======= Instance Index 653 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To make a graham cracker crust, to turn graham crackers to crumbs, you can

Choice 1: Run the graham crackers through a food processor

Choice 2: Run the graham crackers through a cheese grater

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 82.00445
Retrieved Text: A graham cracker crust recipe for baked pies and no bake pies! We could also title this post The Anatomy of a Graham Cracker Crust. In other words, we’re making our own graham cracker crust from scratch today and it’ll be the best graham cracker crust you’ve ever had!
You can use it for no-bake pies or you can bake it first. That’s a summer #win if you ask me!
Graham cracker crust is one of my favorite pie crusts. I don’t think I can choose an absolute favorite, because I love all of them too much. But a good graham cracker crust is a must have in your baking arsenal. So many pies can be made to pair with the graham cracker flavor because it’s so versatile. You can fill it with creamy s’mores chocolate pudding or even an easy blueberry-lemon dessert filling.
I think everyone needs a from-scratch graham cracker crust recipe in their arsenal. What if you want a pie right now and can’t get to the store? And, let’s face it. As good as those store-bought crusts are, they sorta taste like the aluminum foil pie tin, right? Or is it just me?
So today, I’m showing you my favorite from-scratch homemade graham cracker pie crust recipe. And this is even more perfect because you can use it for recipes that call for baking the crust OR you can use it no-bake.
Because when it’s 106° like it has been this week in Sacramento, the last thing you want to do is turn on your oven. A

########
Rank: 1
Score: 74.73143
Retrieved Text: GRAHAM CRACKER PIE CRUST — A simple but delicious recipe for graham cracker pie crust. Substitute chocolate wafer cookies, vanilla wafers or shortbread for different variations on this traditional crumb crust.
Every time I go to make a Graham Cracker Pie Crust, I have to Google the ingredients to make sure I’m using the proper ratios of graham cracker crumbs, butter and sugar. Every time!
So I finally decided to post the recipe right here on my blog, where I’ll always be able to find it.
It almost seems like one of those recipes that’s not even worth posting, but I know I’ll be coming back here for it time and time again. And hopefully it will come in handy for you too.
I like to add just a touch of cinnamon to my crust, and I usually opt for buying graham cracker crumbs rather than crushing my own.
If you do crush your own crackers, you’ll need about 1 1/2 sleeves to get the 1 1/2 cups of crumbs required for this recipe–and a food processor works great for making crumbs, if you have one.
Doubled, this recipe will make enough crust for a 9×13 pan.
A simple but delicious recipe for graham cracker pie crust. Substitute chocolate wafer cookies, vanilla wafers or shortbread for different variations on this traditional crumb crust.
In a medium bowl, stir together graham cracker crumbs, sugar, melted butter and cinnamon.
Press mixture into a 9-inch pie pan.
Bake for 7-10 minutes, or until just golden. Cool completely before filling.
This is such a handy recipe to have on hand. I

########
Rank: 2
Score: 72.58121
Retrieved Text: S’mores Brownie Bars – everything you love about a traditional smore including graham crackers, chocolate and ooey gooey marshmallows. No fire required!
Just because it’s cold outside doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy a summer favorite year round. My s’mores brownie bars are the perfect year-round bonfire treat.
No fire needed with this recipe. You don’t need sticks either! We will be making these s’mores in the oven.
These brownie bars are as close to s’mores as you can get.
They include the necessary graham crackers, milk chocolate and marshmallows that make this dessert a summer favorite.
But they can be served year round, even when there’s snow on the ground.
These chocolatey and chewy brownies sit on a crumbled layer of honey graham crackers and are topped with ooey-gooey toasted marshmallows.
Making these brownie bars couldn’t be simpler. This is an easy recipe to bring to any party or barbecue.
Crush about 24 graham cracker squares in a plastic zipped bag using a rolling pin.
You want to use a sheet of parchment paper or oiled aluminum foil in the bottom of a brownie pan to make removing the brownies from the pan easy.
Speaking of easy, pick up a box of your favorite milk chocolate brownie mix to keep things simple. Or follow my recipe for homemade brownies.
When browning the marshmallows keep a close eye on them so that they don’t burn.
When slicing the cooled brownies, spray a knife with cooking spray beforehand to keep things from sticking and to keep your brownies looking pretty.
Like the real thing. Only easier!
S'mores Brownie Bars - everything you

########
Rank: 3
Score: 71.05609
Retrieved Text: This one is so easy that you will NEVER buy a crust again!
Pulverize the graham crackers in a food processor, blender or in a plastic bag with a rolling pin. This is easy, however you do it. Once you turn them into crumbs, simply dump them into your pie pan.
Stir the crumbs and the sugar up together in the pan and then dump in the melted butter. Stir it till it's all mixed together.
Once the crumbs are all moistened, press them gently into place. You don't want to press them in too firmly, or they bake into a rock! It's okay if they're a little "loose" -- the crust will be delicious and I guarantee that someone you feed it to will say "you know these little crumbs are the best part!" no matter what you fill it with!
Here's your finished graham cracker crumb crust! It's a snap, never fails and even a 10 year old child could make this!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 68.64161
Retrieved Text: When you think of summertime pies, you likely picture cherry pie, blueberry pie, and maybe lemon supreme. If you're ready to shake things up at your next this summer, then this easy dessert recipe for Atlantic Beach Pie needs to be at the top of your list! This easy-as-can-be recipe has plenty of lemon flavor and will be a refreshing end to just about any meal. You'll be proud to serve this easy pie recipe. Just don't tell anyone how easy it is to make.
From the blogger: "Atlantic Beach Pie features a delicious layer of lemon filling topped with whipped cream. But what makes this pie unique is the crust. Instead of crushed graham crackers or cookies, the crust is made from crushed saltine crackers. Yes, saltines. Just stay with me for a minute here! The combination of sweet lemon filling combined with the salty crust is nothing short of genius. Trust me when I say you need a slice of this pie."
I have to agree with Princess Carolyn. I think this recipe looks rather tasty. How does the texture of the crust turn out with saltines compared to graham cracker crumbs? I imagine it is less sweet, but does the buttery flavor make up for the missing sweetness? I can't say that I have ever made a crust from saltines, only cookies or graham crackers.
This looks like a really yummy twist on a traditional lemon pie recipe! I'd love to try it out soon.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 67.244484
Retrieved Text: When I make these, people just RAVE about them! The crumbled graham crackers sprinkled on top add the flavor of a cheesecake base.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Line 2-12 count cupcake tins with liners.
In a small bowl, mix together graham cracker crumbs, 3 Tablespoons sugar, and melted butter with a fork until most and crumbly.
Spoon 1 tablespoon of the crust mixture into each cupcake liner. Using a small glass, tamp down crumbs to form a crust. Set aside.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese, 1/2 cup sugar, flour and vanilla with mixer until well blended. Add sour cream; mix well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low after each just until blended.
Pour 1/3 cup filling into each prepared liner. Bake 45-60 minutes or until cheese cake is set. Cool to room temperature then top each cheesecake with 1-2 tablespoons of cherry filling.
Refrigerate until chilled. Serve immediately. Store remaining cheesecakes in an airtight container for up to 5 days.
A skewer inserted in the center should come out clean.
Roughly break up the graham crackers and put them in a food processor. Process until finely ground.
When the cupcakes are cold, spoon the cream cheese frosting on top and finish with a sprinkling of ground graham crackers.
Beat the confectioners’ sugar and butter together in a freestanding electric mixer with a paddle attachment (or use a handheld electric whisk) on medium-slow speed until the mixture comes together and is well mixed.
Turn the mixer up to medium-high speed and continue beating until the frosting is light and fluffy — this

########
Rank: 6
Score: 66.917946
Retrieved Text: Mini Ricotta Cheesecakes are rich, creamy, and baked in a muffin tin! No water bath required for this mini cheesecake recipe. These little cuties are so perfect for parties and are always a crowd pleaser!
Easter is quickly approaching and in our house that means one thing: Ricotta Cheesecake! We make one every year. But this year I’m shaking things up and treating my family to these mini ricotta cheesecakes. They’re just as creamy and flavorful as the original recipe, buy way easier than baking an entire cheesecake. Plus, their tiny size makes them perfect for sharing! So if you love ricotta cheesecake, you have to try this mini version! Bonus: no water bath required! I know that little tidbit will make many bakers rejoice!
and almost any variety of jam or jelly would be tasty!!!
ricotta cheese: makes the cheesecake batter creamy, dense, and flavorful. Again, use full-fat.
and finally, heavy cream: this makes the cheesecake batter creamy, creamy, creamy! do not substitute this with milk or even half and half.
Oops! I almost forgot: you’ll also need graham cracker crumbs, butter, and sugar to make the crunchy graham cracker crust! You can make your own graham cracker crumbs by crushing sheets of graham crackers in a blender or food processor. Or, save yourself the extra step and buy them pre-crushed at the grocery store.
This recipe yields one dozen mini ricotta cheesecakes, but the recipe doubles like a dream. You can also make this recipe up to 5 days in advance!!! Making it perfect for parties and celebrations. I made

########
Rank: 7
Score: 66.6169
Retrieved Text: Dad’s Chocolate Cream Pie is a family favorite. My mom would make this all the time when we were little because my dad loves it. In fact, she made it with homemade pudding too. Since then we have simplified it a bit. We are loving the new natural Jello Simply Instant Puddings. Dad is the one who started freezing a few years ago and it hit even new levels of tasty. The frozen pudding tastes like fudgesicles!!! You’re going to love it too.
Put your pudding mix and milk into a bowl and stir to combine. Or, my preferred method, a container with a lid and shake to combine. You do not have to use Jello Simply Pudding, but it’s tasty and all natural.
Grind your graham crackers into crumbs using your Ninja or blender. I love my Ninja!!! You do not have to use Horizon Chocolate Graham Crackers, but these are yummy,all natural, and organic.
Combine the melted butter and graham crackers together in your 13″ x 9″ baking dish. Then press them down to form a crust. Reserve a few tablespoons of graham crackers for later use.
Spread your pudding evenly onto the graham crackers.
Make your whip cream by combining the heavy whipping cream with vanilla and powdered sugar. Use a mixer and beat it on high until soft peaks form. If you over whip it you will have butter.
Spread your whip cream on top of the pudding.
Sprinkle everything with a few leftover graham cracker crumbs.
At this point you can totally eat this, but I strongly suggest popping

########
Rank: 8
Score: 66.408226
Retrieved Text: Preheat oven to 375°F. Place the whole graham crackers in a re-sealable plastic bag and crush with rolling pin, then measure 1 cup of crumbs and discard the rest.
In a medium-sized bowl or a food processor, combine the graham cracker crumbs, raw sugar, 3 tbsp shredded coconut, whipped butter and 1/2 tablespoon of water; blend until it has a texture of coarse meal.
Press into an 8-inch pie dish making the crust about 1/8-inch thick evenly all around and up the sides, evening the crumbs up to make sure there are no gaps or holes. Note: If you refrigerate the crust for 30 minutes before you bake it, this will help prevent crumbling when you want to serve it.
Bake until the edges are golden, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let the crust cool on a wire rack, before filling.
Meanwhile, dissolve the gelatin in 1/2 tablespoon of water in a small bowl for 5 minutes.
Lightly mash the silken tofu with a fork and place it in the blender with the coconut cream and remaining tablespoon of shredded coconut and blend until smooth, about 1 to 1 1/2 minutes.
Heat the 1/4 cup of coconut milk beverage in the microwave 40 to 45 seconds, and mix in with the gelatin until dissolved, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to the blender and blend until smooth.
Pour into the graham cracker crust and refrigerate until it sets, about 3 to 4 hours. Top with shaved coconut, if desired.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 66.126495
Retrieved Text: Author Notes: This recipe came about when I decided I needed a way to combine my two Summertime obsessions......mangoes and Key Lime Pie. I adapted my Dad's recipe for Key Lime Pie and, because I love a good Graham Cracker Crust, I decided to reserve some extra crust to bake and use as a crunchy topping for my pie. The resulting pie is tart, creamy and everything I could ever want in a Summer dessert.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Line a small baking sheet with parchment or a silicone mat and set aside.
To make the crust, place the graham crackers and sugar into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until the graham crackers are finely ground. Once the graham crackers are ground, add in the toasted pecans and pulse until the pecans are coarsely chopped. Then add in the melted butter and process until the mixture is evenly moistened and resembles damp sand.
Measure out ⅓ cup of the graham cracker mixture and spread evenly on the prepared baking sheet (this is going to become the yummy, crunchy topping for your pie). Bake for about 8 minutes (stirring every once in a while) or until the crumbs are nicely golden and toasted.
Pour the remaining graham cracker mixture into a 9-inch pie pan and press evenly into the bottom and sides of the pan to form the crust. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until the crust is set and golden.
To make the filling, place the egg yolks and lime zest in a large

########
Rank: 10
Score: 65.35473
Retrieved Text: When you have a recipe that calls for a graham cracker crust, you can run out to the store and pick one up that is already made. But like so many things, even graham cracker pie crusts are best when you start with whole crackers and make them into a crust yourself. Graham crackers are tasty in pie crust and s’mores, but how much thought do you give them when picking out a box at the store? Do you stick with a particular brand or shop by price – and does it make a difference in the finished product if you become a little choosier about your grahams? In a recent (June/July 2011) issue, Cook’s Country tested three different nationally available brands of graham crackers to see which came out on top – and deserved to be on the bottom of that homemade pie crust.
The magazine’s test kitchen sampled Keebler Original Grahams, Honey Maid Honey Grahams and Nabisco Grahams Original. All brands were tested plain, as well as in the crust of a key lime pie and incorporated into an icebox cake recipe. Their flavors varied slightly from brand to brand when eaten plain, but some other differences came out during the rest of the testing. Keebler Grahams seemed to make the best graham cracker crust in terms of consistency and flavor. Honey Maid Grahams held up well to baking and had a pleasant butterscotch flavor. The Nabisco Grahams earned praise for their wheaty, nutty flavor and made for a nice pie crust, but did not

########
Rank: 11
Score: 64.75461
Retrieved Text: Filled with marshmallow vodka, hot cocoa and graham cracker crumbs, this s’mores-inspired cocktail has all the goodness of the campfire classic with a soul-warming boozy kick. Garnish with toasted marshmallows and chocolate-dipped graham crackers for a tasty finishing touch.
Bourbon, chocolate ganache and marshmallow meringue? Yes, please. A splash of booze gives this pie its bold flavor, but feel free to leave it out since it doesn't change the consistency of the ganache.
Perfect for apartment dwellers or indoor theme parties, this portable s'mores centerpiece pulls double duty as decor and marshmallow roasting station. Your buffet will never be the same!
Transform your favorite fireside treat into an easy-grab brownie bar you can bake in the oven. Pro tip? Double the recipe. These delicious bites go fast!
Surprise an outdoorsy friend with everything they need to make their own ooey-gooey s'mores. Hand-make the cookies, marshmallows and chocolate squares so they're especially tasty, then package the goodies "hobo-style" for a gift that's ready to travel.
Looking for a creative, grab-n-go dessert for your next party? Skip the campfire and pre-make s'mores by holding skewers of marshmallows over a flame, then dipping them in chocolate and graham cracker crumbs.
Served in a Mason jar and topped with torched marshmallow fluff, this s'mores-pumpkin pie mashup is all of our dreams come true.
For your next fireside gathering, set up a mobile outdoor s'mores station by outfitting a serving tray with all the necessities. Keep marshmallows in a tall vase and arrange graham crackers and chocolate on a platter. Mix things up a bit by adding extra

########
Rank: 12
Score: 64.5038
Retrieved Text: These are one of the BEST magic cookie bars you will every put in your mouth. After just one bite, you will be in Heaven.
Saturday morning, I was wide awake at 7 a.m. Maybe I was too anxious to try out this new recipe I had been planning all week.
We had treats at work last Tuesday and one of my co-workers brought in Magic Layer Bars. I LOVE her Magic Layer Bars. BUT . . . I got to thinking. How about an Almond Joy version and use chocolate graham crackers instead of regular, almonds instead of pecans and add loads of coconut.
I wanted a thick bar and I remembered pinning Sally's Ultimate Magic Cookie Bars awhile back. Rather than using a graham cracker crust, she created a graham cracker cookie crust. BEST DECISION EVER, SALLY. The crust is thick and soft and chewy and is guaranteed to become a base of many recipes to come.
The result is DIVINE, DECADENT, SINFUL, RICH, AMAZING, IRRESISTIBLE. Okay, okay, so I really really loved these bars. They totally reminded me of an Almond Joy. You need to try this recipe ASAP.
These bars definitely look like a great treat..
Just saw the recipe...my favorite food group...chocolate and coconut...not to take away from the preparation but I am going to buy a roll of cookie dough from the refrigerator section and skip part one and go right on to part two.....sorry just lazy....but outcome the same ~~!~!~!~!
How did they turn out? What kind of cookie dough did you use?
These look irresistible!! Magic

########
Rank: 13
Score: 63.40429
Retrieved Text: Pleased to announce that my How to Celebrate Everything video series continues with, naturally, Chocolate Pudding Pie. I’ve been on the road hawking my book this month, and I’ve had a lot of fun reading the section about a pie throw-down my family had at Thanksgiving a few years ago. (Book owners: page 46). It’s one of my favorites, as is this recipe. Reminder: There is an entire chapter devoted to Thanksgiving including a section on Turkey for beginners (page 52) as well as a section called “How to Avoid Empty Celebration Syndrome” (Commonly known as ECS). You can be sure you’ll hear more on that as we ramp up to next Thursday. For now enjoy the video.
I love that you are showing videos. A recipe does seem so doable when you can watch a quick video of it being done.
My 10 year old daughter made this last night and rocked it! The video is great…although she wanted to know why your counters weren’t covered in cornstarch like ours;) Thanks for teaching us to cook and love it!
I attempted the graham cracker crust this evening and the sides didn’t hold their shape while baking. I added more graham cracker crumbs because it seemed as if there was too much butter. Instead of listing the number of graham crackers used can you provide a measurement for the amount of graham cracker crumbs for my next attempt?
Could you enter more detail into the video for future references?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 63.334534
Retrieved Text: Busy days means easy desserts! Enjoy this delightfully delicious easy Vegan Cherry Vanilla Parfaits in just minutes!
Set out your vegan whipped cream so it softens.
Combine the pudding and plant-based milk in a saucepan. Stir over medium heat until the mixture comes to a boil. Cook another minute or two until the pudding thickens. Remove from heat.
Place the graham crackers in a food processor. Pulse until a sand-like texture develops. Add the coconut oil. Pulse until combined.
Press the graham cracker mix into the bottom of three serving dishes, reserving some to crumble on the top of each. Use your spoon to press the graham cracker mixture into the bottom of the dish.
Pour the pudding over the graham cracker crust in each dish. Fill each dish until it's about 3/4 of the way full. Refrigerate until the pudding thickens enough to hold the cherries, about 10 minutes.
Top with cherry pie filling, vegan whipped cream, and extra graham cracker crumbs.
Either serve immediately or refrigerate and serve after chilled.
*I buy dairy-free whipped cream at either my local grocery store or the health food store in the freezer section, near the vegan ice cream. Note: You may find you have some cherry filling leftover. You can reserve this to serve over vegan ice cream or pancakes, etc.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 63.097977
Retrieved Text: Whip up this fabulous easy to make No-Bake Lemon Pie in minutes with 4 ingredients.
One of my favorite desserts is my No-Bake Key Lime Pie. It is creamy sweet and a little tart. The combination is fabulous. I feel the same way about this no-bake lemon pie. If you grew up in the South, you probably refer to this pie as a No-Bake Lemon Icebox pie. To make this pie, I just substituted the key lime in my key lime pie for fresh lemon juice.
No-Bake Lemon pie is an easy dessert that is perfect for summer. Continue reading to see step by step how to make this easy recipe.
I bake my crust for 10 minutes then allow it to cool before adding the lemon filling, but you don’t have to cook the crust. Instead, you can refrigerate the crust for an hour before adding the pie filling. I would not add the filling without baking or chilling the crust first. If you do not bake or refrigerate it, the crust will slide around the pie plate when adding the filling. If you are in a hurry, you could always purchase a store-bought graham cracker crust.
This pie goes together fast, is super easy, and tastes fantastic. A thick layer of lemon filling is poured into a no-bake graham cracker crust and chilled at least four hours to overnight before serving.
If you want a totally no-bake pie, you can skip the first and second step and purchase a premade pie crust.
Using a food processor, pulse 9 Graham Crackers.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 63.017117
Retrieved Text: Our contributor, Lauren Kapeluck of EllenJay Events, is sharing an easy s’mores cupcake recipe! Chocolate cupcakes with marshmallow frosting, graham cracker crumbs and hunks of milk chocolate.
This month’s cupcake recipe was inspired after a recent camping trip my husband and I took to celebrate our 5 year anniversary! We pitched a tent, started a fire and roasted marshmallows to create the perfect camping treat…S’mores! I can’t think of a better way to enjoy a night outside under the stars than with this gooey, sticky and messy sandwich cookie. So I transformed this graham cracker, marshmallow and chocolate combination into a s’mores cupcake that is super easy with no roasting involved.
The base of the cupcake is a simple one-bowl chocolate cake. Who doesn’t love a chocolate cupcake? The S’mores factor comes into play with the marshmallow frosting and graham cracker garnish. Instead of using actual marshmallows in this recipe I decided on a jar of marshmallow cream, which creates a light and fluffy texture. This icing is not overly sweet and pairs nicely with the chocolate and graham crackers. Top off the cupcake with a chocolate square from a chocolate bar and you have the ultimate s’mores in cake form!
S’more cupcakes are the pefect treat for a picnic or camping themed party. They are low maintenance and super easy to make so grab your kids and get them involved. I guarantee they will love being your graham cracker crushers and dipping the cupcakes into the crumbs.
In bowl of stand mixer combine dry ingredients: flour, cocoa powder, sugar,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 62.637856
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Day 4 of Christmas Week. This annual event was started in 2012, and is hosted by Kim of Cravings of a Lunatic. This year we have over 35 bloggers sharing festive sweet recipes for the event.
Do you ever have a day when you’re cold, you’re tired, and things just aren’t going your way? Unfortunately I’ve had a lot more of those lately at school. So by the time I get home from school I just want something warm and comforting.
Whenever I want something warm and comforting I turn to chocolate. Who doesn’t love chocolate when they are feeling blue? When it’s cold outside then I want nothing but hot chocolate. The warm chocolate topped with marshmallows warms my belly and my spirit.
However, there are some days when even hot chocolate can’t do the trick. That’s when I bring out the S’mores Hot Chocolate. That’s right! I make hot chocolate even more decadent using toasted marshmallows, chocolate syrup, and graham cracker crumbs.
First I make my homemade hot cocoa. I rim a mug with graham cracker crumbs and pour the hot cocoa into it. I top it off with a ton of marshmallows and put it in the oven to toast. When it comes out of the oven the smell is heavenly. You can leave it like that or make it more decadent by drizzling it with chocolate.
It tastes amazing. Graham crackers with toasted marshmallows and chocolate is a winning combination. This is the ultimate in comfort beverages.
Having a holiday party? The great thing about these

########
Rank: 18
Score: 62.450916
Retrieved Text: This Coconut Cheesecake recipe is very easy to make. You need just 9 ingredients and 15 minutes of hands-on preparation time. It’s super creamy and delicious and the perfect cheesecake for every occasion. It comes with a coconut graham cracker crust and a coconut cheesecake filling. Detailed step-by-step instructions with photos and video.
Easter is knocking on our doors, and which better way can you think of celebrating it than with this Coconut Cheesecake? Exactly. I don’t know it either. Think of super creamy coconut cheesecake filling combined with an incredible coconut graham cracker crust. Coconut flavor guaranteed.
I walk you through the whole process of making Coconut Cheesecake step-by-step. It’s very easy and quick to make. This cheesecake is definitely a crowd pleaser.
Start with lining the springform pan with parchment paper. If you cover the bottom and the sides of the springform pan, you don’t need to worry about how to remove cheesecake from the springform pan. After baking and chilling, just open the pan and remove the paper from the cheesecake.
Let’s move on to the crust. Graham cracker crumbs, toasted coconut flakes, sugar, and coconut oil is what you need for the crust.
The fastest way to get graham cracker crumbs is to place the graham crackers in a food processor and pulse a few seconds until finely ground into crumbs. Alternatively, you can place them in a zip-lock bag and smash them with the rolling pin into fine crumbs.
I highly recommend using toasted coconut flakes because they add more flavor to the crust. If you don’t

########
Rank: 19
Score: 62.44956
Retrieved Text: ​Ahhhh summer. Warm summer nights, campfires, smores, friends, lightening bugs ... what's not to like?
I'm not a huge fan of smores but I think it's more because of the stickiness factor and not necessarily because of the flavor. It's no secret that I love chocolate and I love marshmallows and graham crackers too so there's really no reason for me NOT to love smores. The truth is that I'd much rather have a smore cupcake or cake than an actual smore and I can't really explain why.
​Since then, I've perfected my smore cake baking skills so here goes..
Crush graham crackers and add melted butter.
Press into the bottom of 3 nine inch cake pans.
Bake 10 minutes at 350.
Stir together flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
​Add eggs, milk, oil and vanilla.
Beat on medium speed 2 minutes.
Pour over graham cracker crust in cake pans.
Cool cakes on wire racks.
​Place one cake layer on a plate.
​Top with a layer of marshmallow meringue.
​Sprinkle with mini chocolate chips.
Top with final cake layer.
Continue to frost top and sides with remaining meringue. Toast lightly with a butane torch.
​Sprinkle some graham cracker crumbs over the top and decorate with hersheys chocolate.
​A smore you can eat with a fork - yum.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 61.95526
Retrieved Text: 28/10/2014 · "The Gluten Free Chef" Robert Landolphi talks Gluten Free Baking-Cooking Light Cookbook and shows us how to make Graham Cracker Apple Crisp.... They are simple to make and have the most delicious buttery, crisp crust and creamy, tart lemon topping. YOU MAY ALSO LIKE: These easy Blueberry Lemon Cheesecake Bars with a graham cracker crust, lemon cheesecake topping and blueberries.
Cherry Pie Filling Graham Cracker Crust Recipes 476 Recipes. How many ingredients should the recipe require? < 5 Ingredients No Restrictions. Skip. Last updated Jan 10, 2019. 476 suggested recipes. Cherry Dream Pie Jay Tried and True. 20. graham pie crust… how to make firecrackers weed microwave This crisp is just as delicious for breakfast as it is when served for dessert. The combination of gluten-free oats and graham crackers gives the topping a unique texture that complements the soft apple filling.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 61.836193
Retrieved Text: Watch a how-to video on making homemade marshmallows, the perfect companion for your hot chocolate.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line an 8-by-16 baking dish with foil, and grease liberally with cooking spray or butter. Set aside until needed.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, add the chocolate cake mix, butter, eggs and vanilla. Beat until smooth and fully combined. The dough will be stiffer, more like a thick cookie dough.
Press the dough into the prepared baking dish. Top with a complete layer of graham crackers. Sprinkle the chocolate chips on top and then top with the mini marshmallows.
Place the pan in the oven and bake until the cake is fully cooked and the marshmallows are browned, about 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the oven and place on the counter to cool completely. Before cutting, place the pan in the refrigerator or freezer and allow it to get nice and cold. This will allow for easy cutting. Plus, the bars taste amazing cold.
Cut into approximately 20 bars. These last up to 4 days in a sealed container.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly spray a 9-inch pie plate with non-stick cooking spray.
In a medium bowl, stir together graham cracker crumbs, sugar, and salt. Stir in melted butter until graham cracker mixture is coated.
Press into the bottom and sides of prepared pie plate. Bake for 8 minutes or until just starting to turn golden brown. Remove from oven and cool completely.
While crust is cooling, beat together cream cheese and marshmallow fluff until thoroughly combined. Add in confectioner’s sugar

########
Rank: 22
Score: 61.806004
Retrieved Text: A graham cracker pie is made with a vanilla custard filling, a graham cracker crust, and a topping of meringue or whipped cream. Graham cracker crumbs are sprinkled over the topping. This graham cracker pie reminds me of a pie my Aunt Irene made for special occasions.
This version of the recipe is made with a meringue topping, but it can also be finished with a fresh lightly sweetened whipped cream topping or a ready-made whipped topping.
Store this pie in the refrigerator for up to 2 days, loosely tented with foil.
In a medium bowl, combine the graham cracker crumbs, butter, and 1/3 cup of the sugar; mix to blend. Set aside 1/4 cup of the graham cracker mixture. Pat the remaining graham cracker mixture into a deep-dish pie pan. Bake the crust for 10 minutes.
Remove the pie crust from oven and set aside to cool.
In a heavy, medium saucepan, combine the 1 cup of granulated sugar, cornstarch, and a dash of salt. Whisk in the milk and egg yolks, then place the pan over medium heat. Cook, whisking constantly until the mixture begins to thicken and gently boil, which will take about 5 to 6 minutes.
Continue cooking, whisking, until very thick, about 1 to 2 minutes longer. Remove from heat and whisk in the 2 tablespoons of butter, a few pieces at a time. Stir in the 2 teaspoons of vanilla.
Pour the hot filling into the cooled graham cracker pie crust; set aside.
While the filling is still hot, make the meringue.
In a mixing bowl with electric mixer,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 61.61835
Retrieved Text: This is one of my all time favorite Pampered Chef recipes. They are soooo easy to make and so yummy!! **Try this out with Dark Chocolate instead – Yummo!!! You can also cut some calories by using the low-fat graham crackers. Plus one cup is 100 calories – so if you have the will power to eat just one it’s a nice little snack!!
Preheat oven to 350°F (180°C). Place graham crackers into a large resealable plastic bag. Finely crush into crumbs using Baker’s Roller®;. (Not needed if you get the pre-crushed graham cracker crumbs) Combine graham cracker crumbs, powdered sugar and butter in Small Batter Bowl. Using Small Scoop, place scant scoop of crumb mixture in each cup of Deluxe Mini-Muffin Pan. Press crumbs to form shallow cups with Mini-Tart Shaper. Bake 4-5 minutes or until edges are bubbling. Meanwhile, break two of the candy bars into rectangles. Remove pan from oven; place one rectangle into each cup.
Cut marshmallows in half crosswise using Professional Shears dipped in cold water. Place one marshmallow half, cut-side down, into each cup. Return to oven 1-2 minutes or until marshmallows are just slightly softened. Remove from oven to Stackable Cooling Rack; cool 15 minutes. Carefully remove cups from pan. Cool completely.
Cook’s Tips: Dipping the Professional Shears in cold water before cutting the marshmallows helps minimize sticking.
Click here to shop with me now!
This entry was posted in Pampered Chef, Recipes, Recipes - Desserts and tagged chocolate, Graham cracker, Marshmallow, Microwave, Pampered Chef, Powdered sugar, S'more by tiannafonz. Bookmark the permalink.
Oh my

########
Rank: 24
Score: 61.137604
Retrieved Text: Unwrap cream cheese and microwave for 10 seconds. Beat cream cheese on medium high speed for 2-3 minutes until light and fluffy.
With mixer off, add heavy whipping cream. Slowly mix on low speed until liquid has been incorporated. Turn mixer to medium high and beat for 2-3 more minutes.
Add lemon pie filling and mix until combined.
In a food processor, grind graham crackers into a fine crumb. Pour into a microwave safe bowl.
Add butter to bowl with crushed graham crackers and microwave for 30 seconds until butter is melted. Stir to combine.
Pour half the graham cracker/butter mixture in the bottom of a bowl. Layer half of the cheesecake mixture on top. Top with remaining graham crackers and cheesecake mixture.
You can serve immediately or refrigerate for 30 minutes. Serve with shortbread cookies, graham crackers or pie crust chips for dipping.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 61.002735
Retrieved Text: "Making and eating Hello Dollies have been a tradition in our family for a long time. Every Christmas we always have to make these."
Mix graham cracker crumbs and melted butter together in a bowl until evenly moistened; press into the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Pour 1/2 the can sweetened condensed milk over the graham cracker crust. Sprinkle semisweet chocolate chips, walnuts, coconut, and white chocolate chips over the graham cracker crust; gently press chocolate, nuts, and coconuts into the crust. Drizzle remaining 1/2 can of condensed milk over the top.
Bake in the preheated oven until fragrant and coconut is golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool completely before cutting into squares.
No...I certainly will make it again!
no changes.. they were loved by all!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 60.93877
Retrieved Text: These no bake peanut butter bars are topped with a delicious chocolate layer.
Peanut butter bars: Incredibly easy to make and so delicious that you might need a timelock on your refrigerator to make them last. Why not give them a try? Plus, this recipe has a secret ingredient that makes it better than other peanut butter bar recipes.
Many chocolate peanut butter bars suffer from a common ailment: They are too gooey, oily, and don't hold together. These peanut butter squares attack the problem head on: a healthy dose of graham cracker crumbs in the peanut butter give them a stable body and a bit of crunch. It's a truly tasty combination.
Another problem common to homemade peanut butter bars is the chocolate topping: it cracks when you cut into it. This recipe, again, has a great solution: a few tablespoons of peanut butter mixed into the chocolate coating make it softer and more pliable at serving time.
Stir together peanut butter, graham cracker crumbs, melted butter, and sugar.
Once the chocolate is melted, pour it over the peanut butter base. Smooth if needed.
Chill for a few minutes, then cut into bars before the chocolate is completely set. Refrigerate until chocolate is fully set. Keep refrigerated until ready to serve!
*You can either buy graham crackers in crumb-form (usually found in the baking aisle), or buy the crackers and put them through a food processor yourself. If you decide to process whole graham crackers, you'll need about 16 full rectangular crackers to make 2.5 cups of crumbs.
**I've made this recipe with

########
Rank: 27
Score: 60.92768
Retrieved Text: Easy no bake strawberry cheesecake cupcakes with graham cracker crust and strawberry topping are simple to make and healthier than traditional cheesecakes.
These no bake MINI strawberry cheesecake cupcakes are to die for!
That graham cracker crust topped off with that creamy, cheesy, fruity filling and glossy strawberry topping will have your friends begging you for the recipe.
This recipe is obviously different than my New york cheesecake cupcakes because those require baking and these ones DON’T, which makes these ones so much EASIER and QUICKER.
Use MELTED coconut oil to ensure it mixes well with the graham cracker crumbs and there are no lumps.
To make it a little HEALTHIER, use low fat cream cheese and low fat Greek yogurt.
To make these cheesecakes super CREAMY, use full fat cream cheese and full fat Greek yogurt.
I highly RECOMMEND using a little gelatin in the cheesecake mixture so that it sets better and holds its shape well.
You can use homemade strawberry topping or store-bought strawberry topping. Just make sure it’s THICK so it does not drip off the cheesecakes completely.
Use pink gel food coloring to ENHANCE the color instead of liquid food coloring since using too much liquid can alter the consistency of the cheesecake mixture.
Keep these cheesecakes CHILLED so that they hold their shape well plus they taste better chilled rather than warm.
Add the topping prior to serving or when the cheesecake mixture has SET.
Make sure to really PACK DOWN/PRESS DOWN the graham cracker crust mixture into each cupcake liner so that it doesn’t crumble when you peel off the liners

########
Rank: 28
Score: 60.663006
Retrieved Text: Stonefire® S’mores pizza is an easy flatbread recipe unlike anything you have tasted before! Instead of traditional savory toppings, the naan is topped with a layer of chocolate spread, mini marshmallows and graham cracker crumbs. Sure to satisfy any sweet tooth, this quick and easy dessert recipe is ready in under 10 minutes.
Top Naan with broken graham crackers or graham cracker crumbs.
Remove from baking tray and serve.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 60.491646
Retrieved Text: Prepare crust: In food processor, finely grind graham crackers (you will have about 3 1/2 cups). In large bowl, stir together graham cracker crumbs, butter and 1/2 cup maple syrup. Press evenly into bottom and up sides of 10-inch springform pan. Wrap bottom and side of pan with 2 layers of heavy-duty foil to avoid leakage.
Make filling: In bowl of standing mixer fitted with paddle attachment, or in food processor, beat cream cheese on low speed, scraping down sides of bowl occasionally, until smooth. Add remaining 1 cup maple syrup and eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add vanilla and cream and beat until just combined.
Pour filling into crust and bake in middle of oven 1 hour (cake will not be set in center but will set as it chills). Cool cake in pan on rack. Chill cake, covered, at least 8 hours and up to 4 days. Remove side of pan. Serve cheesecake in wedges, drizzled with maple syrup.

================



======= Instance Index 1313 =========
Input Text: Sentence: When making blueberry muffins or cupcakes, how do I keep the blueberries from turning the muffin or cupcake blue?

Choice 1: When you add the blueberries, make sure that they are fully thawed.

Choice 2: When you add the blueberries, make sure that they are frozen.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 78.77783
Retrieved Text: The quick fix ? Cover it up with a whole bunch of fresh fruit. That’s definitely one option but what if fruit doesn’t pair with your cheesecake flavor or you just don’t like fruit? You could opt to use shaved chocolate or whipped cream. Or, you can repair the crack!... For big-topped muffins, line 8 standard-size muffin cups with paper liners. For standard-size muffins line 10 muffin cups. Fill the remaining cups with 1 to 2 tablespoons of water to help the muffins bake evenly.
For big-topped muffins, line 8 standard-size muffin cups with paper liners. For standard-size muffins line 10 muffin cups. Fill the remaining cups with 1 to 2 tablespoons of water to help the muffins bake evenly.... Well, here is one lifesaving treatment that might help you fix that cake disaster! No, those are not cookies in the picture. Those are my "flat-on-the-top" cupcakes, still in the cupcake pan.
An incredibly soft, moist banana muffin made with tall bakery-style muffin tops, sweet banana flavor, and a simple (optional) streusel crumb topping! This is the very best banana muffin recipe! how to find moles of hcl in titration These super moist Banana Nut Muffins are topped with a cinnamon walnut streusel. Lots of fresh banana chunks and walnuts are packed into these muffins. Super easy to make! With video. Lots of fresh banana chunks and walnuts are packed into these muffins.
"21 Day Fix Blueberry Muffins WW smart points / 9 regarding muffins = 3 SP 18 mini muffins =" "21 Day Fix Blueberry Muffins These are

########
Rank: 1
Score: 71.72364
Retrieved Text: A simple muffin recipe; Try this homemade blueberry muffin recipe for a delicious breakfast treat! This muffin recipe uses blueberries and buttermilk.
I’m probably going to get in trouble for making these muffins.
Bananas I have none this week, but I do have a brand new box of fresh blueberries, which settled the question.
And then Robb left town. And well, I made blueberry muffins in his absence. And the kids scarfed them all down within a day, which means Robb gets zero of these blueberry muffins that were his suggestion.
It’s kind of a theme at our house.
Sorry, Robb. Try not to be mad at me. I’ll make another batch when you get home.
On the bright side, I had some help making my muffins today. In fact, I did almost zero of the work.
Well, zero of the fun work, anyway.
There’s this kid in the neighborhood, a kid who spends enough time at my house that he has taken to referring to me as “mom.” He asked if he could help make the muffins, and, well, it’s hard to turn down an offer like that.
We were a good team. He collected ingredients while I tidied up the kitchen, which is no small task. Cleaning the kitchen might be my most hated chore of all time. As evidenced by the state of my kitchen.
I decided to give these muffins a little extra pizzazz with a sugar crust. It was easy, I just sprinkled a little sugar over each muffin just before baking, and let the sugar bake into the top.
It’s not

########
Rank: 2
Score: 70.076256
Retrieved Text: An easy homemade blueberry streusel muffin recipe bursting with blueberries and a hint of orange, topped with sweet crumbly brown sugar streusel topping.
These blueberrry muffins are IT friends.
Stop looking. You’ve found them. The BEST blueberry muffin recipe.
This easy homemade blueberry muffin is exactly what you have been looking for.
What’s The Difference Between A Muffin And A Cupcake?
Some may argue not much different except one has frosting. But generally a muffin should not be as sweet as a cupcake.
Step 1: Start by making your streusel topping. Just stir together your flour, sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, and melted butter. You can use your hands to break up the crumble.
Step 3: Combine your dry ingredients (flour, brown sugar, baking powder and salt) and whisk to combine.
Step 4: Combine your liquid and dry ingredients. Stir just until the flour is mixed in.
Step 5: Stir in your blueberries.
Step 7: Scoop your batter into your prepared pans, sprinkle on the streusel topping and bake!
Mix your blueberries with one tablespoon of flour. This ensures that the blueberries don’t sink in your batter. This is the same trick I use so that my chocolate chips do not sink.
Mix 10-12 times only. Once you have added your dry ingredients, count your stirs then stop. Yes there will be lumps left. Think of them as pancakes, where lumps in your batter are also Ok! Over-mixing your muffin will result in what is called tunneling, basically giant holes in your muffin. Now that tunneling is all well and good in a baguette, but this isn’t bread. So

########
Rank: 3
Score: 67.138054
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Monday friends! Today is all about the humble muffin. Are you a fan? Growing up muffins were a treat we loved to make and eat but most of the time we just used a packet mix. Well it’s time to throw away the cake mix because these big bakery-style Blueberry Crumble Muffins, made from scratch, are simply the best!
These muffins are perfect to throw together when you need a good snack – plus they freeze really well so you can enjoy them all week. You don’t even need an electric mixer! Simply stir and bake. The crispy golden crumble just about melts-in-your-mouth and really makes these blueberry muffins extra special.
Frozen blueberries work really well but you could use any berries you have sitting in the freezer. Try raspberries and throw in a few white chocolate chips. You could also add a pinch of cinnamon to the crumble for a little bit of warmth.
The best part of these Blueberry Crumble Muffins is that gorgeous high top just like the ones you get in a bakery or cafe! Have you ever wondered how to make this type of muffin at home? Here are a few things I have learnt. First of all, don’t be afraid to overfill the muffin tin.
You want to fill each muffin hole close to completely full – unlike cupcakes which you usually only fill 3/4 full. Then you want to bake the muffins in a hot oven for the first five minutes (about 200 C / 400 F) which helps them rise

########
Rank: 4
Score: 67.01962
Retrieved Text: Blueberry French Toast Cupcakes are irresistible! A cinnamon maple cake is topped with maple buttercream frosting and fresh blueberries.
To cure the winter blues, I love turning on my oven to bake something sweet. Today it’s time for another cupcake recipe! I love brainstorming new cupcake recipes because the recipe testing is the best part. Who can resist a tasty little homemade cupcake? So much flavor is packed into a single serving dessert that can be enjoyed for any occasion. Blueberry French Toast Cupcakes combine everything that I love about french toast into one irresistible cupcake.
For these cupcakes, I added fresh blueberries to a maple cinnamon cake and then topped it with freshly whipped maple syrup buttercream. A few extra blueberries and a sprinkle of confectioners’ powder creates a cupcake that tastes like homemade french toast.
Go ahead, bake yourself a batch of cupcakes to share with your friends and family!
Preheat oven to 350° F. Line two standard muffin tins with paper liners. Divide blueberries evenly among muffin cups, placing a few blueberries at the bottom of each cup. Set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar together on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating until each is incorporated, scraping down sides of bowl as needed. Add maple syrup and vanilla. Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture in three batches, alternating with two additions of milk, and beating until combined after each.
To make the frosting, in the bowl of an

########
Rank: 5
Score: 66.427444
Retrieved Text: Last Summer, I wrote about this fabulous blueberry muffin recipe. Now, all you’ve got to do is add some lemon to make lemon blueberry muffins! To see the blueberry muffin recipe, click here.
I would suggest clicking that link before continuing because you will need a basic understanding of the recipe.
To make the lemon blueberry muffins, you will need all the ingredients for the blueberry muffins, plus 1 lemon.
To put the lemon in these wonderful muffins, add 3+ tablespoons of lemon juice. Now, I say 3+ because I added 3 tablespoons and could not taste the lemon at all. I’d suggest bumping it up to at least 5. I’d never baked with lemons, so add what you think is enough. Please comment the perfect amount of lemon so I know what to do next time!
What I did next is put lemon zest on top of every muffin before baking. However, I realized afterwards that you should probably wait until after the muffins are cooked to put on the fresh lemon zest. I say this because the lemon zest burned and I could no longer taste it.
Another idea I had was to mix together lemon juice and powdered sugar. This will make a nice glaze to put on top of the muffins and surely will add a nice zing of lemon. Add more powdered sugar to make the glaze thick, and add more lemon juice to thin it out.
Since I was purely experimenting, there are some changes that I suggested for you to make but these muffins will

########
Rank: 6
Score: 66.15072
Retrieved Text: Lemon Blueberry Muffins with streusel crumb topping is the best BREAKFAST IDEA to MAKE AHEAD and grab ON THE GO on a busy morning. This EASY RECIPE with Greek yogurt makes the best, moist, homemade, bakery style muffins.
I’m sure your toddlers and even picky eaters will love these Lemon Blueberry Muffins, too. Whether you make a breakfast for your family to eat at home or pack a lunch box for school, your kids will be happy to have a few of these yummies.
Actually a mug of freshly brewed coffee and a blueberry muffin are my favorite way to start a work day.
As a matter of fact I’ve already shared blueberry muffins recipe a few years ago. That was my Blueberry Muffins with Streusel Crumbs. I’ve got so many good reviews from my readers then.They said it was the best homemade blueberry muffins recipe they have ever tried.
However, that recipe was very quick and easy. It became my go-to muffin recipe. You don’t even need a mixer for those muffins. All you have to do is to simply whisk all ingredients by hand and you’re done. The secret ingredient for perfectly moist blueberry muffins is Greek yogurt. So I used it again in this Lemon Blueberry Muffins recipe.
Although the original recipe was great I became a bit boring with it. I decided to make a little twist on my old Blueberry Muffins. I’m not a huge fan of a lemon flavor. However I added some freshly squeezed lemon juice and grated lemon zest in the batter. I

########
Rank: 7
Score: 66.01133
Retrieved Text: Healthy Lemon Blueberry Muffins + A Video!
Healthy Lemon Blueberry Muffins!!! Bursting with fresh, plump, juicy blueberries and packed with lemon zest and coconut sugar, these muffins are just the thing to bake this summer!
I’m super late in getting this post up today. I had way too much fun yesterday . . I attended an event last night at my local Sur La Table and got to demo the new KitchenAid Spiralizer attachment and make my cauliflower pesto.
It was a private event for all the social media influencers in Madison and we had such a great time! And this happened. I’m always late to the game but when I finally heard about the Running Man Challenge, we had to do it!
How was everyone’s weekend? Ours was jam packed and the fun is not going to stop because the family and I are headed to Des Moines, Iowa this weekend!!! The Greater Des Moines Convention & Visitors Bureau invited us to explore Des Moines and eat and drink our way around the city so we are so excited! Be sure to follow me on Snapchat (hipfoodiemom1). . where I’ll be sharing all the fun!
It’s summer so my fridge is packed with berries. Like, all the time. so, on Saturday, my youngest requested blueberry muffins!
I’ve made these muffins with regular all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour and now this flour! Next up, I will have to try a combination of coconut flour and ground almond meal.
I was going for the larger bakery style muffins and these delivered! They were so

########
Rank: 8
Score: 65.36087
Retrieved Text: makes 12 delicious muffins for breakfast, snacks and weekend brunches.
I enjoy making muffins for snacks and weekend breakfasts. They are always quick and easy to make and now that I’ve been using the air fryer, baking and cooking has become a bit easier as the cooking and baking time is shortened. That’s a dream come true.
Most of the recipes I share are quite flexible and this muffin recipe is no exception. If lemon is not your favorite you can substitute orange or just leave out the citrus. You can also substitute your favorite fruit for the blueberries.
For the blueberry lemon muffins I used a recipe I’ve had for a while and thought I would test it in the air fryer (you can also bake this blueberry lemon muffins recipe in the oven at 350 degrees for 12-15 minutes).
To begin, self-rising flour is needed to make blueberry lemon muffins air fryer recipe and of course I did not have any – I usually just buy all purpose flour, whole wheat pastry flour and coconut and almond flour. I figured that’s enough of an investment in flours, so I usually look for substitutes.
Self-rising flour is a simple substitute you can easily mix up in no time at all. Here is a very easy How to Make self-rising flour recipe in case you need it.
Blueberry Lemon Muffins air fryer recipe is so easy to make and it’s been a keeper in our family. This recipe makes 12 muffins and the prep only takes about 5 or 6 minutes. I’ve

########
Rank: 9
Score: 65.34798
Retrieved Text: This weekend I made some amazing muffins for breakfast. I am actually impressed on how wonderful they turned out. They are so light, fluffy and has great flavor, plus they are just over 100 calories and less than 1 gram of fat. Take that fatty muffins! I love muffins as a treat and with these muffins I don’t feel guilty what so ever! Oh, the muffins I am sharing with you are my newest member to my muffin collection; Skinny Blueberry Banana Muffins.
These muffins are so good! They do not contain any butter or fat! I made them with greek yogurt for protein boost and moisture. Also the banana also keeps the muffins nice and moist. The muffins have a nice banana flavor and are not overly sweet. I don’t like my muffins to sweet. The blueberries add a nice pop of color and flavor. I love when the blueberries pop in my mouth.
This recipe makes for 17 wonderful, average size muffins and they are rounded out perfectly. I hate when my muffins turn out flat, but not these bad boys. They fluffed up nicely.
The muffins are perfect for serving at brunch or breakfast, but also make a nice on the run breakfast. I froze my muffins and will grab one in the morning to have at work with my coffee. Can’t live without my morning cup of Joe!
I am really pleased with these Skinny Blueberry Banana Muffins. My Husband had no clue they are healthy for you. The texture of the muffins are very nice.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 65.07321
Retrieved Text: Soft and tender bakery style blueberry muffins bursting with fresh berries! My secret ingredient makes these muffins totally irresistible! Blueberry muffins are perfect alongside a hot cup of joe in the morning. Make them regular sized or mini, either way, they’re going to just fly off the plate!
Warm and tender bakery style blueberry muffins just bursting with fresh berries. The smell of these freshly baked muffins tortured me for HOURS this weekend. Okay, so it was a sweet torture, but still. <– Get it! I’m such a dork.
I have a real treat for you today. How many of you guys love blueberry muffins? I see a lot of virtual hands. I don’t know about you, but what I love the most about a good muffin recipe is that the muffins have to have a great crumb. I’ve made this recipe time and time again. and they are seriously the most tender and moist blueberry muffins you will ever experience in your life. That’s quite a statement!
I think it’s safe to say that i’m a little blueberry obsessed this summer. I mean, I did bring you this. And this is always on my list of summer recipes as well. But today I want to bring you a bakery-style blueberry muffin recipe that’s quick and easy to whip up. You can have this on your table in 30 minutes. And only a few things beat warm blueberry muffins with a pat of butter and a hot cup of coffee on a lazy Sunday. I live for days like

########
Rank: 11
Score: 64.29699
Retrieved Text: I make my blueberry muffins the same way. I just have one extra ingredient but other than that they are the same. Great minds think alike Christy. I was going through my recipes yesterday and saw it and thought I need to post it. So funny.... I make my blueberry muffins the same way. I just have one extra ingredient but other than that they are the same. Great minds think alike Christy. I was going through my recipes yesterday and saw it and thought I need to post it. So funny.
I’ve been using the same muffin batter to make blueberry, Still keeping the same tender, moist texture but giving the muffins their signature banana flavor. The rest of my master muffin mix varieties use 1/2 cup of oil. Feel free to use melted coconut oil or … how to make your own presentation folder About recipes search engine. Our website searches for recipes from food blogs, this time we are presenting the result of searching for the phrase moist cornbread muffins using jiffy mix.
Knead the bag until all the dry ingredients are moist, check the corners. Prepare the bag so you can pipe the batter into the muffin cups. Keep the bag closed. how to make muffin top cupcakes You can make a streusel topping onto the top of your blueberry muffins. Make your streusel topping out of butter, brown sugar, and flour. Or try applying cream cheese icing to the top of your blueberry muffins.
We make your perfect blueberry muffins almost weekly in this

########
Rank: 12
Score: 63.977676
Retrieved Text: 10/03/2004�� I need a recipe to make a small quantity of weed muffins( about 4) I'd like to know how much weed i need to put in there to make me reasonably high with 1 muffin... Learn to make marijuana cupcakes and other great pot butter recipes from scratch. Recipes for pot butter, marijuana cupcakes, pot cookies are available. Recipes for pot butter, marijuana cupcakes, pot cookies are available.
Cannabis news, reviews, resources and more delivered by us and aggregated from around the web!... Numerous medical cannabis dispensaries, as well as plenty of coffee shops in Amsterdam that have a knack for baking, carry space cakes, which are literally cakes, muffins, or pastries.
Cannabis Zucchini Muffins. Cannabis infused zucchini muffins are easy to make. My marijuana version is loaded with nutrition so I feel good about eating it.... How To Make Marijuana Blueberry Muffins is a recipe that will walk you through exactly how to make the perfect marijuana treats. Use this step by step recipe guide to make some blueberry muffins with an added medicinal benefit.
These are high in fiber. Like us: facebook.com/cookingwithweed Step by step:...... How to Make Muffins Moist and Fluffy Recently I discovered that if I use sour cream in place of milk in a muffin recipe , I get a super moist, fluffy muffin! The switch is very easy.
Weed Muffins Recipe Step 1: Mix together the oats, flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in a large mixing bowl. Step 2: In a smaller bowl mix together the egg, milk, and marijuana butter.
In this

########
Rank: 13
Score: 63.831406
Retrieved Text: Hi friends! We’re talking about blueberries and blueberry oat muffins today.
Don’t you just love fresh blueberries, especially when they’re in season, making them both affordable and abundant? I do! You can do so much with these little blue morsels.
Blueberries are versatile, sweet, and juicy. Those are wonderful reasons for eating them, but they also score high for their nutritional value. Consider this. One cup of fresh blueberries are relatively low in calories with right around 80 calories. They’re also low in fat, saturated fat, and sodium. Additionally, they’re high in fiber, with 3.6 gm per one cup serving of fresh berries. And they’re a very good source of Vitamin C, Vitamin K, and manganese. Blueberries are also high in antioxidants and anthocyanins. Seeing all that, it makes sense to incorporate them into our diets when they’re available.
, you can substitute white whole wheat flour. The muffins will still be good, just a bit more dense.
My family loves these muffins. They disappear pretty quickly after coming out of the oven. I hope you enjoy them as much as we do!
Note: If using the Master Muffin Mix, just substitute one jar (about 3 1/3 c.) of the mix for the dry ingredients in the recipe below.
Blueberry Oat Muffins - mouthwatering, homemade blueberry muffins filled to the brim with fresh blueberries and whole grains are nourishing and filling.
Preheat oven to 400° F. Prepare muffin tins by spraying bottoms of muffin cups with non-stick pan spray or lining them with paper muffin cups.
In a large bowl, mix together the whole

########
Rank: 14
Score: 63.139717
Retrieved Text: These huge and delicious blueberry muffins are so good, they won’t last long!
It seems that mostly every week I’m seeing sales on all berries, including blueberries. I have been stocking up too!
Blueberries, unlike many other varieties, freeze exceptionally well. Another good feature is that you can use them right out of the freezer without defrosting. In fact, a lot of recipes advise you not to defrost them and use them frozen.
I’ve done that and it works very well. You don’t have to do any prep work for freezing blueberries either. Simply bag them–don’t use a vacuum sealer here as they will crush–and pop them in your freezer.
Blueberries are very mildly flavored so you have to coax more flavor out of them.
One trick to doing that is to add lemon zest. In these muffins, a little goes a long way. I used roughly one tablespoon of lemon zest. I think any more would impart a stronger lemon flavor rather than blueberry flavor. Of course, that’s not really a bad thing and if you want a more lemony tang, then use more.
I felt what I used was just enough to bring out a stronger blueberry taste, which was what I was aiming for.
When it comes to muffins, I like big. That’s what I made here and used “Texas” muffin pans to do it.
There’s just something about a jumbo muffin that makes it a lot more appealing. This is probably why bakery muffins are so huge! Made in the Texas pan, the recipe will make 6 muffins.
These can also

########
Rank: 15
Score: 63.09574
Retrieved Text: Homemade Rustic Blueberry Muffins with Streusel Topping use simple and fresh ingredients. Easy to follow recipe gives you a wonderfully moist and flavorful muffin.
Do you love a great blueberry muffin with plenty of streusel topping?
Each berry season I freeze locally harvested berries to use in recipes all year long. This weekend I made a batch of my Rustic Blueberry Muffins with Streusel Topping. These blueberry muffins are moist, light, and extremely flavorful! They are perfect for breakfast, brunch, or as a treat to carry along on your busy day’s adventures. A decadent rolled oat- streusel topping will have you nibbling on every morsel.
Now, I have to admit, I probably have more baking equipment than most. I love kitchen equipment and utensils. But these muffins don’t require anything fancy. You’ll need a muffin pan and some paper liners. You can even make the batter in a simple bowl and an electric hand mixer. Of course, fresh berries are best. But, if you have plentiful berries in the freezer like me, you’re welcome to use them!
I talked about the difference in baking pans with my Chewy Fudge Brownies. And the same goes for muffins. I’m in LOVE with these muffin pans from Nordicware. And love that this one has a cover, so if you are transporting a bunch of muffins or cupcakes, they won’t get squished. Oh, don’t forget to check out my Yellow Cupcakes with Chocolate Frosting! That’s such a simple and delicious recipe! (if you don’t need the cover, just order the same muffin pan without

########
Rank: 16
Score: 62.10195
Retrieved Text: These Vegan Blueberry Muffins come together in one bowl and are so ridiculously fluffy and delicious!
I’ve teased about these muffins on my Instagram for the past couple of weeks and I’m excited to be sharing them today! This banana blueberry muffin recipe is actually the same recipe as this chocolate chip vegan muffin recipe BUT with blueberries instead of chocolate.
It almost seems silly to share the same recipe twice but I can’t tell you HOW many times people have asked me if they can make the muffins with blueberries. I figured I would just make it an official recipe and put that question to rest. The answer is YES these muffins taste amazing with blueberries. In fact, in a way, I like them significantly more with the blueberries! THEY’RE SO GOOD AND FLUFFY! Easily the BEST Blueberry Muffins I’ve ever made.
Another comment that I often get about the chocolate muffins version of this recipe is how much it tastes like banana. Personally, I love the subtle banana taste that these muffins has but I know that it is not for everyone. If banana muffins are not your thing then you can actually swap the banana out for other purees including apple sauce or even pumpkin/ butternut squash puree. Apple sauce ends up rather tasteless in the muffins but it does make the muffins a bit denser and more moist (but still totally delicious!).
To get the homemade blueberry muffins as FLUFFY as possible, I like to start by sifting all of the dry ingredients in a large

########
Rank: 17
Score: 61.845295
Retrieved Text: This experiment involved following a recipe for blueberry muffins. I decided to give the sweeteners a fair shot and decided to use a recipe for blueberry muffins that was on the back of the box. For this experiment, I made one batch of muffins with sugar, one batch with Splenda and one batch with Equal. I’m curious to see if sugar performs just as well (or perhaps even better) than Splenda even though I am using the recipe that is on the back of the Splenda box and is probrably specially developed with Splenda in mind.
The batter made with sugar was more moist, sticky and similar to a cake batter compared to the batter that was made with Splenda or Equal. It was also a lot easier to mix in the blueberries into this batter since it was more moist and runny. Both of the batters made with Splenda or Equal were dryer and more doughy compared to sugar. Incorporating blueberries into this batter proved to be quite difficult.
This is probably because the sweeteners don’t have the same hygroscopic properties that sugar has. So the batter made with sugar was both more moist and sticky and they also browned slightly more.
The muffins made with sugar were more moist, sticky and tasted sweeter. They also browned more and looked more like a cupcake than a muffin. The muffins made with Splenda and Equal were more dry and the texture resembled more of a scone versus a muffin.
The muffins made with Splenda were sweet but not as sweet

########
Rank: 18
Score: 61.829502
Retrieved Text: The most perfect blueberry muffin recipe ever! These muffins are light and moist, studded throughout with sweet berries, and sprinkled with a crunchy, buttery streusel crumb topping. They’re quick and easy to make, so whip up a batch for breakfast or brunch!
Wow. All I can say is, I really hope you guys like blueberry muffins, because an awful lotta love has gone into this post.
I think my family wants to kill me. I have been force-feeding them blueberry muffins for weeks. And my neighbors too.
This recipe has been tested, tasted, tweaked, and re-tested so many times I’ve completely lost count. But the good news is, I really, really, REALLY think I’ve nailed it.
These are the blueberry muffins of your dreams. They are tender. They are buttery-tasting. They are studded throughout with sweet berries. They are light-as-air, thoroughly encrusted with crumbly streusel, and, well- just look at them!
I hate to toot my own horn, but I mean, come on! Are those not the most gorgeous blueberry muffins? How about the shape on those beauties? Is that not exactly what you’re imagining when that blueberry muffin craving hits?
Blueberry muffins fall into that baking category known as “quick breads.” They are a bread that doesn’t have yeast. Instead, they get their “lift” from baking powder.
Stir the liquid into the dry.
One of the most important things to remember (with all quick breads) is not to overmix the batter. This can develop the glutens in the flour and cause toughness.
It’s ok (it’s actually best!) if there are still a few streaks

########
Rank: 19
Score: 61.41352
Retrieved Text: For years since I started baking from home, I searched for that elusive vanilla cupcake recipe, to no avail.It feels like you can’t please everyone with the very basic vanilla cupcake, right?! Some people may find butter-based cupcakes too heavy and dense; some may find the cupcakes to sweet and lacking in flavor.
These cupcakes must be paired with my favourite American buttercream too!
I usually use Swiss meringue buttercream because it is so silky smooth and fluffy. However when I am feeling lazy, I always fall back on this easy and yummy ABC recipe!
These blueberry glaze baked buttermilk donuts are really just so flavorful!
I love anything-blueberries, and I suppose that’s probably because I was an Enid Blyton’s fan growing up, and I always remember reading about this blueberry pie in one of her books!
When I was old enough to buy my own food (lol), I had to try blueberry-everything! And sure I am loving blueberries!
This blueberry glaze is sooooo delicious, I could eat it on its own! I also love the deep and vibrant purple color, which I think will make these donuts a good choice for potlucks, parties or dessert tables.
I love wholemeal and/or honey bread! These days, I am trying to eat healthier by incorporating more wholegrains in my family’s diet, so I try to add wholemeal flour into my bakes, whenever possible.
You don’t see visible grains from the wholemeal flour here, because I am using Prima’s superfine wholegrain flour. If you prefer the rustic grains, feel free to use the usual wholemeal flour –

########
Rank: 20
Score: 60.839947
Retrieved Text: ...and when you know it's spring break!!!
Words can't explain how excited I am for this year's spring break because.... guess what!?
I'm going to my favorite place ever. A.K.A New Orleans!!!
We're only going for 1 day, but I haven't been in OVER A YEAR, so I cannot wait to wander the crowded, noisy streets and sample pralines and eat amazing food for 24 hours straight.
I'm also thinking about doing a little travel post for it, too... So heads up!
Anyways, back to rainy days. I think I've mentioned this before on here, but I love the rain. Actually, saying 'I love the rain' is an understatement. I almost love it as much as New Orleans. Almost.
Yesterday was one of those rainy days where I got to lounge around for most of the day. There's something about drinking coffee, watching Food Network, and just having an easy, slow weekend morning that is just so comforting. After enjoying what was probably my third cup of coffee, my mom mentioned how she wanted to use some mascarpone in our fridge before it went bad. Then, she mentioned muffins. We went back and forth between the idea of muffins with a mascarpone cream OR muffins with mascarpone in place of butter/oil. We decided on the latter.
The mascarpone made them SO insanely light and moist that they melt in your mouth as you eat them. They are divine.
The blueberries settled to the bottom making it light and fluffy on the top, with a warm, sweet, juicy blueberry filling at the bottom.
Running through the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 60.756092
Retrieved Text: This is hands down the recipe I’ve made the most often, ever. I usually flit from one recipe to the next, but these muffins are here to stay.
I started making them when my son was about one year old and hungry like a bear. I wanted to give him healthy, filling snacks, and muffins seemed a logical solution. Back then, I made these Blueberry Banana Muffins in a mini-size and used baby cereal instead of whole wheat flour, to boost the iron content. Over time, the recipe has evolved to follow his growing up—and now the whole family has these muffins for breakfast pretty much every other day.
To say I’ve baked over a hundred batches of these Blueberry Banana Muffins over the last three years wouldn’t be an exaggeration! They’re also the first recipe I ever made together with my son, which should tell you how easy they are to make. The ingredients list is no-nonsense, and it’s highly likely you already have everything you need on hand to make the muffins—which means you should get to it right away.
You can riff on the recipe and substitute dried cranberries for half of the blueberries, which is something my son often requests we do. Another tip that ensures you can make these muffins at a moment’s notice is to freeze very ripe bananas. They take about 20 minutes to thaw at room temperature, so by the time you’ve preheated the oven and gathered your ingredients, they’re ready to use.
Everyone needs a staple muffin recipe. This is mine,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 60.705017
Retrieved Text: Faaaaavorite blueberry muffins recipe! I made a batch before going to our camp for a few days this week. I went out to the dock to watch the sunrise at 4:25 am with a cup of steaming coffee (it was 45°!) and a gigantic blueberry muffin.
Washington County, Maine produces something like 95% of the world’s wild blueberries, though these days they’re a highly cultivated but still wild in nature plant. The plants are low bush, growing close to the ground which makes raking them a back-straining job. They’re worth it, and since we’re not picking for commercial sale I can stand in one spot and pick all around me before moving. They make an excellent Blueberry Bourbon BBQ sauce as well as muffins.
Cream together room temperature butter and the sugar, and then add eggs, one egg at a time.
Cover the blueberries with 1/2 cup of flour to coat them. Use the flour that doesn't stick to the berries in the rest of the recipe. Coating the berries will keep them from sinking to the bottom of the muffin tin.
Mix in the remaining ingredients *except the floured blueberries*. Don't over mix. Over mixing will cause the finished muffins to be chewier than they should be. By hand, stir in the blueberries.
Butter the muffin tin, including the top, generously. The muffins will rise and spread out. Fill the entire cup with batter. Don't smooth the batter, it will spread and fill in the cup quickly.
If you'd like a crunchy top, sprinkle Turbinado sugar on top before baking. Bake

########
Rank: 23
Score: 60.53594
Retrieved Text: On July 11, have a blueberry muffin for breakfast as it is National Blueberry Muffin Day. By the way, did you know that the blueberry muffin is the official state muffing of Minnesota?
In America, the term “muffin” refers to a quick bread product that is similar to a cupcake in cooking methods and size. Muffins can be sweet (such as banana or blueberry muffins) or savory (such as corn or cheese muffins). They are typically baked in special muffin cups.
The main ingredients of muffin batter are flour and leavening agent other than yeast or eggs (usually baking soda). It has a liquid to dry ratio of about 1:2. Muffins often have additional ingredients stirred in such as chocolate chips, berries, fruit chunks. Blueberry muffin is one of the most popular muffin varieties.
To celebrate National Blueberry Muffin Day, try your hand at baking these delicious muffins. In a small saucepan, combine 1 cup milk, 1/2 cup butter, 1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract, 1 1/2 tsp orange zest. Stir over medium heat until butter melts, let cool, and beat in 2 eggs.
Sift 2 cups flour, 3/4 cup sugar, 2 1/2 tsp baking powder, and 3/4 tsp salt into a bowl. Add milk mixture and stir until blended. Fold in 1 1/2 cups fresh blueberries. Divide batter among 12 muffin cups lined with paper liners. Bake at 400 °F for about 20 minutes.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 60.473362
Retrieved Text: Forget store bought muffins. It is not difficult to make homemade muffins, and the results are so worth the small effort. Blueberries are nutritional powerhouses. So add more to your diet with these decidedly healthy muffins.
Mix dry ingredients. Toss a few spoonfulls of it into the blueberries and toss gently to coat.
In a large mixing bowl, combine wet ingredients except milk. Whisk well and then add milk. Whisk again and then put away the whisk. You are finished with it.
Add dry ingredients and fold a few strokes with a wooden spoon. Stop before it is fully mixed. Add blueberries and gently mix. Stop as soon as the flour is mixed in. Do not over mix, and by all means do not beat. (Muffins get tough when overworked.) This batter is thick.
Spoon batter into the greased muffins tins, using a 1/3 cup measure. That's about how much batter to put into each tin, and it makes scooping it easier.
These muffins, because of the whole wheat flour and honey will be much darker than a white sugar and white flour muffin.
When the muffins test done, allow the pans to cool for 3 minutes. Then remove the muffins from the pans to cool completely on wire racks.
These are great slathered with butter.
These are not a very sweet muffin. For me, they are perfect. I don't like super-sweet baked goods. The tartness of the berries plus the lemon rind makes these only slightly sweet. If you have a sweet tooth, add the additional white sugar.
Blueberries -- Fresh or Frozen?
Which are

########
Rank: 25
Score: 60.465893
Retrieved Text: There is a small farm down yonder from here, that lets you come pick blueberries, blackberries and strawberries every spring and summer. It is so much fun. When I went out there for my blueberries, I enjoyed the sound of these little twin girls running through the bushes, giggling and finding the best “boo berries” for their grandpa. They came running around the bush I was at and we started talking about what they were making with their boo-berries. “Muffffffins” they both chimed.
Now I love blueberries and went out to the farm looking for some blueberries and strawberries so I could make jelly. However, these two little girls excitement for muffins, fed my own desire for some blueberry muffins.
Last week, it was all about blueberry waffles. This week, it’s all about the muffins!!
I don’t know about y’all but every muffin recipe I’ve ever tried or played with, has frozen blueberries. I wanted to try a recipe with fresh ones. I set out to make muffins. Didn’t like those. I set out to make different muffins. Didn’t like those. Finally, I started from scratch, pinched here, added extra stuff there and viola, fresh blueberries blueberry muffins. I think it’s the lemon and the lower temperature on the oven which prevents the fresh berries from bursting, that balance this muffin’s flavor.
Delicious on the go, an enjoyable Saturday morning breakfast or a with a small melted pat of butter as dessert after supper, these muffins are the best.
1 cup (2 sticks) salted real butter softened to room temp.
Using the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 60.43838
Retrieved Text: I was making a batch of Malted Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins for a friend and I had some bananas left.
I didn’t have time to make banana bread, nor did I have time to research what I could make with the bananas and I HAD to use them then or chuck them.
The results were these moist and delicious Chocolate Banana Malted Blueberry Almond muffins!
I really loaded these muffins – you get the juicy blueberries and crunch from the almonds, as well as chocolaty-malty yummy flavors. In addition to all that, I used whole wheat flour instead of plain flour, so these are super healthy muffins as well as super delicious muffins! Why hadn’t I come up with this before??
And they are really easy to put together too! Let me show you how.
In a mixing bowl, add mashed bananas and sugar. Using the paddle attachment, beat this to blend. It does not take long, about 2 minutes. You can also beat this by hand using a balloon whisk.
Add oil and eggs and beat to combine.
Add the dry ingredients in 2 addition and mix until just combined, DO NOT over mix!
Divide the batter into cupcake liners – if you are not using cupcake liners, spray the muffin pans with oil before using. Top with sliced almonds.
Can i use SRF and baking soda need to reduce?
Hi for the malted milk powder, can i use milo?
Hi Lilian yes you can!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 60.309288
Retrieved Text: Here is how you can decorate your very own FIFA themed cupcakes.
You can either bake the muffin yourself or just buy one from a shop nearby. I bought already made muffins. This saves time and effort, enabling you to make other preparations for the big game. So this video shows you how to decorate these muffins into yummilicious FIFA cupcakes.
Take a muffin and decorate it with frosting cream. What I have done here is tried to create a design inspired by my favorite teams' flags.
Brazil: The flag has 2 blue stripes at the top and bottom and a sun in the middle. So to make my Brazil themed cupcake, I made a blue swirl and finished it off with a yellow dot in the middle. It looks really cute.
Argentina: The Argentina flag is green with a yellow diamond in the middle. To represent this on the cupcake, I made 2 rows of green dots on the sides of the cupcake. Then I filled the centre with yellow dots. Easy peasy!
Spain: The spain flag is red and yellow. That's why I bordered the cupcake with red dots and filled the remaining space with a yellow swirl. Classic.
To really pump it up, add actual flags to the cupcakes!
Simply take small print outs of your team's flag.
Top your cupcakes with these flags and tada! Your FIFA cupcakes are ready to be gorged on. Irresistibly yummy and so simple to make!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 60.28678
Retrieved Text: I went blueberry picking yesterday at U-Pick Thornless Blackberries and Blueberries, so today I’m a blueberry baking fool. I made a list last night of everything I want to make with my large stash of blackberries and blueberries. Home style blueberry muffins topped the list. Blueberry pancakes ran a close second. Fresh blue berry cobbler was also a lingering thought. I ate plenty of them straight from the bucket, too. Blueberries are by far my favorite berry followed by ripe strawberries, raspberries, and blackberries.
I planted a couple of blueberry bushes in my garden this year. They’re in containers for now, but I plan on lining one side of my yard with them over the next year. Blueberry bushes aren’t planted directly in the soil. Instead, they are planted in a mound of pine bark mulch, which helps retain moisture around the blueberry plants (read more about growing blueberries in Florida). The best time to plant blueberry bushes in Florida is mid-December to mid-February. It’s too late in the year now. It’s certainly too hot. There are plenty of pick your own blueberry patches in Central Florida, so there’s no shortage of fresh, ripe blueberries.
My home style blueberry muffins recipe makes 18 delicious, blueberry packed muffins. I got up early this morning and baked them while everyone was still sleeping. The aroma of blueberries filled the house rather quickly. All I could think about was eating a warm blueberry muffin with a glass of cold milk.
Two muffins, if truth be told.
My son and his friends stopped by

########
Rank: 29
Score: 60.00428
Retrieved Text: Almost everyone's first and favorite muffin is blueberry. Here are a few twists. Cornmeal adds its ever-pleasing gritty crunchiness, and what cornmeal-loving cook could resist blue cornmeal with blueberries? You can make these with frozen blues (unthawed), but I recommend fresh-to me, blueberry muffins are one of the best wait-for-the-season foods. Since they're so very juicy you might use muffin papers in the tins instead of oiling the tins. Your call (and cleanup).
Blue cornmeal is available at natural foods stores, or online. If you want to take these over the top, serve them with the Blueberry-Cream Cheese-Honey Butter that follows.
Preheat the oven to 425°F. Spray 18 standard-size or 12 large muffin-tin cups with oil, or line the cups with papers.
Stir together the flour, blue cornmeal, salt, baking powder, and baking soda into a large bowl. Set aside.
Cream together the butter and sugar in a small bowl, then beat in the egg, vanilla, and nutmeg.
Stir the creamed mixture into the dry mixture along with the milk, until not quite blended. Then add the blueberries and the walnuts, if using, with just a couple of strokes, so the mixture is just barely combined. Spoon into the prepared muffin cups.
Bake until the edges of the muffins are golden brown and the caps are rounded and also golden, 22 to 27 minutes. Let cool just for a few minutes, then remove from the cups. Serve warm (or rewarm before eating them), with blueberry-cream cheese-honey butter if you like.
NOTE: Why the suggestion of combining low-fat dairy milk and soy milk? Because

================



======= Instance Index 481 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To keep berry and granola layers intact when making Granola Crunch Berry Yogurt Popsicle.

Choice 1: Make sure the final ingredient is the yogurt because it acts as a binder and keeps the granola and berry layers intact

Choice 2: Make sure the final ingredient is the milk because it acts as a binder and keeps the granola and berry layers intact

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 69.44817
Retrieved Text: A Yogurt Berry Parfait makes for a delicious breakfast, snack, or dessert. It feels indulgent, but can actually be quite good for you.
One of my favorite breakfasts is a Yogurt Berry Parfait. I first learned to make one when I worked in a fancy bakery many moons ago. I’m sure that we charged our patrons $5-$6 per serving. But, you can make your own scrumptious version at home for much, much less.
This is the ideal frugal food, provided that you buy the ingredients on sale. I often buy plain yogurt for about 25-40 cents per serving. Oftentimes the flavored varieties are full of junk that you don’t need, like food starch and high fructose corn syrup. I find that by adding fresh fruit to the yogurt, I don’t mind its being plain. There’s quite a bit of taste difference amongst manufacturers, so try several different kinds until you find the brands you like.
The recipe calls for granola. This can be extremely pricey. But, if you make your own granola or find a great cereal deal, you can keep the cost of this dish low. In fact, with coupons and sales, I regularly find granola-type cereals for less than $1. You can also substitute some other type of cereal if you prefer, like Rice Krispies. Be aware that the cereal won’t stay crisp for long, so you’ll have to eat it quickly. Granola holds its crunch much longer.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 68.1357
Retrieved Text: Your kids may already be familiar with ice cream parfaits, but there are a lot of other varieties you can make at home, including healthy varieties. Start off with an easy yogurt and granola breakfast parfait or a breakfast parfait made with cottage cheese. If you've been strawberry or blueberry picking, then you should consider making either the mixed berry parfait or berry cheesecake parfaits. You can't forget dessert! Use homemade custard as the smooth filling instead of ice cream with these recipes for cookies-and-cream pudding parfaits and mini chocolate raspberry cake cups. The best part about parfaits is that your kids can get creative with the ingredients inside – use these recipes as a base and encourage them to put their own spin on it!
Your kids will be all smiles when they wake up to these easy yogurt and granola breakfast parfaits from Completely Delicious. In half-pint jars, add granola and then yogurt, jam, berries – and then repeat.
Here's another breakfast parfait recipe idea from Eating Well. Instead of yogurt as a base, this one calls for low-fat cottage cheese. Top with pineapple or papaya chunks or peaches. Dust with toasted wheat germ for crunch and added nutrition.
Use gelatin to showcase berries so they're suspended right in your parfait glass. Woman's Day's mixed berry parfait recipe includes just three ingredients. The bottom layer has berries mixed with gelatin. Once that layer is firm, top with vanilla pudding and then extra berries. Voila! An impressive, simple dessert that's perfect as a snack, too!
Capture all the flavor

########
Rank: 2
Score: 67.702065
Retrieved Text: White Plains, N.Y.-based The The Dannon Co. Inc. rolls out Activia Parfait Crunch, a blend of creamy Activia lowfat yogurt, fruit pieces, and low-fat crunchy granola. With 220 calories and 3g of fat per 6-oz cup, Activia Parfait Crunch offers consumers a convenient choice to add to their breakfast or a delicious snack option that helps naturally regulate the digestive system.
Activia contains the unique probiotic culture Bifidus Regularis (Bifidobacterium lactis DN 173 010) and helps regulate the digestive system when consumed daily for two weeks as part of a balanced diet and healthy lifestyle. That's why The Activia Promise encourages people to experience the benefits of Activia firsthand. If consumers are not satisfied after eating the product, Dannon will refund up to $12.00 (see terms and conditions on Activia products and www.activiapromise.com.
Varieties include Strawberry & Granola, Mixed Berry & Granola, Vanilla & Granola, and Peach & Granola.
"Activia Parfait Crunch blends sweet, refreshing fruit low-fat yogurt with granola to give you a creamy and crunchy snack," says Philippe Guerra, senior brand manager at Dannon. "We're offering the Activia Promise because we want everyone to love the way they feel when they try our flavorful products and see for themselves how Activia helps them."
Suggested retail price for a single-serve 6-oz cup with granola topping is $1.29.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 62.166553
Retrieved Text: This Good Morning Smoothie Bowl with Granola is a fun, simple way to get your family’s morning off to a great start!
Think of this Good Morning Smoothie Bowl as a simplified smoothie bowl. Don’t get me wrong, I love a good smoothie bowl, but when it comes to the weekday family breakfast, there isn’t much time for creating fancy schmancy smoothie bowls decorated with 10 different ingredients from hemp seeds to sliced figs.
What I love about this smoothie bowl is that it’s nutrient-packed without being fussy. Simply blend together the smoothie and top with a wholesome, low-sugar granola and 1 type of fresh berry or other fruit that you have on hand.
The simplicity and beauty of this smoothie bowl also appeals to kids. They won’t think about the fact that they are getting more than a serving of fruit, a dose of gut-friendly probiotics, and omega-3 fatty acid filled chia seeds. You could certainly add a handful of greens to the smoothie if you insist, but sometimes it’s fun to be just to let that strawberry pink hue shine through!
Need some granola recommendations? My family loves my homemade granola, as well as Chappaqua Crunch Granola, Purely Elizabeth Granola, and Go Lean Crunch.
This smoothie granola bowl is sure to make for a good morning! Simple and fuss-free, it's a delicious breakfast your whole family will love.
Combine kefir, yogurt, frozen strawberries, frozen banana, and chia seeds in a high-speed blender and process on high until smooth.
Portion into 2 bowls and top with fresh berries and granola. Garnish with

########
Rank: 4
Score: 59.550175
Retrieved Text: Say hello to my new breakfast friend – Crunch Berry Granola. Being incredibly summer here, I like my post-workout morning breakfast to be a bowl of chilled yogurt topped with a generous amount of homemade granola. The big beautiful flavors from the granola is a perfect example of yummy and healthy food.
An easy recipe which you can mess around and cook with your lil one. While making the granola, my entire house was filled with a heavenly aroma. The concoction of crunchy toasted granola and the nutty almonds is studded with dried berries and chia seeds and spice mix. The mild sweetness from the agave nectar (Yes, you can use honey!) was deeply satisfying. The textural pop from this homemade granola makes you crave for it during breakfast and even mid day snacking each day!
Seeing my lil one enjoy this granola completely swooned me. Its simple, its comforting and yummier than store bought granola. So just when you thought of going healthy and bringing some variety to your breakfast table, this recipe is at your call and will become your absolute favorite in the kitchen.
Feel free to play with different flavors you love!
Line a baking tray with parchment/ baking paper and keep aside. Preheat the oven to 150C for atleast 10 minutes.
Meanwhile mix oats, slivered almonds, dried berries and chia seeds in a bowl and keep aside.
In another bowl mix melted butter, vanilla extract, orange zest, cinnamon powder, salt and agave nectar and whisk it well to ensure all the ingredients are well incorporated.
Now pour the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 58.531418
Retrieved Text: As we approach the middle of August, I come to the sad realization that the summer is officially dwindling down. Soon the humid air that makes us crave refreshing dishes will be a thing of the past and we’ll being clinging to warm, savory foods as the crisp chill of fall rolls in. As an attempt to fulfill those last few cravings for refreshing, cooling treats I’ve decided to focus the remainder of August on creating fun flavored popsicles.
This peach parfait popsicle is a great and healthy treat to jump start your day. It’s packed with peaches, blueberries, vanilla yogurt, and topped with granola.
Start of by making both the peach puree and blueberry puree. Peel and remove the pits from the three peaches. Cut up into slices. Place in the food processor with 1 tbls of superfine sugar. Puree until smooth. Place in a bowl, set aside.
Wash blueberries and place in clean food processor with the remaining 1 tbls of superfine sugar. Puree until smooth.
To layer the popsicles, first start off with a thin layer of granola at the bottom. Then alternate between the vanilla yogurt, peach puree, and blueberry puree. You can mix up the layers to your liking. Add granola again at the top of the glass and place popsicle sticks into the middle of the molds. We made jumbo popsicles and used two straw for double the strength when eating.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 58.42317
Retrieved Text: Start your day with a bowl of creamy Greek yogurt topped with a variety of fruit, grains, nuts, and seeds – wholesome and nutritious!
Plain Greek yogurt is low in calories and packed with calcium and live bacterial cultures. It’s also higher in protein than regular yogurt. A 6-ounce serving contains around 15 to 20 grams of protein. Add fresh fruit, nuts and a spoonful of grains (great sources of more protein, fiber, vitamins, and antioxidants), and you have an energy-packed bowl of deliciousness to start your day right.
Experiment with texture and flavour. For those who prefer something more savoury than sweet in the morning, the tangy taste of Greek yogurt blends well with many herbs (fresh mint, basil, cilantro, thyme or dill) and seasonings (fresh roasted garlic, pesto, curry, chili flakes, cayenne pepper, coarse salt). Add quinoa, amaranth, or leftover cooked whole grains instead of granola or muesli and grilled or roasted vegetables instead of fruit. Pistachio nuts, pumpkin seeds, roasted sunflower seeds, chia seeds, roasted chickpeas, and pine nuts all add a welcome crunch.
Try some of our favourite combinations below, or have fun creating your own!
Avocado Cream Parfait – Puree avocado slices with a little Greek yogurt and a dash of lemon or orange juice. In a glass, add a few tablespoons of cereal (corn or bran flakes) and chopped walnuts. Add a dollop of avocado cream followed by a dollop of plain Greek yogurt. Top with a sprinkling of chopped walnuts and pistachios.
Super Bowl – Top one cup of Greek yogurt with 1/4 cup

########
Rank: 7
Score: 57.841545
Retrieved Text: If you’ve been craving a way to start off your mornings with something healthy and sweet, this Berry Dark Chocolate Crunch Yogurt Parfait is exactly what you need!
Not only do you get chocolate for breakfast (OMG!), but you also get to feel good because it’s healthy as well!
Talk about a win/win to start off your day!
Do you ever get tired of eating the same thing for breakfast over and over again? Because mornings can get a bit crazy and rushed, we go through A LOT of cereal at my house.
This morning, wanting to break away from tradition, I decided to kick breakfast up a notch making up this gem. Let me tell you…it was an absolute hit!
First, gather up all your ingredients.
It’s not too many ingredients, right?
Continue alternating the layers for 3-4 turns.
Once you get to the top of the dish or cup, garnish top of parfait with berries, dark chocolate morsels, and a pinch of cinnamon.
And just like that…you’re done!
Working long shifts at the hospital, my husband rarely gets the opportunity to eat during the day – that’s why it’s crucial to make sure he enjoys a tasty and healthy breakfast each morning.
Although he wasn’t too thrilled that I took a picture of him eating his breakfast this morning, he gave this Berry Dark Chocolate Crunch Yogurt Parfait roaring reviews!
Q: Can you make a yogurt parfait with milk chocolate instead?
A: Yes! Just keep in mind that dark chocolate has been known to have more added health benefits which is why we choose to use it

########
Rank: 8
Score: 56.985394
Retrieved Text: Blended organic acai strawberry, banana, topped with banana, mango, berry, kiwi, granola and chia. Includes purple berry from the amazon powerful antioxidant, healthy omegas and high fiber.
Blended organic acai, blueberry banana,r topped with banana strawberry, mango, kiwi, granola, chia, and two layers of almond butter drizzle. Includes purple berry from the Amazon powerful antioxidant, healthy omegas and high fiber.
Blended organic acai, blueberry banana, topped with banana strawberry, mango, kiwi, granola, chia and two layers of peabutter drizzle. Includes purple berry from the Amazon powerful antioxidant, healthy omegas and high fiber.
Prepared with non-dairy milk. Includes free bubble.
Kale, spinach, orange, grapefruit and apple. Energizing, cleaning and healing.
Carrot, beet, apple, ginger and lemon. Energizing, cleaning and healing.
Carrot, orange, pineapple, ginger and cayenne pepper. Energizing, cleaning and healing.
Mint, grapefruit, orange and pineapple. Energizing, cleaning and healing.
Carrot, celery, spinach, apple, lemon and ginger. Energizing, cleaning and healing.
Kale, spinach, celery, cucumber, green apple and lemon. Energizing, cleaning and healing.
Kale, beet, pineapple, green apple, lemon and ginger. Energizing, cleaning and healing.
Kale, spinach, pineapple, green apple and mint. Energizing, cleaning and healing.
Organic turmeric, carrot, beet, kale, spinach, apple and lemon. Energizing, cleaning and healing.
Kale, Swiss chard, spinach, green apple, lemon and mint. Energizing, cleaning and healing.
Kale, spinach, pineapple, banana and coconut mix. High protein, high fiber and antioxidant.
Kale, spinach, mango, pineapple, banana and passion fruit. High protein, high fiber and antioxidant.
Kale, spinach, mango, pineapple, banana, coconut milk and coconut oil. High protein, high fiber and antioxidant.
Avocado, spinach, cucumber, banana and almond milk. High protein, high fiber and antioxidant.
Mango, pineapple, banana, orange and coconut water.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 56.964195
Retrieved Text: This gorgeous breakfast tart is perfect for brunch or special occasions. It's made with wholesome ingredients and is free of gluten, dairy, and refined sugar!
Preheat oven to 325º. Lightly grease a 9–10" fluted tart pan and set aside. If you don't have a tart pan, you can use a springform pan or just shape the crust into a large circle on a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Place oats, nuts, coconut, cocoa powder, and salt into the bowl of a food processor. Pulse a few times, until mixture is blended. Pulse in oil, sweetener, and chia seeds, blending just until combined. Careful not to over-blend. Mixture should still be coarse and granola-like.
Pour mixture into the prepared pan and press firmly into the bottom and sides of the tart pan. Place tart pan onto a baking sheet and then into the preheated oven for 20–25 minutes, just until granola is lightly toasted and fragrant. Let cool completely before removing from the pan.
Mix together yogurt and ground dehydrated berries. Add sweetener (to taste) if necessary. You can also use a pre-mixed berry yogurt from the store.
Once the granola crust is completely cooled, carefully remove from the pan. Slide an offset spatula under the crust to gently separate from the bottom of the pan and set onto the serving plate.
Top with berry yogurt and fresh berries. You can also add chocolate chunks or shavings if desired. Tart is better when served right away.
You can prepare the crust and yogurt ahead of time and assemble when needed. A fully cooled crust can be

########
Rank: 10
Score: 56.915936
Retrieved Text: What’s better than a crunchy, fruity, creamy, satisfying breakfast? Fruit has always been one of my favorite breakfast foods because the sweet tanginess of fresh fruit wakes me right up, even before I have my coffee made. But of course a little fruit alone is far from enough food for my morning meal so this breakfast granola and berry parfait has become one of my new favorite go-to breakfasts.
Using frozen mixed berries means you’ll save a little time in the morning – no washing and cutting needed! – and you’ll get an assortment of berries without having to worry that you won’t eat them all before they go bad. Sometimes during the summer or early fall when berries are in season, I will over-buy and then prep the extra and put them in the freezer to use in recipes just like this one. You get the lower costs of in-season berries and you know they are fresh-frozen because you did it yourself!
These parfaits are made with my favorite Paleo granola recipe. I make the granola ahead of time over the weekend and then I can throw together these parfaits without too much trouble in the morning. Of course, you can use your own Paleo granola recipe, if you have one, but remember to stay away from store bought granola, as most kinds of store bought granola aren’t Paleo-friendly. There are exceptions to this, however, so read your labels and know what to look for.
You’ve probably seen similar parfaits before, made with yogurt, but since we stay

########
Rank: 11
Score: 56.687496
Retrieved Text: Congratulations to Meaghan for winning this giveaway!
We have an awesome giveaway and a 50% off discount today sponsored by Naturebox! We’ve been Naturebox fans for more than a year now and to celebrate these healthy snack habits we are giving away a free YEAR of Naturebox subscriptions to one lucky reader!
They send the perfect mix of savory and sweet options. All can be eaten straight out of the bag or added to meals. Granola and yogurt, sea-weed rice pops on top of a salad, really there’s no limit to what these bags can provide! We used them most recently in addition with healthy smoothies during a family-friendly cleanse earlier this month and they were a life-saver.
A new feature they’ve added is their Snack Catalog, where you can go and actually select the snacks you want delivered for those who have more specific dietary preference, or simply know what your kids like to snack on (Fuji apple slices).
Head to Naturebox and pick your favorite snack and tell us in the comments.
For extra entries you can also follow Naturebox on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest.
If you’re feeling really motivated you can follow us as well!
A winner will be announced January 29th and must have a shipping address in the United States. Good luck!!
I choose the Acai Berry Crunch!
I’d love the chipotle chickpeas!
The baked sweet potato fries look delicious!
I would love to try the acai berry crunch! or even the salted caramel pretzel pops!
Peanut Butter NomNoms. Seriously? This sounds amazing.
So many delicious options! Peppery chickpeas would definitely be a great

########
Rank: 12
Score: 56.250465
Retrieved Text: Try these Greek Yogurt Pops.
In a large cup with a spout, combine yogurt and enough milk to thin out the yogurt so it can be poured into the molds. Swirl strawberry preserves into yogurt mixture, taking care not to combine well.
Fill the molds one-third full with the yogurt mixture. Slide 2 strawberry slices into each. Add ½ tbsp granola to each. Next, fill up the mold almost to the top with more yogurt, leaving just a little room at the top.
Put an ice-pop stick in the center and add ½ tbsp of granola to each mold. Press granola into the yogurt so it adheres. Cover and freeze until solid, at least 2 hours, but preferably longer. When removing pops from molds, it is helpful to run tepid water on the outside of the mold for a few seconds first.
Studies show that berries can reduce the risk of heart disease and cancer, and what better way to enjoy them than in berry ice pops laced with rich Greek yogurt.
Clean frozen pops can be a challenge to find, but we’ve got you covered with these chocolate-drizzled mango lime pops, infused with ginger and sweetened with just raw honey, for an easy-to-make summer treat.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 55.576584
Retrieved Text: Beat the heat with these three ingredient strawberry yogurt popsicles with bits of granola. Each bar is layered with fresh fruit, protein, probiotics and under 100 calories!
Strawberry yogurt popsicles are your healthy frozen treat solution! Besides standing next to an open refrigerator on a hot day, these cold refreshing popsicles are the best way to beat the summer heat.
With temperatures rising, instead of indulging in scoops of heavy ice cream, prepare this healthier dessert option to satisfy your sweet tooth without going overboard on the calories. Adding fresh seasonal berries or fruit to your favorite yogurt is a quick and easy way to customize a healthy popsicle.
I’ve been looking for popsicles that I would feel good about feeding to my family. Unfortunately, I’ve been disappointed with the supermarket selections. Store-bought varieties are either packed with sugar, high fructose corn syrup or artificial color.
Popsicle Mold: I love making popsicles with my Norpro Ice Pop Maker that I purchased on Amazon. If you are looking to make some fancy popsicles with the latest popsicle technology, Zoku brand popsicle molds are also a good option.
Fruit and Yogurt: Local strawberries have been super sweet this season, so I used my Vitamix Blender to create a blend with vanilla yogurt. You can use any berries or yogurt you like. Greek-style yogurt works well for some extra protein and probiotics!
Reducing Added Sugar: Yogurt can be pretty high in added sugar, so I make sure to read the nutritional labels. I often chose one that has been naturally sweetened with stevia to add

########
Rank: 14
Score: 55.058926
Retrieved Text: This recipe for simple granola will convince you to never buy granola again! I’ll teach you How to make Granola in a few easy steps, easily adaptable to your favorite nuts and spices.
I eat yogurt almost every morning. My favorite flavor for the past couple of years has been Chobani’s Dark Cherry Greek yogurt. I try to keep it on hand at all times in the fridge and love to top yogurt with a bit of homemade granola. Don’t you love the contrast of crunchy granola to creamy yogurt? I get on a roll and make granola for a while, and then run out and find myself staring at the granola in the cereal aisle wondering which will taste most like home made. Once you learn how to make granola at home, the grocery store version never quite measures up!
Making granola is simple. It’s a matter of mixing ingredients together either in a bowl or right on a baking pan, pouring honey and a bit of oil that has been heated onto the ingredients in a pan and baking for about an hour. That’s it! Why I ever let myself run out of homemade is a mystery to me (insert thinking emoji here). Why are there no emojis on blogposts?!
This recipe is adapted from the Four Seasons Hotel in Beverly Hills, CA. I changed up the recipe and simplified it a bit so it’s quick and easy to throw a batch together. I use a pre made cereal that has lots of goodies included to help

########
Rank: 15
Score: 54.083088
Retrieved Text: Turn this dessert into a quick and satisfying breakfast or lunch.
Toss together the blueberries, raspberries, and orange liqueur in a small bowl; set aside.
Combine the orange juice, sugar, and cornstarch in a small saucepan; add the blueberry mixture. Cook, stirring, until the mixture boils and thickens, about 1 minute. Remove the saucepan from the heat and let cool slightly.
Place a 1/2-cup scoop of the frozen yogurt into each of 4 goblets or dessert dishes. Spoon about 1/4 cup of the berry mixture on top and serve at once. Yields 1/2 cup frozen yogurt and 1/4 cup berry mixture per serving.
Spoon vanilla fat-free yogurt (not frozen) into a goblet, and alternately layer with the berry mixture and reduced-fat granola. Add fresh sliced peaches or nectarines, if you like.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 53.99348
Retrieved Text: We are serial eaters of this satisfyingly crunchy, subtly sweet & wholefood packed Maple Paleo Granola. Pimp your breakfast bowl with this deluxe trail mix, sprinkle on your desserts & baking, or enjoy it on its own as a snack. Making your own granola is cost-effective, super easy (takes no more than 20 minutes and lasts 2 weeks), tastes better and contains only the wholesome, good stuff.
1. Preheat your oven to 180C and prepare two baking trays.
2. Add all your dry ingredients except for linseeds, chia seeds, hemp seeds, and Acai Berry Blend in a large bowl and stir until combined.
3. Combine coconut oil, vanilla bean paste and maple syrup (if using) in a separate bowl, whisking well.
4. Add your wet mixture to the dry, stirring well ensuring that your dry ingredients are well coated.
5. Divide your mixture between the two baking trays and place in oven for 10-15 minutes, keep an eye on your granola from about 10 minutes to ensure it doesn’t burn, you want it to be a lovely golden-brown colour.
6. Remove from the oven when ready and while cooling stir through your linseeds, chia seeds and hemp seeds.
7. To serve, scoop out desired amount of coconut yoghurt and sprinkle Acai Berry Blend to taste preference, top with granola.
Note: Your delicious granola should last in an airtight container in the fridge for about 2 weeks, if you can make it last that long.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 53.92916
Retrieved Text: Snacks. They are totally my weakness. I am almost always on the go so snacks tend to become my meals and meals never actually happen. I always look for snacks that are easy to carry along with me and taste great. If they have a little crunch and sweetness to them, like this triple berry granola, then the snack is a total winner.
Back in September, I quietly set about doing Whole 30 for the month. I post a few snippets here and there on Instagram but I definitely wasn’t shouting to the world that I was immersed in a whole month of new eating habits. During the month, I craved granola because I could no longer have my delicious granola bars that had become snack staples in my life. Of course, being September, I needed pumpkin too so this paleo pumpkin granola was born.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 53.596222
Retrieved Text: Jason and I both love granola bars, but most of the store bought ones have.. well, you know what I’m going to say. 🙂 9 times out of 10 the healthiest foods are made at home. So I decided to try making my own granola bars. After searching for a healthy granola bar recipe I realized that I had LOTS of choices!
So I picked out a bunch that sounded yummy and put them all together into a healthy granola bar recipe roundup!
From The Spiced Life comes Molasses and Ginger Granola Bars.
From It Takes Time: 2 Ingredient Gluten Free Granola Bars.
From Big Bear’s Wife: Chocolate Chip Craisin Bars.
From Always Order Desert: Chewy Granola Bars with Hazelnuts and Chocolate.
From Yours Truly: Peanut Butter Energy Bars.
From Minimalist Baker: Brownie Granola Bars.
From Super Healthy Kids: Quinoa Coconut Granola Bars.
From Live Simply: No Bake Granola Bars.
From Intoxicated on Life: Grain and Gluten Free Granola Bars.
From The Pancake Princess: Soft No-Bake Chocolate Granola Bars.
From the Messy Baker Blog: Very Berry Chewy Granola Bar.
From BakeOlogy by Lisa: Homemade KIND Bars.
From Half Baked Harvest: Blueberry Vanilla Greek Yogurt Granola Bars.
From Amy’s Healthy Baking: Chewy Raspberry Apple Granola Bars.
From Roxana’s Home Baking: Simply Healthy Granola Bars.
From My Whole Food Life: Pumpkin Granola Bars.
What a great list! Thanks for including me–pinning for future reference!
Thank you so much for including my Chewy Raspberry Apple Granola Bars! You found some really incredible recipes. They’re so perfect for when school starts and curbing afternoon snack cravings!
You’re welcome! I haven’t tried yours yet but they looked so yummy!
Amazing list! I

########
Rank: 19
Score: 53.48588
Retrieved Text: Entrusted Heritage: What's for Breakfast?
If you're like me, there are mornings when allowing the kids to have cold cereal is the easiest way to start the day. Whether it's been a long night (say, up with the baby) or it will be a long day...cold cereal CAN be healthy! It's called: granola! The great news is that you can make it yourself, adding wholesome and nutritious ingredients while tailoring it to your family's nutritional needs. Don't believe me? Read on!
I've created lots of different variations of granola for our family: "Pum-Berry Granola" (full of yummy raw pumpkin seeds and cranberries), "Fall Harvest" (with maple, pecans and apples), "Almond-Cherry," "Tropical" (mangoes and coconut), and "Cinnamon Bun" (cinnamon, nuts, and honey). Mmmmmm!
Granola is one of the most versatile foods in my opinion. You can use it to top your homemade yogurt or Greek yogurt, as a streusel topping (with butter added), or as an addition to fruit desserts like baked apples or fruit salad. The possibilities are truly endless.
The most important thing to know about making granola is the ratio of wet/dry ingredients. I learned this from one of the best "cooking-from-scratch" recipe books, More With Less! Knowing this, and the basic method, you can change ingredients and tweak the recipe to your own taste. The dry ingredients would mostly be made up of your oats, of course, but could also include nuts, seeds, freshly ground flax seeds, wheat germ or bran, unsweetened coconut, wheat flour, other fresh whole grain flours, spices. The wet can include your choice

########
Rank: 20
Score: 53.391994
Retrieved Text: I used to think that coffee-making is an easy task. Like you have to plant and harvest some beans, grind them using a machine or process them using a coffee press and voila, you get some powdered flavour ready for consumption. Well not until last month when I got the chance to be my own barista.
Hello, I’m a Coffee Master. Oops, just kidding!
A few weeks ago, I got the opportunity to join Starbucks Coffee College, an immersive coffee journey that took me through the diverse flavors of coffee and the different ways to make it. The goal was for us (bloggers and media participants) to experience a different kind of food pairing – coffee paired with every dish in a four-course meal. Alongside the experience was bits of learning about coffee, the fundamentals of brewing and the different machines and techniques in producing a brewed drink.
I know pairing coffee with a full course meal sounds odd. Imagine a citrusy-fruity entree, Petite Mesclun and Raspberry Salad, paired with Starbucks Cold Brew Coffee? I was kinda hesitant at first but surprisingly, I enjoyed every bit of this combo. The strong kick of coffee complements the sweet and sour notes of this dish and every layer of the salad mixes well with the bitterness of the drink.
We were also served with a sumptuous entree – Sous Vide Angus Beef with Almond Gouda Crumbs, paired with the Starbucks Kati-Kati Blend. The dish featured a beef laid on top of a dark chocolate demi-glace – yup, some real, glorious CHOCOLATE sauce

########
Rank: 21
Score: 53.040417
Retrieved Text: Checkout this awesome and easy yogurt parfait popsicle recipe. Think of this as a nice healthy breakfast on a stick.
Divide yogurt #1 among paper cups. Layer granola over yogurt. In a small bowl, combine strawberries and blueberries and pour over granola. Top with yogurt #2. Freeze for one hour. Push Popsicle stick into each pop and place back in freezer until frozen solid. Enjoy!
After frozen solid, remove from molds, wrap each in wax paper, and place in gallon freezer bag. Label and return to freezer. To Serve: Do not thaw. Remove from freezer and enjoy!
« Is It Worth Hiring A Personal Trainer?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 52.195232
Retrieved Text: I’ve been reaching for yogurt for breakfast and an any-time snack for a few months now. Those prepackaged fruit in a cup yogurts make me uneasy so I mix up my own at home.I go for the Fage Total yogurt whenever I’m at the grocery store then I mix it up with other stuff depending on what I’m in the mood for. This morning I added some mixed berry preserves, orange blossom honey, a pinch of sea salt (oh yeah!), a pinch of cocoa powder, breakfast granola, and some blueberries. It’s crazy how delicious this! If you leave out the granola, you can put this in the freezer for a few hours and end up with some killer froyo.
If you’re reaching for yogurt as a health snack, make sure it says Live Cultures on the label. I don’t know what’s in the other stuff but you’re not getting the probiotic that aids in digestion and good gut bacteria if it doesn’t say live or active cultures on the label. Eat Up! by eating healthy.
Here’s a few other benefits of yogurt (from Web MD); may help prevent osteoporosis, may reduce the risk of high blood pressure, yogurt with active cultures helps the gut and may discourage vaginal infections, and may help you feel fuller. The last item there was what my doctor mentioned when he suggested I make some tweaks to my diet. I was trying the keto thing where eating lots of animal fats (bacon) in the morning will keep you fuller through the day. Yeah

########
Rank: 23
Score: 52.18409
Retrieved Text: Snackle Mouth is a company that makes granola nut clusters in different flavors. I love granola and I love nuts so I knew that this would be a good product to try out. One of the things that first made me interested in this company is the unique boxes. As you can see in the picture above, they have some fun and crazy looking boxes!
I was sent 5 boxes of these granola nut clusters to try. Some of the flavors include bacon maple, peanut cranberry, and almond pecan maple. Of course I always want to try the one that seems the most unique first so I tried the bacon maple. It was very good. The clusters are a nice size and do not crumble apart like you might expect with granola. Each piece contained a whole almond which I thought was great. These were crunch and tasty. I also tried the peanut cranberry which was perfectly sweet and a bit salty.
These are made of all natural and organic ingredients. One serving of the bacon maple is 180 calories, 5 grams of protein, and 3 grams of fiber. They are quite low in sugar with only 5 grams per serving. I will be eating these for a mid-morning snack where I try to get a balance between carbohydrates and protein. They are tasty and will help perk up my morning. For a tasty, sweet treat, check out Snackle Mouth!
I definitely want the Bacon Maple!!!
want to try the Bacon Maple.
Almond Berry Nut would be my #1 pick!
Visit www.snacklemouth.com

########
Rank: 24
Score: 51.676414
Retrieved Text: Supporting the trend for functional products and the image of Epica as a trendsetter of flavors in the category, Ehrmann added a flip-yoghurt with crunch to the Epica line. We were commissioned to create a design and naming of the sub-lines for the fashion novelty.
Crunchy granola - the perfect breakfast and a storehouse of vitamins! A rich, high protein yogurt is a great addition. This common good habit gave the idea to create a 2 in 1 product under the brand Epica, which is not yet presented on the Russian market - flip-yoghurt with a crunch. We had to preserve the continuity and recognition of the Epica brand, focusing on the crisp component and its functionality.
The separation of the filling and yogurt into two separate compartments allows you to keep a pleasant crunch.
It is this feature of the product that is emphasized in naming: “crispy” perfectly conveys the organoleptics of baked granola, and its elegant outline gives the impression of lightness and airiness of yogurt.
yogurt with caramel + crunch from almonds, hazelnuts in caramel and seeds.
The tastes themselves suggest that this is not standard muesli, dominated by oatmeal, but an extraordinarily tasty supplement with a variety of mouth-watering ingredients. To demonstrate the composition of each product, we chose the top view or “top view” technique, often used on Instagram for food photography.
This technique favorably highlights all the delicious components of crunch. The diagonal and layering provide a clear understanding of what constitutes a product and the proportions of crunch and yogurt, allowing you to simultaneously show

########
Rank: 25
Score: 51.606453
Retrieved Text: AT JORDANS THEY BELIEVE IF SOMETHING’S WORTH DOING, IT’S WORTH DOING PROPERLY AND WITH 40 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE, THEY ARE PASSIONATE ABOUT MAKING TASTY GRANOLA THE RIGHT WAY. BUT DON'T JUST TAKE THEIR WORD FOR IT - TRY THEIR TASTY GRANOLA FOR YOURSELF! They have 1000 bags to give away. Click to find out how you could get a bag of Jordans Super Berry Granola.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 51.236343
Retrieved Text: These healthy three ingredient Yogurt Parfait Breakfast Popsicles are a quick breakfast. These popsicles are gluten-free, vegan, and are easy to make!
Evenly divide the berries between the popsicle molds. Pour over the yogurt, and use a popsicle stick to move the berries around, allowing the yogurt to make it to the bottom of the molds and surround the berries.
Top with granola, and insert popsicle sticks. Freeze overnight.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 50.95336
Retrieved Text: Browsing Recipes similiar to Granola Berry Breakfast.
Crunchy version of a chocolate chip cookie but with granola. Need to use Granola recipe titled. Granola for Granola chocolate chip cookies.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 50.713818
Retrieved Text: ‘Tis the season for warm, comfort foods. Granola is no exception, especially this homemade coconut chai granola. With nutty coconut, crunchy pumpkin seeds, buttery extra virgin coconut oil and earthy chai spice, this coconut chai granola is packed with flavour and is sure to be a family hit.
1. Serve over Greek yogurt.
2. Make a parfait by layering the granola with Greek yogurt and fresh berries.
3. Add to cereal for extra crunch and flavour.
4. Use as a topping for frozen yogurt or ice cream.
5. Add into pancake or waffle batter.
6. Mix with other dried nuts, fruits, and seeds.
7. Use as a filling for crepes.
8. You can add extra dried fruit such as dates, raisins, apricots and apples to granola as well as nuts such as slivered almonds.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Heat the coconut oil and honey in a microwave on high heat for about 1 minute or until melted. Stir to combine. Combine all the ingredients (minus the pumpkin seeds) in a large mixing bowl and mix with a large wooden spoon until all the oats are coated with the wet ingredients.
Pour the granola onto a large baking sheet lined with parchment paper then spread the granola mixture evenly in the pan. Cook for 30-35 minutes, tossing every 5-7 minutes or until lightly golden. Remove immediately from the oven and set aside to cool. Store in an air tight container in the pantry for up to 2 months.
I’ve been wanting to try homemade granola. I’m going to put these items on my shopping list and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 50.367325
Retrieved Text: Our new Gluten Free Selections Summer Berries Granola is like sunshine for your taste buds! Really, gluten free that tastes this good? Yes. In fact, our gluten free products are favorites of folks everywhere. Why? Because they flat-out taste terrific! Ingredients like deliciously ripe organic strawberries, raspberries, blueberries and creamy Greek yogurt chunks mixed with gluten free and wheat free whole grain oats, all in our convenient zip top pouch. And because we’re Nature’s Path, they’re also organic, non-GMO and free of all those synthetic preservatives and additives. Look for our Gluten Free Selections granola bars and cereals too! You and your taste buds will celebrate!
Gluten free rolled oats*, evaporated cane juice*, sunflower oil*, yogurt chips* (sugar*, palm kernel oil*, non-fat milk powder*, lactic acid, soy lecithin*, salt, vanilla*), rice starch*, freeze-dried blueberries*, freeze-dried berry blend* (freeze-dried strawberries*, freeze-dried raspberries*), sea salt, natural flavor, tocopherols (Vitamin E). *Organic. Contains soy and dairy. Produced in a facility that uses tree nuts and peanuts. Vegetarian.

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to make Caramel Chocolate chip Girl Scout Cookie Vanilla Ice cream at home.

Choice 1: In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled Caramelized Onions, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk 1 teaspoon Vanilla extract.  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Stir in 1 1/2 cups Caramel Chocolate Chip Girl Scout cookies (Sliced in 3/4" strips or crumbles)  and 1/2 cup Chocolate chips.  Transfer mixture to two 8x8x2 inch baking pans. Freeze about 8 hours until firm.

Choice 2: In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk 1 teaspoon Vanilla extract.  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Stir in 1 1/2 cups Caramel Chocolate Chip Girl Scout cookies (Sliced in 3/4" strips or crumbles)  and 1/2 cup Chocolate chips.  Transfer mixture to two 8x8x2 inch baking pans. Freeze about 8 hours until firm.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 67.98158
Retrieved Text: Double chocolate cookie with dark chocolate ice cream.
Double chocolate cookie with vanilla ice cream.
M&M sugar cookie with vanilla ice cream.
Chocolate chip cookie with strawberry ice cream.
Peanut butter chocolate cookie with dark chocolate ice cream.
Chocolate chip cookies with dark chocolate chip ice cream.
Chocolate-mint cookie with fresh mint ice cream.
Sugar cookie with vanilla ice cream.
A "magically delicious" 7 layer graham cracker, chocolate and coconut confection.
A melt in your mouth crust made with hazelnut and almond flours, with a touch of cinnamon, filled with raspberry jam.
Fudge brownies with ooey gooey caramel swirled in sprinkled with sea salt.
chewy white chocolate brownie with white chocolate chips and hazelnuts.
The original sinful chocolate fudge bar with a dash of delicious walnuts.
The ultimate in classic decadence. A rich and gooey chocolate fudge bar.
Pecans, honey and a sugar dough crust make this an all-time favorite.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 66.53331
Retrieved Text: 1. Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough. B&J knew they were onto something big when they made the world’s first batch of Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough ice cream in 1984. Today the flavor still reigns among their all-time most popular concoctions. And how can it not be? It’s not even one of their more complex or fancier flavors. It’s quite simple. Vanilla ice cream with gobs (and yes, there are actual gobs!) of chocolate chip cookie dough. My daughter LOVES this flavor too!
Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough, introduced in 1984.
2. Milk & Cookies. We also love this flavor. It’s probably one of the best sellers for any cookie lover. Vanilla ice cream with a chocolate cookie swirl, chocolate chip & chocolate chocolate chip cookies. Did you get that? Yup, it’s chock full of cookies, and it’s heavenly!
Milk & Cookies, introduced in 2012.
3. Half Baked. This is another one of our favorites. Chocolate & vanilla ice creams with fudge brownies & gobs (yes again with the gobs) of chocolate chip cookie dough. A little bit of everything, it’s just delicious!
Half Baked, introduced in 2000.
4. Strawberry Cheesecake. This is one of my all time favorite flavors, however, my daughter doesn’t care much for it (she doesn’t like cheesecake…gasp!). Strawberry cheesecake ice cream with strawberries and a thick graham cracker swirl. Any cheesecake lover (like myself) will be thrilled with this flavor, and the graham cracker swirl, is just awesome.
Strawberry Cheesecake, introduced in 2005.
5. Spectacular Speculoos Cookie Core. Ah…the cores! These are some amazingly delicious flavors that B&J came out with some

########
Rank: 2
Score: 66.1654
Retrieved Text: cookie receipt sugar cookie receipt sugar cookies sugar cookie recipe soft sugar cookie receipt cookie recipe no eggs no milk.
cookie receipt girl scout cookie sales polka dot receipts by girl scouts ideas girls gs cookies and brownie girl scouts cookie recipe without brown sugar or vanilla.
cookie receipt sugar cookie receipt the best chewy sugar cookies glittering with brown sugar crystals on the outside sugar cookie receipt cookie recipe no eggs uk.
cookie receipt cookie recipe uk chocolate.
cookie receipt cookie recipe presented by art of the pie cant wait to try it cookie recipe no eggs uk.
cookie receipt receipt for cookies cookie receipts cookie receipts receipt for cookies full size of sugar cookie recipe receipt for cookies cookie recipes without baking powder and brown sugar.
cookie receipt biscuit and cookie recipes cookie recipes without baking powder or vanilla extract.
cookie receipt sugar cookie receipt heavenly stuffed salted caramel sugar cookies recipe sugar cookie recipe without baking powder sugar cookie receipt cookie recipes for kids.
cookie receipt best girl scout cookie images on cookie time for girl scout cookie receipt cookie recipe chocolate chip coconut.
cookie receipt the best mm cookies cookie recipe no eggs uk.
cookie receipt receipt click the image for a larger version cookie recipe real cookie recipes without butter and eggs.
cookie receipt hotel chocolate chip cookies cookie recipes without butter.
cookie receipt this is the best sugar cookie recipe no chilling the dough cookies keep their cookie recipe uk.
cookie receipt this chocolate chip cookie recipe is even better than the chocolate chip cookie recipe cookie recipe easy peanut butter.
cookie receipt photo

########
Rank: 3
Score: 66.14481
Retrieved Text: A chopped up cookie, spun into an extra thick milkshake. Drizzled with sauce, topped with whipped cream, and sprinkled with toppings. You pick the cookie, ice cream, sauce, and topping!
The classic cookie but bigger, thicker and tastier!
Peanut butter infused cookie dough is combined with Reese's Peanut Butter Cups and Reese's Pieces, decorated with melted peanut butter and showered chocolate flakes.
Chunks of Oreo baked into salted caramel and fudge batter, drizzled with more salted caramel and a sprinkle of sea salt.
Chocolate chip cookie dough, baked with a layer of marshmallow, coated with decadent fudge, and sprinkled with crushed graham crackers.
Choose your favorite deep dish cookie pie with your favorite ice cream and top it with your favorite toppings! Comes with fudge, caramel, & whipped cream.
A hazelnut dough with a layer of Nutella baked in the center, topped with dollops of Nutella and caramel crisp pearls.
Sugar cookie dough, baked with white chocolate chips inside, then topped with vanilla frosting and sugar flakes.
The classic cookie but bigger, thicker, and tastier.
Fudge brownie baked into the center of a chocolate chip cookie, and topped with M&M's.
Made from a specialty dough, swirled with caramel apple and salted caramel flavor, baked with a sprinkle of cinnamon, topped with icing, and dusted with apple powder.
A sweet lemon taste with light crisp of a poppy seed throughout the fluffy cookie, drizzled with a citrus glaze.
A soft fudge brownie with a sprinkle of powdered sugar.
Super-sized sugar cookie, painted with a light butter glaze and sprinkled with sugar crystals.
An irresistible blue raspberry flavored sugar cookie, topped with

########
Rank: 4
Score: 65.932884
Retrieved Text: See how to make an ice cream cake. Incredibly, all it takes to make this impressive layered dessert are two simple ingredients—any flavor of ice cream you love and a box of cake mix! In the video, you'll see a couple tricks that make this cake surprisingly easy to assemble. If you like, ice it with frosting or fudge topping. Watch the video, then get the 5-star recipe for Ice Cream Cake. It makes an amazing birthday cake. Kids always love it!
Simple enough. Thanks for the clear instructions. I'm going to give it a try tonight.
Chocolate ice cream sandwich bars layered with chocolate fudge and frozen whipped topping with decorative chocolate sprinkles. Freeze for 1 hour, or until ready to serve.
Two layers of brownies with mint chocolate chip ice cream and a rich chocolate drizzle will put a smile on everyone's face.
Ice cream is sandwiched between 2 layers of buttery oat crumble and chocolate sauce creating a delightful ice cream cake perfect for parties.
This 3-ingredient quick and easy cake recipe uses melted ice cream as the liquid; try it with any flavor ice cream or cake mix you like!
Made with toasted coconut, chocolate ice cream, and a chocolate shortbread cookie crust, this rockin' cake tastes like a Girl Scout cookie.
This indulgent ice cream cake features a homemade brownie base topped with ice cream, fudge, caramel, and peanut butter cups.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 65.23147
Retrieved Text: Milk and oreo cookies shake.
Choose ice cream flavor, or yogurt flavor, and 1 mix in.
Ice Blended Coffee DrinksToggle visibility of menu section "Ice Blended Coffee Drinks"
Mocha ice blended coffee drink.
Caramel ice blended coffee drink.
Select a flavor and size. First mix in is free.
Warm chocolate chip cookie and cookie dough, French vanilla ice cream, whipped topping, and shaved chocolate.
Warm chocolate cake, French vanilla ice cream, whipped topping, fudge, and shaved chocolate.
Warm chocolate brownies, RFrench vanilla ice cream, whipped topping, caramel, fudge, and pecans.
Please call the store for selection.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 64.6755
Retrieved Text: It’s only February so I’m sure this will come as good news to those still hanging in there on their ‘new year, new me’ health kick.
Ben & Jerry’s have launched a low-calorie ice cream in three delicious flavours – Chocolate Milk and Cookies, P.B. Dough (peanut butter) and Caramel Cookie Fix.
Chocolate ice cream with chunks of chocolate chip cookie dough – 140 calories per serving.
To everyone who dunked their chocolate chip cookies in chocolate milk as a kid, this flavour is for you. All the yum of chocolate, vanilla, and cookies, in a light ice cream flavour that even your inner kid would go bananas for.
Chocolate ice cream with gobs of chocolate chip peanut butter cookie dough – 160 calories per serving.
Is there anything more euphoric — er, Moo-phoric, we mean — than cookie dough? We think not. That’s why we packed this pint with more gobs of chocolate chip peanut butter cookie dough than you can shake a spoon at.
Vanilla ice cream with salted caramel swirl and shortbread cookies – 150 calories per serving.
This comes after Ben & Jerry’s announced three flavours of dairy free ice cream.
Vegans and those who are lactose intolerant can enjoy the delicious taste of Ben & Jerry’s in Chunky Monkey and Chocolate Fudge Brownie, and Peanut Butter & Cookies.
Chunky Monkey is banana ice cream with chocolate chunks and walnuts, Chocolate Fudge Brownie is a chocolate combination of ice cream and brownies, and new kid on the block Peanut Butter & Cookies is vanilla ice cream with chocolate cookies and peanut

########
Rank: 7
Score: 64.67179
Retrieved Text: To add this item to your cart for a future order, please schedule the order delivery time to be between 12:00 PM to 7:30 PM.
BeveragesToggle visibility of menu section "Beverages"
Choice of size and flavor.
CakesToggle visibility of menu section "Cakes"
Layers of moist devil's food cake, sweet cream ice cream with brownies and chocolate ice cream with oreo cookies wrapped in fluffy white frosting and cascading fudge ganache.
Layers of moist red velvet cake and strawberry ice cream, with graham cracker pie crust and strawberry puree. Wrapped in creamy strawberry frosting.
Layers of moist devil's food cake and chocolate ice cream. Wrapped in rich fudge ganache.
Most yellow cake and sweet cream ice cream, with cookie dough and chocolate shavings. Wrapped in a fluffy white frosting.
Layers of moist devil's food cake, sweet cream ice cream and Oreo cookies, wrapped in a fluffy white frosting.
Layers of yellow cake, raspberry sauce and cheesecake ice cream with graham cracker pie crust wrapped in fluffy raspberry frosting.
Layers of moist devil's food cake, peanut butter and chocolate ice cream with Reese's peanut butter cup wrapped in rich fudge ganache.
Cookie Sandwich Four PacksToggle visibility of menu section "Cookie Sandwich Four Packs"
Super premium ice cream sandwiched by moist chocolate chip cookies and rolled in mix-ins.
Create Your OwnToggle visibility of menu section "Create Your Own"
SignaturesToggle visibility of menu section "Signatures"
CupcakesToggle visibility of menu section "Cupcakes"
A delicious sampling of two each of our sweet cream, cake batter deluxe, and double chocolate devotion cupcakes.
CS Home Grab and GoToggle visibility of menu section "CS Home Grab and Go"
Hot OfferingsToggle visibility of menu

########
Rank: 8
Score: 63.182693
Retrieved Text: Ahhh, dessert. As a child you’d suffer through meal times, choking down the required amount of veggies just to get that sweet, sweet reward. Now that you’re an adult, you can skip the sprouts and indulge any time you damn well please. Here are the most over-the-top ways to do that. We won't tell your mom.
Known primarily for their ability to make entire meals out of meatballs, Soda & Swine also does some pretty incredible desserts that have nothing to do with meat (or carbonated beverages, for that matter). Their brownie parfait is an imposing goblet filled with layers of chocolate, caramel, and allspice vanilla ice cream (using spices from Polite Provisions next door), topped with brownie bites and a pile of whipped cream (both of which are made in-house). It's basically the pinnacle of sundae construction.
A stellar beer selection and an ocean view are not the only things that Mission Beach’s newest hotspot has going for it. Draft has managed to cram all of the sweet and tart flavor of a slice of lemon meringue pie into a glass, blending ice cream, lemon curd, and bits of crumbly pie crust into a delicious base that supports a towering swirl of toasted meringue. This is the kind of dessert that says "I do not like choosing between milkshakes and pie".
Juniper & Ivy is putting Little Debbie to shame with their version of the Yodel. At first glance it just looks like a chocolate cylinder plated on a bed of Devil's food crumbs, but just wait until

########
Rank: 9
Score: 62.795498
Retrieved Text: For the sixth annual Girl Scout Cookie promotion in SoDel Concepts restaurants, Papa Grande’s Coastal Taqueria has whipped up fried ice cream made with Samoas. All 10 restaurants will bring their desserts to the Girl Scout Cookie Throw Down March 14, from 6 to 8 p.m., at The Clubhouse at Baywood in Millsboro.
All of SoDel Concepts’ restaurants are ing desserts inspired by Girl Scout Cookies. Catch 54 in Fenwick Island is featuring Savanna Smiles-lemon mascarpone layered cake with crushed blackberry whipped cream and candied lemon slices.
For the sixth year, SoDel Concepts is featuring its Girl Scout Cookie dessert promotion. Through March 14, each of the company’s 10 restaurants will feature a dessert made with a popular flavor.
The friendly contest between the company’s chefs will hit a sweet peak March 14, when all the desserts will be served from 6 to 8 p.m. at The Clubhouse at Baywood in Millsboro, one of SoDel Concepts’ restaurants.
Admission to the March 14 event is free and open to the public, and each guest will have five votes with which to pick their favorites. The chef with the most votes gets Matt’s Girl Scout Cookie Cup, named for SoDel Concepts’ founder, the late Matt Haley.
If making the rounds of SoDel Concepts’ restaurants, located from Lewes to Fenwick Island, here’s what to expect.
• Fish On in Lewes: Thin Mint Ice Cream Sandwich.
• Matt’s Fish Camp in Lewes: S’mores Toasted Marshmallow-Stuffed Beignet with Warm Chocolate Sauce.
• The Clubhouse at Baywood: Trefoils Raspberry Cheesecake Bars.
• Bluecoast Seafood Grill + Raw Bar in Rehoboth Beach:

########
Rank: 10
Score: 62.495068
Retrieved Text: ​Copyright 2019 © Frozen Cow Ice Cream. All Rights Reserved.
Moo Tracks Sundae - Vanilla ice cream, brownie, hot fudge, whipped cream and cherry.
Mooliscious Overload Sundae - Cookies n' Cream ice cream, chocolate chips, baked cookie, whipped cream, M&Ms and cherry.
Udder Butter Sundae - Gator Tracks ice cream, pb cup, caramel sauce, whipped cream, pb sauce and cherry.
Deja Moo Banana Split - Vanilla, chocolate and strawberry ice cream, banana, hot fudge, strawberry and caramel sauce, whipped cream, nuts and cherry.
Happy Cow Sundae - Vanilla ice cream, strawberry sauce, gummy bears, whipped cream, peanuts, chocolate chips and cherry.
Gooey Mooey Sundae - Chocolate Fantasia ice cream, marshmallows, graham cracker, hot fudge, whipped cream and cherry.
Tippsy Cow Sundae - Kahlua Krunch ice cream, caramel sauce, heath bar crunch, brownie whipped cream and cherry.
Super Cow Sundae - Superman ice cream, strawberry sauce, M&Ms, whipped cream, fruity pebbles and cherry.
Minty Moo Sundae - Warm brownie, Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream, hot fudge, whipped cream, chocolate chips and cherry.
Choose your ice cream & cookies!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 62.068527
Retrieved Text: Per pint. Two types of chocolate combined to make a medium dark chocolate.
Per pint. Made with Madagascar beans.
Per pint. Made with same beans that roast coffee.
Per pint. Straight up banana pudding. Made with bananas, vanilla wafers, and marshmallow fluff.
Per pint. Made with cookies. It has chocolate chip cookie bits, brownie bits, snickerdoodle bits, and rainbow cookies.
Per pint. Vanilla base, mint extract, and shaved chocolate.
Sugar based rolled in colorful sprinkles.
Two scoops of any steady flavours. Option to top with fudge or caramel sauce. Then finish with whip cream, vanilla, or amaretto.
Brownie. Single scoop of flavor of going to steady ice cream and top it with other half of brownie. Add hot fudge or caramel, and caramel, and whip cream. A luxardo cherry goes on top.
16 oz. Add caramel and hot fudge vanilla whipped cream. Sprinkled with pecans.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 62.025562
Retrieved Text: 20 g of Protein per pint.
11 g of Fat per pint.
20 g of Sugar per pint.
Now you can indulge without all the guilt! Who knew that a whole pint of Mint Chip ice cream was 310 calories, and tasted delicious too...we did! That's because here at Breyers®, we have over 150 years of experience making mouth-watering ice cream. We start with high quality ingredients, naturally sourced flavors, and all American dairy. This reduced fat ice cream will leave your taste buds in disbelief since it has 3.5 grams of fat and 7 grams of sugar in each serving. And it’s even a good source of protein! Try our cool, mint reduced-fat ice cream made with real peppermint extract and chocolatey chips. It’s perfect for a refreshing, delicious treat. So grab a spoon and see what we mean! Breyers® delights will leave your taste buds in disbelief, with 260-330 calories and 20 grams of protein per pint. Breyers delights are available in eight yummy flavors, including Cookies and Cream, Creamy Chocolate, Mint Chip, Vanilla Bean, Raspberry Fudge Swirl, Vanilla Cupcake, Butter Pecan, and Caramel Brownie. We can't wait to hear which pint is your favorite flavor! Be sure to visit us at www.Breyers.com to learn more about our wide variety of delicious desserts! You can also check us out on Instagram at www.instagram.com/breyers/ to see lots of delicious photos.
Breyers® delights Caramel Brownie Ice Cream is made with real brownies and rich caramel! 20g of protein & 330 calories per pint! Try it today!
Breyers® delights Creamy Chocolate Ice

########
Rank: 13
Score: 61.67153
Retrieved Text: Over 80 mouth-watering recipes including ice creams, frozen desserts, ice pops, toppings and more.
Step-by-step, instructions, tips & tricks for making the perfect ice cream at home.
Vegan, gluten-free, refined sugar-free, paleo-friendly with substitutions for all diets.
Makes the BEST dairy-free ice cream. It’s rich, creamy and works like a dream. Follow my step-by-step instructions for how to make the most amazingly delicious ice cream at home.
NO ICE CREAM MAKER NEEDED!
Order now for an instant download!
Also available in paperback edition!
Including vanilla, cookie dough, chocolate, mint chocolate chip, salted caramel and more!
Including strawberry, peaches & cream, mango & passionfruit, date and more!
Including peanut butter chocolate swirl, pistachio, chocolate hazelnut, maple walnut and more!
Including ginger, wasabi, Mayan chocolate, sweet curry, Chinese five-spice and more!
Including lemon poppy seed, pumpkin pie, apple pie, red velvet, christmas pudding and more!
Including Irish cream, pina colada, rum & raisin, mojito, apple cider and more!
Including chamomile & vanilla, elderflower & lemon, rose raspberry ripple and more!
Including chai tea, lemon green tea, fresh basil & mint, earl grey and more!
This cookbook is perfect for people with food allergies or sensitivities (which makes it so versatile), anyone who loves coconut milk and just about everyone who loves frozen desserts and ice cream. If you like unique and bizarre flavors, Aimée has it all. If you love booze, Aimée does that too. I’ve had coconut milk ice cream products before, but I find her homemade ice cream recipes more delicious than the ones I’d tried (i.e., Coconut Bliss).
Aimee’s book is totally gorgeous, and full of different recipes. I picked one

########
Rank: 14
Score: 61.27034
Retrieved Text: Choose from Eckerlin's; Glier's or Queen City Sausage.
Or make a custom variety pack of your favorites.
Select your four (4) pts ice cream flavors and quantities and list them below.
Choose from Graeter's Original Classic flavors: Oregon Strawberry, Original Salted Caramel, Cookies 'N Cream, Butter Pecan, Dutch Milk Chocolate, Madagascar Vanilla Bean, Cheese Crown and Vienna Coffee.
Graeter's Signature Chip flavors: Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip, Black Cherry Chocolate Chip, Double Chocolate Chip, Toffee Chocolate Chip, Coconut Chocolate Chip, Mocha Chocolate Chip, Chocolate Chip, Mint Chocolate Chip, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip, Cookie Dough Chocolate Chip and Buckeye Blitz Chocolate Chip (Chocolate Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip).

########
Rank: 15
Score: 60.968163
Retrieved Text: It's true that I like all kinds of ice cream, but when you get right down to it, vanilla is my favorite. Whenever there's a choice of vanilla or chocolate, I'm going for the vanilla. Even as a child waiting in line to buy a Mister Softee cone, I always picked vanilla. It's the basis for a perfect sundae. It's the go-to ice cream to serve on top of pies and cobblers. Pour a little caramel sauce on top and I'm in heaven!
Heat the milk, salt, and sugar in a saucepan. In a separate bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and gradually add some of the warmed milk, stirring constantly as you pour. Pour the warmed yolk/milk mixture back into the saucepan.
Cook over low heat, stirring constantly and scraping the bottom with a heat-resistant spatula until the custard thickens enough to coat the spatula. Strain the custard into the heavy cream. Add vanilla extract. Place bowl in the fridge until completely chilled. Freeze in your ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Transfer to a freezer safe container and freeze until firm.
Cookies and Cream: Simply chop some Oreos or other favorite chocolate sandwich cookie.
Heath Bar Crunch: Just as the name says, simply add chopped Heath bars or toffee bits.
Cookie Dough - Mix up a batch of cookie dough (using pasteurized eggs or pasteurized liquid egg products). Roll dough into a log and chill until firm. Slice dough into wheels then cut each wheel into small pieces.
Chocolate Chip: Chop up a bar of your favorite chocolate

########
Rank: 16
Score: 60.734543
Retrieved Text: Mermaid's Handcrafted Cupcakes are All Natural and Baked Fresh from Scratch Everyday!
All the amazing flavors are available by special order of ONE DOZEN or more per flavor. We usually need 24 to 48 hours for special orders.
We make 15 flavors to choose from everyday!
Please be advised! Flavors of the day are never guaranteed. orders placed ahead of time for a variety of large cupcakes are always Bakerâ€™s choice. Flavors are only allowed to be chosen by customers on the pick up day and if the flavor is available in the bakery at the time.
Our signature flavor red velvet cake topped with our dreamy cream cheese frosting.
Chocolate cake topped with cream cheese frosting, crushed pecans and buttery caramel drizzle.
Our incredible version of the amazing girl scout cookie! Coconut cake filled with buttery caramel, topped with chocolate buttercream, toasted coconut, chocolate and caramel drizzle.
Chocolate filled with chocolate cream, chocolate Swiss meringue buttercream on top with chocolate drizzle and chocolate chips.
Vanilla cake filled with chocolate bavarian, topped with Swiss buttercream and rimmed in pretty purple sugar with a blue crown on top.
Peanut butter and Raspberry Jelly! Vanilla Cake filled with raspberry preserves, topped with our peanut butter fluff frosting and a little bit more jelly on top...so so so yummy!
Almond cake topped with aqua blue almond buttercream, sugar glitter, and a red fondant decoration on top.
Dark chocolate cake topped with raspberry Swiss meringue frosting and chocolate drizzle.
Coconut cake with Swiss meringue buttercream and covered in sweet flaked coconut.
Vanilla cake filled with buttery caramel, topped with caramel buttercream, caramel drizzle

########
Rank: 17
Score: 60.597042
Retrieved Text: Lathrop is home to its very own San Francisco-inspired candy land. Located right off i-5, Ghirardelli’s serves some of the sweetest treats San Joaquin offers, from Christmas-themed goodies to decadent ice cream sundaes. The extensive menu makes it easy to try something new on every trip—check out our picks for the top treats to try.
Stock up on bags of this holiday staple! Peppermint bark is a Ghirardelli’s favorite, made with both white and milk chocolate and filled with crunchy candy cane pieces. Grab some for yourself, and spares for stocking stuffers.
The ice cream shop at Ghirardelli’s Lathrop outlet is a big draw, reminiscent of the flagship store in San Francisco’s Fisherman’s Wharf. Every treat nods to a San Francisco landmark. Grab a Crissy Field Cookie Bits Sundae, a delicious blend of vanilla and cookies and cream ice cream, smothered in hot fudge, whipped cream, and chocolate chip cookie crumbles. Two milk chocolate caramel minis top it off.
What’s better than a steaming cup of cocoa on a chilly December day? Not much! Ghirardelli’s blends a sea salt caramel variety topped with whipped cream, caramel sauce, and sea salt with a square of milk chocolate on the side.
Craving something richer? The Decadent Drinking Chocolate is made from the brand’s mini dark chocolate chips.
A dessert to feed the family—this favorite is made for four, featuring eight scoops of ice cream, eight toppings, a banana, diced almonds, mini dark chocolate chips, cherries, and whipped cream.
There’s more to Ghirardelli’s than chocolate—no, seriously. Some of the best flavors are fruity in nature

########
Rank: 18
Score: 59.833862
Retrieved Text: homemade ice cream maker mini ice cream machine home small children ice cream machine homemade ice cream maker bargains on quart wood bucket ice cream maker homemade ice cream quart wood bucket ice cream maker homemade ice cream maker makes up to.
homemade ice cream maker homemade vanilla bean ice cream dont waste the crumbs finally a homemade vanilla bean ice cream that tastes like the rich and creamy ice.
homemade ice cream maker nostalgia electrics old fashioned wood ice cream maker quart electric old fashioned homemade ice cream maker frozen quart electric old fashioned homemade ice cream maker frozen dessert machine.
homemade ice cream maker .
homemade ice cream maker homemadeicecream homemade vanilla bean ice cream dont waste the crumbs finally a homemade vanilla bean ice cream that tastes like the rich and creamy ice.
homemade ice cream maker old fashioned bucket ice cream maker ingredient homemade ice cream recipe without an ice cream maker.
homemade ice cream maker this no churn salted caramel ice cream recipe is made without an ice cream maker bed bath beyond tv watch old fashioned ice cream maker nostalgia electrics old fashioned wood ice cream maker.
homemade ice cream maker how to make the best homemade vanilla ice cream recipe including variations for many different fruit how to make vanilla ice cream without an ice cream maker image titled make vanilla ice cream without an ice cream maker step.
homemade ice cream maker homeade ice cream maker vegan vanilla ice cream homemade ice cream maker amazon homemade ice cream how to make homemade ice cream in a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 59.66556
Retrieved Text: I know. I started the new year by sharing a salad recipe. A SALAD RECIPE. (a very good salad recipe though). Are you all mad at me? Can I make up for my silly mistake by sharing some sugar now?
I still have a freezer full of Christmas cookies I need to eat my way through, and now it’s almost time to buy girl scout cookies?
This fudge is my twist on a girl scout cookie. My FAVORITE of all girl scout cookies.
That’s right – once you know how to make vanilla fudge, you can even make it taste like a cookie!
I used coconut pudding mix to give the fudge a creamy coconut and white chocolate flavor. I added in some caramel and swirled it through the fudge. Then, topped it with chocolate and toasted coconut to give the appearance of the Samoa cookie.
You’re going to love this one!!! If you don’t, I will gladly accept all leftovers.
Want more recipes with Chocolate, Caramel, and/or Coconut?
Salted Caramel Swiss Meringue Frosting with Chocolate Cupcakes: no description needed!
Pina Colada Pound Cake: an impressive coconut dessert!
Toast coconut according to package directions. I use sweetened coconut flakes. Set aside to cool.
Melt caramel bits with 1 tsp heavy cream in microwave, stirring every 30 seconds until smooth. Set aside.
In a large saucepan, heat butter, cream, sugar ans alt on medium high heat. Bring to a boil, stirring contantly. When it begins to boil, set timer for about 5 minutes, stirring continuously.
Remove from heat. Pour into a mixing bowl and using a stand mixer whisk

########
Rank: 20
Score: 59.533886
Retrieved Text: Get your sparkle on with our magical new Unicorn scoop! A wonderful unicorn cup filled with your favourite ice cream flavour, scattered with dreamy pastel sprinkles and topped off with an edible gold chocolate horn and delicate white choc ears. Sunshine and rainbows not included.
Splashing into a store near you: our limited-edition mermaid range! Your favourite ice cream flavour in a cup or freshly-baked waffle cone, scattered with glistening sugar pearls and pastel sprinkles, and garnished with a shimmering chocolate tail. It’s off the scale!
We just put the scream into ice cream with our fright-tastic, limited edition monster range! A scoop of your fave flavour in a fresh-baked waffle cone or cup, strewn with mini candy eyeballs, crunchy neon sprinkles and topped off with a giant jelly eyeball lollipop. There’s more fright in every bite!
Your choice of the world's favourite ice cream. More Flavours. More Fun!
Your choice of the world'ss favourite ice cream. More Flavours. More Fun!
Your choice of the world's favourite ice cream. More Flavours. More Fun! If you would like multiple scoops of the same flavour, please write a note in "Special Instructions"
Your choice of the world's favourite ice cream, hot fudge sauce & sprinkles. More Flavours. More Fun!
2 scoops of choc chip cookie dough ice cream (Or create your own flavour combo), deliciously chewy, irresistibly buttery cookie dough topping & served with your choice of hot fudge sauce.
2 scoops of peanut butter chocolate ice cream (Or create your own flavour combo), fresh sliced banana & served with your choice of hot fudge sauce.
2

########
Rank: 21
Score: 59.36635
Retrieved Text: This local ice cream shop has friendly workers and unique flavors such as Bourbon Vanilla with Salted Caramel and Brown Sugar Banana. They use liquid nitrogen to freeze their ice cream into "microbatches" to create smoother, richer ice cream. Homemade ice cream, homemade waffle cones, and homemade chocolate fudge? Say no more.
With a focus on organic and local ingredients, Tin Pot is a Bay Area favorite. Their flavors change every few months with classics including Four Barrel Coffee with Cocoa Nib Toffee and Mint Chip. The French style ice cream is handcrafted in a "gelato style" machine to enhance the ice cream flavors.
Fraîche's homemade organic yogurt is a healthier option than traditional ice cream. It is made by freezing their homemade greek yogurt. They are the only ice cream place in the Bay Area that serves fro-yo made from real yogurt. But, top it with chocolate shavings and raspberry sauce and you will not even realize it is yogurt.
Creamy and rich, Rick's ice cream is known for its handmade delicious creations. Flavors include Coffee Molasses Chip, Rose, and White Chocolate Ginger. They have 48 different flavors to satisfy any craving. Try a cookie with your ice cream and you will not be disappointed.
CREAM is known for its cookie ice cream sandwiches, which consist of any two cookie flavors and any ice cream flavor you desire. Needles to say the possible combinations are endless. A personal favorite: chocolate chip cookies with salted caramel ice cream. Not a cookie fan? Try a brownie ice cream sandwich.
Pressed is better

########
Rank: 22
Score: 59.218628
Retrieved Text: Kids will love exploring these iconic dessert locations!
NYC's latest and most buzzed about dessert spot is Dō, a cookie dough cafe that brings to life everyone's childhood dream of licking the spoon after whipping up a batch of homemade cookies. With delicious flavors like Chocolate Chip, Brownie Batter, Oatmeal M&M, and various seasonal flavors, customers can also enjoy custom combos like Chocolate Dream (Brownie Batter flavor, Oreo cookies, chocolate chips), Fluffernutter (peanut butter, dark chocolate chips, marshmallow fluff), and Heavenly (Sugar Cookie flavor, Nutella, chocolate chips, caramel bits, sea salt). If scoops of cookie dough aren't enough for your kids, they can enjoy ice cream sundaes, ice cream sanDŌwiches, cookie do sandwiches, and a variety of baked goods! There are also gluten free flavor options.
New Yorkers love visiting Dominique Ansel Bakery because of their delicious and unique dessert creations. Enjoy sweets like their Frozen S'mores, cookies and milk shots, and cronuts, which come in new flavors every month and are beloved by tourists and locals alike.
No place does a chocolate dessert quite like Max Brenner. First they have their extensive hot chocolate menu, featuring delicious flavors like Mexican Spicy Hot Chocolate, Peanut Butter, and Hazelnut. Then they have a drool-worthy milkshake list, each one with a different flavor of chocolate ganache, as well as crepes, sugar waffles, and fondue. Finally, you can't talk about Max Brenner without mentioning their creative creations, like Chocolate Chunks Pizza, Chocolate Crepe "Pasta," and Build-Your-Own-Cakes.
No to be confused with Dō, Dough is probably the most amazing donut shop in the city

########
Rank: 23
Score: 59.092884
Retrieved Text: Food Networks shows how to make No-Churn Watermelon Ice Cream Slices. Cut off the top of a mini seedless watermelon and using an immersion blender, puree the flesh. Pour out the juice, reserving one and a half cups for later; you can drink the rest. Scrape out any remaining watermelon flesh and pat dry with a paper towel and freeze. In a bowl, whisk together the reserved watermelon juice, sweetened condensed milk and fine salt, then set aside. In another bowl, use a hand mixer to whip heavy cream, then add it to the bowl of juice mixture, stir and set aside. Get the frozen watermelon shell and ladle the ice cream mixture into it, filling to the top. Cover and freeze for three hours. Refrigerate two hours before serving. To serve, cut in half and slice each half into thirds.
The crust is the only part of this delicious dessert that requires baking.
Treat yourself to a refreshing and guilt-free frozen treat with our Food Network Kitchen's recipe for neapolitan banana nice cream.
Creamy Pistachio Pops are guaranteed to bring out the kid in anyone.
Blackberries and chocolate chunks make this ice cream a birthday treat.
Here's the secret to the best vanilla ice cream you'll ever eat. Seriously.
Ree's caramel-drizzled ice cream sundaes have a chocolate chip cookie base.
Layers of sorbet and ice cream create this colorful frozen dessert.
Food Networks Kitchens presents a cool treat, Frozen Chocolate Rum Bananas.
Food Network Kitchens shares a mouthwatering S'More Ice Cream Cones recipe.
Layer brownies, ice cream and strawberry sauce for a luscious frozen treat.
Satisfy

########
Rank: 24
Score: 59.05677
Retrieved Text: Funtastic Fridays Return Summer 2018!
There is gold in them there hills - or so the saying goes. Come pan for something more precious than gold, chocolate.
Be amazed as the Village Chocolate Shoppe is transformed into a sea of chocolate. Make your own chocolate fish. Help Ariel search for Nemo and Dory and get a special prize.
What better way to celebrate Battle Day. Choose from a huge variety of ice cream, gelato and a large variety of assorted toppings. Don't forget the whip cream and a cherry.
Delight as Frozen springs to life again at the VCS in this lively marionette retelling - packed with a flurry of stories, songs and sing-alongs. Make your own chocolate Sven to bring home. Come dressed as your favorite Frozen character and receive a special treat.
Come cheer us on as we attempt to make the world's largest chocolate domino chain. While you're there, make your own chocolate pizza.
So you think you have the best combination for a candy bar? Come in and try your combination. Choose from a variety of ingredients and put them together. Then watch your creation go through the cooling tunnel. This is our most popular event every year.
Last years wildly successful event is returning. Join us for a night of BINGO and fun - VCS style - complete with chocolate prizes. Learn how chocolate impacts your health. Free health screenings. All proceeds to benefit the Bennington Rescue Squad.
Show off your artistic talents by creating a masterpiece with chocolate paint. Perfect to keep or give as a holiday gift.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 58.808033
Retrieved Text: Make homemade ice cream in exactly the flavor you crave. 31 flavors? We've got way more including peach, pumpkin, even coconut-avocado.
Once you learn the basics, you can churn out any flavor you can dream up.
See how to make this luxuriously creamy ice cream.
Espresso and chocolate are a match made in ice cream heaven. Serve as a soft ice cream or allow it to ripen in the freezer.
No-cook, no eggs, made with half-and-half and cream. Great, simple, classic vanilla ice cream! This is designed for an old-fashioned ice cream maker that yields 1 gallon; be sure to scale recipe down if you have a countertop model.
Turn the water from a can of chickpeas, aquafaba, into a delicious, vegan dark chocolate ice cream with this clever, 5-ingredient recipe.
This vibrant frozen dessert offers fresh berry flavor at its best.
An old-fashioned cooked custard ice cream base, made with just egg yolks, cream, half-and-half, and sugar, makes the richest, smoothest, creamiest homemade ice cream. Add any flavor you like.
This creamy smooth blueberry coconut ice cream made with lemon juice, ground flax seeds, and xanthan gum is an easy treat to make for vegans.
This rich, creamy custard-style ice cream has a deep chocolate-cinnamon flavor.
White rum and chocolate turn this creamy ice cream, infused with mint leaves and coffee, into an adult-friendly treat.
"This is a GREAT mint chocolate chip ice cream that I discovered by accident. The 2% milk makes the ice cream taste 'lighter' I think."
This is a very rich, custard style chocolate ice cream.
Use this easy recipe to make vanilla ice

########
Rank: 26
Score: 58.679848
Retrieved Text: I found some Lindt chocolate balls beneath the Christmas tree. Super creamy & smooth - my new favourite.
My favorite brand is definitely Lindt chocolate balls - they have so many different flavors to try although I do admit, I always go back to milk chocolate. Also love Laura Secord chocolates but I don't those very often.
I love all things dark chocolate... Lindt is always good!
I learned to like dark chocolate (because it was better for you) and now I prefer it. I like anything covered in chocolate except coconut lol.
My daughter used to live in Old Town. It is beautiful. I love chocolate all on its own. I think Dove is my favorite, but that changes.
I adore most all chocolate, but dark is my favorite. Mixed with caramel - even better!!
I love the choolate in the Girl Scout thinmint cookies, andthe chocolate raspberry from Lindts. Dove & Magnum ice cream chocolate bars are soooo delicious.
Like Cadbury and Lindt chocolate.
Any chocolate is my fav........but I really do love Dove Chocolate!
I love dark chocolate! My favorite is a solid piece, but I wouldn't turn it down if it had nuts or a cream center (especially raspberry).
I'm not a big chocolate lover but I do love Dove Chocolates & Kit Kat's. I also love Chocolate Chip cookies & Chocolate covered Macadamia Nuts but I have to be in the mood for it. Also Love Dove Chocolate Ice Cream Bars.
MMMMMMM, Chocolate! ;-) Some of my favorite fancy chocolate brands are See's, Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory, and Lamb's. Lamb's is a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 58.648148
Retrieved Text: I’ve posted my homemade vanilla ice cream recipe and I’ve also posted my version of the classic Toll House chocolate chip cookies. Now, let me tell you how I combined those two lovely sweets to make the best ice cream I’ve created so far. And it wasn’t even my idea.
My younger daughter, Alex, and I were in the supermarket last week and we were debating what ice cream flavor we should make next. She wanted mango ice cream but it isn’t mango season and fresh mangoes in the market are very expensive and not at all sweet. Then, Alex said, “Cookies and cream.” I paused and thought about it. Buying cookies, crushing them and throwing them into the ice cream maker isn’t exactly my idea of fun and exciting so I decided I’d bake the cookies that would go into the ice cream. And so I did.
The result is really, truly, utterly delicious.
Make the vanilla ice cream.
About ten minutes before the ice cream is done, chop the chocolate chip cookies into small pieces. My ice cream maker says never to add solid ingredients that are larger than a chocolate morsel so I used the size of a chocolate morsel as a guide. Check the instructions of your ice cream maker manufacturer to know how small you need to chop your cookies.
About three minutes before the ice cream is done, add the chopped chocolate cookies. Allow the ice cream maker to churn just long enough to evenly distribute the chopped cookies.
Serve the ice cream at its soft-serve

########
Rank: 28
Score: 58.529873
Retrieved Text: This year, Girl Scouts of Kentuckiana’s Desserts First (a hybrid foodie fundraiser that sounds almost too scrumptious to be true, but it is legitimately real life) will be back in its ninth year. Last year’s Desserts First was my first wide-eyed wonder exposure to an event that not only made my inner child’s dreams come true, but more importantly, was all about teaching empowerment to young girls. It’s an absolute win-win.
The 8th Annual Desserts First was all about instilling confidence specific to a STEM (Science Technology Engineering and Math) initiative. Teaching a young child that new traditions can be made, and that no dreams are off limits is one of the most rewarding hopes for our future. Girl Scouts of Kentuckiana remains an admirable organization; essentially trying to make the world better one staggeringly delicious Girl Scouts Cookie at a time. This year, innovations will be based around the concept of celebrating the Technology of Cooking. I can barely handle my anticipation to see the gastronomical, mind-blowing offerings that await this year from Louisville’s finest.
On Wednesday, February 25th at the Mellwood Arts & Entertainment Center, between 6:00 and 8:00 p.m., the choicest chefs from all over our burgeoning foodie city will come together in the spirit of the indulgence we all know, esteem and desire: Girl Scout Cookies. Prepare for the most delectable eats.
Cellar Door Chocolates’ Girl Scouts Shortbread Trifle Cookie with a complex caramel, 55% dark chocolate, and a Hawaiian black lava sea salt.
Vincenzo’s Girl Scouts Savannah Smiles cookie with ricotta cheese, lemon, and white

########
Rank: 29
Score: 58.52388
Retrieved Text: Speckled throughout with flecks of Madagascar vanilla beans infused in its custard base, this gorgeous cream-colored ice cream is an artisan take on the classic flavor. Paired with a brown sugar and oats chocolate chip cookie, these sandwiches are a year-round favorite.
We start with our dark chocolate ice cream base and generously add Maldon sea salt, to give it that complexity and balance of sweet and salty. A scoop of this is perfect on chocolate cookies, chocolate chip, or if you’re feeling extra salty, pretzel cookies.
For a refreshing take on this cherished campfire flavor, toasted marshmallows are blended throughout our custard base, producing a creamy mallow custard which is placed between two handmade from scratch graham cookies. Sandwiches are then generously drizzled with 72% dark chocolate for the full s’more experience.
Our favorite candy bar, deconstructed. We swirl our house caramel through nougat ice cream and sprinkle in lots of chopped peanuts. Paired with chocolate cookies or better yet, chocolate dipped peanut butter cookies.
Quick story: I used to hate pistachios. I didn’t get the appeal. What was I thinking? They are sweet, salty, addicting. Our ice cream is chock full of roasted pistachios. No artificial pistachio flavor here. Paired with our cardamom sugar cookies.
We take our tea with milk, and in the case of this smooth tasting cream, that means steeping slightly floral earl gray tea in our traditional custard base. Paired with a classic sugar cookie, this sandwich is perfect for any time of day.
Beyond the gorgeous color, this ice cream is flavorful and creamy and

================



======= Instance Index 562 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to make Chocolate Macadamia Ice cream at home without an Ice cream Freezer.

Choice 1: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Macadamia nuts (either Halved or coarsely chopped)  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm inside the oven. Serve any time after 8 hours freeze.

Choice 2: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Macadamia nuts (either Halved or coarsely chopped)  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve any time after 8 hours freeze.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 65.01376
Retrieved Text: Macadamia Nut Ice Cream Sandwich is easy with this no-churn recipe.
The rich sweetened cream spiked with the saltiness of roasted macadamia nuts is a study in contrasts, and when combined between two cookies, my Macadamia Nut Ice Cream Sandwich is a study in the art of sandwich making—ice cream-style.
Back when I was a kid, every neighborhood had its corner grocery. You know the kind I mean: the nice lady with the big smile behind the counter; the crotchety owner who shooed you away when you lingered too long; and an endless variety of sweet treats that made that pocket full of change a treasure chest. My store was the Corner Cash.
Just a short bike ride from my house, I always leaned my Schwinn against the pine tree just outside; it was my reserved parking spot. I can still hear the screeching of that taut spring-loaded screen door open and slam shut behind me. It always startled me. Even at ten years old, the wood floors creaked as I walked straight to the reach-in freezer for my obsession—an ice cream sandwich.
These weren’t your typical ice cream sandwiches; these were Red Bird ice cream sandwiches. A two-inch-thick square of vanilla ice cream encased in a chocolate brownie-like cookie crust with a cardboard band wrapped around the middle. I was an expert at busting open the paper wrapper, discarding that center band, and taking that first bite, all within seconds after plunking down my quarter. It was glorious.
The Red Bird Ice Cream Company owned by the Cutrer family sold

########
Rank: 1
Score: 64.94256
Retrieved Text: I do like a summer treat, especially chocolate ice cream. Well, not only in summer. Anytime. But it has to be chocolate ice cream. Just like with any other desserts, I’m quite picky: sugary lemon and vanilla flavours just won’t do it for me. Making ice cream at home is not too complicated and it can be prepared without a machine, which I always prefer as assembling, cleaning then putting away again takes up some extra time. This one is a no cook and no churn recipe, practically effortless thanks to the ingredients. There aren’t too many of those either. Wait, that’s not all: it’s a teeny bit healthier too.
It’s healthier, because I used plant based yogurt, a little bit of coconut sugar and Macabella Chocolate Spread. I used the crunchy spread and the chopped macadamia pieces added some extra texture and lovely crunchiness to it. You can, of course swap the yogurt for cow’s milk yogurt, I’m just trying to cut down on our dairy intake.
Put all ingredients into a bowl and simply combine with a wooden spoon. Yeah, that’s it. It’s easy as both the yogurt and the chocolate spread is very soft and creamy. Pour the mixture into a freezer safe dish and put it in the freezer for a minimum of 4 hours. I left it for overnight. It takes longer time for the soft ingredients to freeze properly. Take it out of the freezer 10 minutes before serving. I preferred it very cold, I liked the icy texture of it.
Tip: use

########
Rank: 2
Score: 64.92153
Retrieved Text: homemade ice cream maker mini ice cream machine home small children ice cream machine homemade ice cream maker bargains on quart wood bucket ice cream maker homemade ice cream quart wood bucket ice cream maker homemade ice cream maker makes up to.
homemade ice cream maker homemade vanilla bean ice cream dont waste the crumbs finally a homemade vanilla bean ice cream that tastes like the rich and creamy ice.
homemade ice cream maker nostalgia electrics old fashioned wood ice cream maker quart electric old fashioned homemade ice cream maker frozen quart electric old fashioned homemade ice cream maker frozen dessert machine.
homemade ice cream maker .
homemade ice cream maker homemadeicecream homemade vanilla bean ice cream dont waste the crumbs finally a homemade vanilla bean ice cream that tastes like the rich and creamy ice.
homemade ice cream maker old fashioned bucket ice cream maker ingredient homemade ice cream recipe without an ice cream maker.
homemade ice cream maker this no churn salted caramel ice cream recipe is made without an ice cream maker bed bath beyond tv watch old fashioned ice cream maker nostalgia electrics old fashioned wood ice cream maker.
homemade ice cream maker how to make the best homemade vanilla ice cream recipe including variations for many different fruit how to make vanilla ice cream without an ice cream maker image titled make vanilla ice cream without an ice cream maker step.
homemade ice cream maker homeade ice cream maker vegan vanilla ice cream homemade ice cream maker amazon homemade ice cream how to make homemade ice cream in a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 63.651928
Retrieved Text: put everything into a container and blend well with high power blender.
pour the mixture into ice cream maker.
leave the ice cream in a freezer for a couple of hours.
* if you have time and want smoother and creamy ice cream, here's another advanced recipe for you as macadamia nuts has rougher texture than cashews.
add maple syrup and vanilla.
pour the mixture into an ice cream maker.
leave it in a freezer for a couple of hours.
It's always so much fun to make ice cream at home ;) Enjoy!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 63.004833
Retrieved Text: Make this delicious chocolate frosty at home – without cool whip. No ice cream maker needed either!
Chocolate frosty – so good on a hot day! You don’t have to venture out to your nearest fast food chain to get one though.
Make this one at home, and it might just become your new favorite (and save you a ton of money!).
A lot of chocolate frosty recipes out there start with a mixture of cool whip and condensed milk.
My version starts with my easy no-churn homemade ice cream. A simple mixture of whisked heavy cream, condensed milk, chocolate syrup and a little cocoa.
Once you got that ice cream in the freezer on stand-by you can easily whip up your own frosty whenever you feel like it (added bonus – this means you’ll also have chocolate ice cream in the freezer too – you know – for ice cream emergencies).
To get that creamy but icy thick texture, it’s a simple case of blending the ice cream up with some chocolate milk and crushed ice.
This stuff is rather indulgent, so although the recipe is for two glasses, I usually split it between four!
Pour the whipping cream and condensed milk into a large bowl. Add the chocolate syrup and chocolate powder, then whisk using an electric whisk until thick. You want the mixture to just hold it’s shape when you lift the whisk out of the mixture.
Place in a freezer-proof container (a bread tin lined with baking parchment works well), cover with plastic wrap and freeze for at least 6 hours.
When

########
Rank: 5
Score: 61.015453
Retrieved Text: Looking for How to Make Homemade Low-fat Strawberry Ice Cream with freezer-canister ice cream maker (directions, recipe, with photos, easy and free) in 2019? Scroll down this page and follow the links. And if you bring home some fruit or vegetables and want to can, freeze, make jam, salsa or pickles, see this page for simple, reliable, illustrated canning, freezing or preserving directions. There are plenty of other related resources, click on the resources dropdown above.
What's better than fresh picked strawbrerries? Perhaps fresh premium strawberry ice cream but with less fat and calories? So let's take some fresh-picked fruit and make our own homemade healthy strawberry ice cream! It is actually quite easy, and electric ice cream makers are inexpensive! These directions work with ANY ice cream maker with a gel-freezer container. Electric ice cream makers make it fast and easy! If you have an ice cream maker that requires ice and salt instead of the freezer bowl, see these instructions instead!
If you are making chocolate ice cream, this is the time to add the chocolate syrup. I add about 1/2 cup of chocolate syrup - I use the Hersey's sugar free syrup, but both the variety and amount are a matter of personal taste preferences!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 60.376476
Retrieved Text: To make ice cream from milk is truly delicious and memorable, you have to learn how to cook «English cream». It is quick and simple in comparison to store-bought ice cream will be more low-calorie.
You will need to boil one liter of fresh milk with a hundred grams of sugar and boil until complete dissolution of crystals. Then beat five or six yolks and gradually introduce them in a little cold milk with sugar. Put on fire and leading the mixture to a boil.
When the English cream has thickened, pour it into molds and put in the freezer. To make homemade ice cream in a similar way like the store you will fail, but with frequent stirring (approximately every forty minutes — one hour) freezing of the mixture, you will be able to obtain a homogeneous product without ice.
However, to make ice cream from milk is really tasty you can only with the help of a little kitchen helper — ice cream freezer. This unit is able to stir your ice cream while you’re busy with your chores.
But if you have such a device, yet traditional freezing in the freezer to make milk ice cream . or fruity, just a few hours.
Traditional recipes how to make ice cream at home say that you need cream and few more ingredients to get delicious treats.
Pour the cream into a large enough saucepan and put them to bask. During this time, separate the yolks from the whites and gently blend them. Then add in the egg yolks gradually the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 60.368553
Retrieved Text: Making ice cream at home has quickly become one of my favorite activities. This is by far the best recipe for making chocolate ice cream at home. I used an ice cream maker with this recipe but you can easily freeze the ice cream base in a 13×9 baking dish. I have found that works just as well but maybe its not as creamy.
My kids love to have ice cream as a dessert so I love to be able to make fresh batches of ice cream for them to enjoy and this way I can control the amount of sugar that is included.
Stir sugar, cream, and milk into a saucepan over low heat until sugar has dissolved. Remove from heat.
Stir in vanilla extract and chill mix thoroughly – I like to chill mine overnight.
Place in freezer to harden 2 to 3 hours.
This recipe does not call for eggs so it is not a custard style chocolate ice cream. It is just creamy and delicious. It has just the right amount of cocoa powder to give a nice chocolate flavor however if you like your chocolate ice cream really chocolaty add in another ¼ cup of cocoa powder. Feel free to combine any mix-ins like cookies, chips, coconut, etc before placing in the freezer to harden.
We always have a tub of fresh ice cream in the freezer! Have a look at my mint chocolate chip ice cream recipe too if you like a minty ice cream.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 60.253403
Retrieved Text: no ice ice cream maker no churn strawberry cheesecake ice cream is the perfect frozen sweet treat for summer best no churn mint chocolate chip ice cream cupcake diaries no churn mint chocolate chip ice cream no ice cream maker needed for this deliciously.
no ice ice cream maker picture of homemade ice cream 3 ingredients no ice cream maker nochurn durian ice cream wok skillet nochurn durian ice cream.
no ice ice cream maker strawberry frozen yogurt without an ice cream maker keto ice cream just ingredients keto ice cream just ingredients.
no ice ice cream maker keto ice cream just 4 ingredients homemade vanilla ice cream ingredients and no churn video you are common pantrystyle ingredients away from the richest and creamiest homemade vanilla.
no ice ice cream maker easy strawberry and blueberry ice cream by pixiedustkitchen no ice cream maker needed and only easy strawberry ice cream no eggs no cook no churn baking a moment homemade strawberry ice cream from scratch.
no ice ice cream maker pumpkin ice cream tastes just like a slice pumpkin pie topped with whipped cream and pumpkin pie ice cream no ice cream maker required buns in my oven save.
no ice ice cream maker no churn oreo fudge swirl ice cream .
no ice ice cream maker no ice cream maker no problem no churn ice cream is is so easy nochurn ice cream recipes no ice cream maker necessary thrillist blood orange ice cream.
no ice ice cream maker coconut ice cream5 new recipes oreo ice cream recipe no ice cream maker dishin

########
Rank: 9
Score: 60.18881
Retrieved Text: Bake until the donuts are lightly browned on top and a toothpick inserted into a donut comes out clean, 15 to 17 minutes. Allow donuts cool for 10 minutes in the pan before removing. Continue cooling the donuts on a wire rack.
Serve plain, or drizzle with melted dark chocolate and top with coconut shavings.
*To make macadamia butter, simply blend raw or roasted unsalted macadamia nuts in a food processor until very smooth.
Combine coconut oil and dark chocolate in a medium bowl. Microwave in 15 seconds intervals, stopping to stir each time, until chocolate is melted. Stir vigorously to combine the chocolate and coconut oil.
Whisk in coconut milk, Collagen Fuel and macadamia butter until smooth.
Pour the liquid into popsicle molds. Freeze until solid.
Process macadamia nuts in food processor until finely chopped. Add coconut, coconut oil and salt and pulse until the ingredients come together and the texture is similar to big grains of sand.
Use a Tablespoon measurement to drop scoops of the crust into a 12-count silicone cupcake pan (or, drape several large pieces of plastic wrap over a regular cupcake pan and press the plastic wrap into each cupcake holder, leaving overhang over the edges of the pan). Use your fingers to press the crust down evenly and firmly in the bottom of each cupcake space.
*The type of sweetener, and the amount, used in this cheesecake recipe can be changed according to your preference. This cheesecake can also be made without any sweetener at all.
Dissolve the gelatin in 1 cup hot water by whisking vigorously. Set

########
Rank: 10
Score: 59.96414
Retrieved Text: It’s fun to make ice cream yourself. But not everyone has an ice cream machine. It’s just another kitchen appliance that needs a lot of room in your cabinets. I do own an ice cream machine. It’s a great machine, but it needs to sit a long time in the freezer before you can use it. For those of you who don’t have one, and for those moments that you want to make a quick ice cream I have a great recipe. It’s a soft ice cream, really lovely. This ice cream is made with just a few ingredients and you don’t need an ice cream machine to make it! Best of all: you can add whatever you like to it to make it exactly the way you want it.
Read how to make easy home made ice cream after the jump. . .
Whip the cream until stiff. Add the sugar and the vanilla extract and mix again. Now you can add some taste makers like chocolate drops and / or chocolate sauce like I did. You could also add some fruit or jam. Put your mix in the freezer and let stay there for about three hours.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 59.274757
Retrieved Text: It’s 32°c in Singapore, the humidity’s rising and the same is also true back in the UK can you believe? This can only mean one thing. It’s time for ice cream!
Many of you will know that for the first 8 years of my adult life post-university, I lived without a freezer. No, not even a little one in the top of the fridge. Nothing. The result was a life devoid of ice for my G&Ts, frozen peas to accompany my Bolognese, and, most tragically, Ben & Jerry’s. I know, #firstworldproblems.
I swore that upon reaching the heady heights of freezer ownership, I would immediately whip up a batch of home-made ice cream. I mean, what else do people who own freezers do all day?
So upon moving to Singapore and to a condo that came complete with American-style freezer that, if push came to shove, I could probably fit myself into, the time had arrived to make ice cream.
Only I don’t own an ice cream maker. This seems to be a key bit of kit. Oh, I know you can make it by hand; but let’s face it; all that mixing and stirring at regular intervals is just not going to happen. Nor am I going to buy an ice cream maker as I know myself too well…it will be used once and left to gather dust for the next 12 months until I remember I like ice cream again. So the only ice cream to have graced our freezer is the shop-bought variety…until now!
I came across this

########
Rank: 12
Score: 59.1586
Retrieved Text: If you are wondering how to make-ice-cream, then you are in for a treat. There is just nothing like that soft, silky texture flavored with your own personal choice of ingredients. This is the very best way to create your very own custom ice cream!
With most basic ice cream machines you will have two standard ways to make-ice-cream. The first is to use a recipe that contains eggs and resembles more of a custard mixture. This custard must be cooked first before being added to your ice cream maker.
The second method, which is normally the quickest, is to prepare the ice cream with no eggs. This is normally done directly into the freezer bowl of the ice cream machine.
The difference between the two methods is the texture of the ice cream. Custard based ice creams normally result in a smoother, creamier and richer ice cream.
Below we have put together some ice cream making tips to help you develop your own recipes and ensure that they turn out fabulous! Enjoy!
If at all possible try to make the ice cream base the night before. This allows the flavors to blend, especially with the custard bases, and it also ensures that your base mixture is cold. Having a cold base allows your ice cream to freeze rapidly and will result in less ice crystals forming.
Allowing your custard to sit helps to develop the flavors as well.
For chocolate ice cream always use a premium chocolate as opposed to cocoa powder as this results in a richer, chocolaty flavor.
Ice cream is

########
Rank: 13
Score: 58.96119
Retrieved Text: I’m not going to lie, I used to judge people who made their own ice cream. They were right up there with people who knitted their own clothing and built all the furniture in their house with their own two hands. Maybe I’m just jealous of their Pinterest perfect ways, but I just didn’t want to be part of their group. Until one day I went over to a friend’s house for a play date and their five year old daughter whipped up some homemade ice cream for us. Seriously. FIVE YEARS OLD. So being the competitive person that I am, I gave it a go myself. And now I am hooked. I will never buy store bought ice cream again. Seriously. Why? Just read through these recipes and you will understand and become inspired. Guaranteed.
As Meghan Trainor likes to sing, we should be “All About That Bass,” but in this case, the base is vanilla or chocolate ice cream. You see, as long as you have a great recipe for both vanilla or chocolate ice cream, your homemade ice cream recipes are LIMITLESS. Seriously. The sky is the limit, and the more creative the better. So, here are my tried and true (and oh so easy) base recipes.
As a rule of thumb, I always combine the dry ingredients and mix them together in a small bowl before slowly adding them into a large bowl filled with the wet ingredients. Then whisk (or use a mixer if you are lazy like me) until the sugar dissolves.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 58.788685
Retrieved Text: Peanut Butter Cup Ice Cream Pie was originally published in September 2014.
Peanut Butter Ice Cream Pie is an easy and delicious dessert! This Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie only needs 5 ingredients, and it feature everyone’s favorite Peanut Butter Cups. This ice cream dessert will be a quick family favorite! Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie is my weakness. Making peanut butter ice cream cake at home has never been easier (or more delicious).
This Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie is filled with 3 of my favorite things: chocolate, peanut butter, and ice cream. Peanut Butter Ice Cream Pie is quite possibly the best dessert ever!
Peanut Butter Cup Ice Cream Pie is exactly what it sounds like. I made a pie out of peanut butter cup ice cream and Oreo pie crust, and topped it with a couple more DELICIOUS things. Making dessert has never been easier than with this 5 ingredient pie!
I’m obsessed with this easy Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie. There’s so much chocolate, peanut butter, and ice cream mixed in here…what’s not to love?! I topped it with more Peanut Butter Cups, hot fudge, and some Cool Whip. Now I’m in heaven. This ice cream pie is so rich, sweet, and chocolatey. YUM!
There’s no cooking involved with this easy dessert recipe either. Just put everything together and put the pie in the freezer to set. Talk about a no-hassle dessert!
Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie…with ice cream! This Peanut Butter Ice Cream Pie is so heavenly.
A couple months ago I made an Easy Mint Chip Ice Cream Pie, and then last

########
Rank: 15
Score: 58.69747
Retrieved Text: It is quite effortless to make an ice cream treat for your family. First time I had eaten the dessert, it is actually at my Mom's home and believed that this dish definitely required a great deal of time in making which I won't have e. However I was surprised to see her doing it so quickly and that too with only a few ingredients. Now whenever I've decided to make this ice cream cake, I've always got really nice comments from my family.
It is possible to prepare at any time through the day and place it inside the deep freeze and serve when you want. You do not need to rush it up during peak schedule. If you're putting together an event in evening, create your dessert during the daytime and freeze them till evening.
Place half the ice cream sandwiches side by side in a cookie tray. Now warm the hot fudge till it is a thin liquid and then spread it over ice cream sandwiches. Place it into the freezer for 10 minutes for the fudge to become thick again. Then take it out of the freezer and spread a layer of cool whip on the ice cream sandwiches. Put the ice cream sandwiches back into the freezer for another round of 10 minutes.
Now position the other half of the ice cream over the prepared frozen ice cream. Heat the caramel sauce after that and spread it over the ice cream dessert. Set again the ice cream inside the freezer for a few more

########
Rank: 16
Score: 58.67388
Retrieved Text: Häagen-Dazs is one of the most luxurious ice creams you can find in a grocery store freezer. It doesn’t matter if you eat it as is or pile on a bunch of toppings, the dessert is always delicious. But did you know that in China, you can actually order Häagen-Dazs hot pot? How can you have cold, meltable ice cream and hot soup? We just had to send one of our reporters to check it out.
You can actually eat Häagen-Dazs hot pot at any of the Häagen-Dazs stores in China, kind of like a Baskin Robbins or Cold Stone Creamery. Our reporter went to a location in Shanghai where she learned that the ice cream hot pot dish has been served for several years.
As soon as our reporter got to the Häagen-Dazs store, she ordered an ice cream hot pot. Soon after, a plate filled with ice cream, cake and fruit that had been frozen using dry ice was placed at her table. She also received hot and smooth chocolate in a separate container.
Our reporter glanced at the dishes set before her. “So you dip the fruits and stuff in the melted chocolate…Oh, it’s fondue!” she realized. “Ah ha! Fondue is just like fancy hot pot. I get the name now,” she added.
▼ It looks just like the picture!
There was a total of nine flavors of Häagen-Dazs ice cream: strawberry, matcha, chocolate, cookies & cream, macadamia nut, passionfruit cheesecake, summer berry, mango, and raspberry sorbet. There was also strawberries, grapes, and kiwi, as well as three

########
Rank: 17
Score: 58.43719
Retrieved Text: Chickpea-Nut Butter Ice Cream: Ice cream that’s made with chickpeas, plant-based milk, dates and peanut butter. So basically, a frozen dessert that’s high in fiber, healthy fats, protein (depending on the milk you use) and sweetened with fruit.
To be honest, I kept this recipe from you guys since Christmas. I know, so selfish! In my defense, ice cream didn’t feel like an appropriate recipe to share during winter. Especially not with the cold weather we had in December and January.
So why did I even make this recipe in December in the first place? Well, because it was supposed to be freezer fudge. Turns out, it had a texture similar to ice cream… I’m not mad about that at all.
The other reason I kept this recipe hidden for so long is because I wanted to share a video with it. I started learning how to make recipe videos in January and I shared my first video last month, so I waited until now to share this recipe and a video to go with it! Now I no some of you probably would have liked the recipe without really caring for a video, but that’s where my reason number one comes in.
Now that it’s (almost) summer, I’m ready to share my current favorite ice cream recipe!
Since my sugary ice cream eating days are over, I decided to make my own peanut butter ice cream.
Now, this one doesn’t have peanut butter cups added, but it’s close enough. The whole ice cream is peanut butter flavored, plus I like to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 58.32163
Retrieved Text: If you're looking to make homemade ice cream but don't have an ice cream maker, don't worry. In the latest edition of Mad Genius Tips, Food & Wine culinary director Justin Chapple shows you how to make your favorite dessert without all that equipment. All you need is sweetened condensed milk, whipped cream and a loaf pan to achieve that store-bought texture (okay, and a reliable spatula for mixing).
Chapple demonstrates his no-churn ice cream technique with an American classic: rocky road. Not only is it super simple to make, but it's also really quick. Once you have your ingredients together and your heavy cream whipped, it takes no more than five minutes to put the ice cream mixture together. Once it’s done chilling in the freezer, scoop it into the waffle cones and you'll never need to stand in line at the ice cream store again.
Use espresso powder alongside your unsweetened cocoa powder in order to intensify the ice cream’s chocolate flavor.
Be sure to fold the whipped cream into your condensed milk mixture, instead of stirring it in, so that you don’t deflate the whipped cream. Scoop one-third of the whipped cream in first, fold, then add the rest, and continue folding until you have a chocolate mousse-like texture with no white streaks.
Press plastic wrap gently on top of the mixture once it’s in the chilled loaf pan. Plastic wrap ensures that ice crystals don’t form on top of your ice cream. Chill it in the freezer for at least six hours (but preferably overnight).
This article

########
Rank: 19
Score: 58.164207
Retrieved Text: Make homemade ice cream in exactly the flavor you crave. 31 flavors? We've got way more including peach, pumpkin, even coconut-avocado.
Once you learn the basics, you can churn out any flavor you can dream up.
See how to make this luxuriously creamy ice cream.
Espresso and chocolate are a match made in ice cream heaven. Serve as a soft ice cream or allow it to ripen in the freezer.
No-cook, no eggs, made with half-and-half and cream. Great, simple, classic vanilla ice cream! This is designed for an old-fashioned ice cream maker that yields 1 gallon; be sure to scale recipe down if you have a countertop model.
Turn the water from a can of chickpeas, aquafaba, into a delicious, vegan dark chocolate ice cream with this clever, 5-ingredient recipe.
This vibrant frozen dessert offers fresh berry flavor at its best.
An old-fashioned cooked custard ice cream base, made with just egg yolks, cream, half-and-half, and sugar, makes the richest, smoothest, creamiest homemade ice cream. Add any flavor you like.
This creamy smooth blueberry coconut ice cream made with lemon juice, ground flax seeds, and xanthan gum is an easy treat to make for vegans.
This rich, creamy custard-style ice cream has a deep chocolate-cinnamon flavor.
White rum and chocolate turn this creamy ice cream, infused with mint leaves and coffee, into an adult-friendly treat.
"This is a GREAT mint chocolate chip ice cream that I discovered by accident. The 2% milk makes the ice cream taste 'lighter' I think."
This is a very rich, custard style chocolate ice cream.
Use this easy recipe to make vanilla ice

########
Rank: 20
Score: 58.125305
Retrieved Text: “Would anyone like dessert? We have homemade ice cream today,” the server noted.
“No, I am fine without dessert,” they all said in chorus.
I was with a group of nutrition specialists at the time. Although I really wanted some homemade ice cream, I succumbed to this positive peer influence. However, I don’t think anyone would have cast a disapproving glance in my direction if I had ordered a dessert.
I exercised some self-restraint and shook my head as the server retrieved my dessert menu. However, I really wanted some ice cream.
All week, I thought about the refreshing, creamy ice cream I would enjoy when I arrived back home. I was even thinking about making it from scratch using our ice cream maker.
On my last day at the conference, I packed my suitcase and went to the lobby to check out of the hotel before catching a shuttle to the airport. Dozens of people were clustered around a large display populated by chefs holding scoops.
I had walked into the hotel’s celebration of National Ice Cream Day. You could top your treat with assorted toppings and enjoy your frozen dessert in a cup or cone.
I had to pinch myself to be sure I wasn’t dreaming as I stepped into the line to get a scoop of chocolate ice cream. I added fresh raspberries and enjoyed every delicious bite.
Ice cream has a long history and many fans, but no one has been credited officially as the undisputed inventor of ice cream. Historical accounts make references to ice creamlike treats dating as

########
Rank: 21
Score: 58.08473
Retrieved Text: Many people have asked me where they can find the triple chocolate marshmallow ice-cream mentioned in Hero. It’s one of Fink’s favourite deserts and lots of fun to make, just try not to make too much of a mess in the kitchen.
Place the bowl in the freezer and chill for at least 30 minutes.
If you’re not using mini marshmallows, cut them into quarters. Likewise, if you aren’t using chocolate chips, chop the chocolate into small pieces. Do this before proceeding to the next step.
Once the bowl has been in the freezer for 30 minutes, take the ice-cream out of the freezer (but leave the bowl in the freezer) and let it soften for 5-10 minutes, or until the ice-cream is soft enough to scoop out easily.
Working quickly, take the bowl out of the freezer and scoop ALL of the ice-cream into it. Keep the ice-cream container.
Add the chocolate chips and marshmallows to the ice-cream and stir through. Do not over-stir the ice-cream.
Put the ice-cream back into its original container, replace the lid and put it back in the freezer for at least 30 minutes.
If you can’t find chocolate chips or mini marshmallows, get regular chocolate and marshmallows and chop them up as directed in step 2.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 58.040726
Retrieved Text: Let’s start with some great news: you don’t need an ice cream maker for this recipe! Ice cream makers are fantastic kitchen gadgets to have allowing you to make several ice cream flavors right in the comfort of your own home. Although you may want to invest in one eventually, today you can still make this frozen treat without it. And you will not be disappointed either, since most people assume that unless you have an ice cream maker your homemade ice cream won’t be creamy and smooth as the store-bought variety.
Our recipe mimics the texture of artisanal ice cream by adding our Once Again Creamy Cashew Butter to the mix prior to freezing. Cashew butter has the ideal balance of natural sugars and fats that deliver the creaminess you expect from ice cream. The appeal of ice cream making at home is also in the fact that you can pick the ingredients and therefore avoid unnecessary additives and artificial ingredients added to the manufactured options of grocery store varieties.
Our base for this ice cream recipe consists of the following: frozen banana, adding the sweetness to our cream, avocado, which has high fat content and freezes well, and our Once Again Cashew Butter. To this combination at the appropriate ratio given below in the recipe, you can add your own twist of flavors. For example, you could add frozen berries instead of chocolate, or frozen mango and pineapple as well. We recently tried coconut flakes, pineapple and a splash of orange juice, which was another winning

########
Rank: 23
Score: 58.02969
Retrieved Text: This Low-Carb Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream boasts creamy minty goodness, but can still be a part of low-carb, Atkins, diabetic, LC/HF, gluten-free, and Banting diets.
Today is St. Patrick’s day so we wanted to go green. Whenever I think of green food, the first thing that comes to mind is mint. Mint has a clean, refreshing flavor that makes it a great end to a meal. Pair up mint with some chocolate and we have a flavor combination that has become classic for a reason.
I love this recipe because there is very little “hands on” time. It only takes about 10 minutes to get it in the ice cream freezer, then you just let the appliance do the work. There is no stovetop involvement, so it’s just easy. It’s a great recipe for raw dairy fans because the cream stays raw. Just be sure you any raw dairy you use is from a reputable source.
If you don’t have an ice cream freezer, you can make this recipe by placing the prepared ice cream mixture in a covered container in the freezer. Stir every half hour or so, or until it is entirely frozen. I don’t particularly like making it this way because it takes longer and it’s easy to forget to stir it. If you forget to stir it, it gets bit on the hard side. In general, I think ice cream made in an ice cream freezer has a creamier texture and takes less time to make.
and store the freezer bowl in the freezer. This

########
Rank: 24
Score: 57.949837
Retrieved Text: it’s a lot of fun having kids home for the summer break, do not get me wrong! but there are two things i’ve been struggling with :: 1. keeping kids entertained, and 2. they are eating me out of house and home.
i don’t know what it is but they eat all.day.long. they are constantly asking for more and more food. maybe it’s because they’re growing like weeds, or maybe it’s because they think there is nothing to do and it fills the boredom gap. either way, making these ice cream cookie sandwiches is a great way to both give them something to do that they love helping with (baking), and also giving them a fun treat to eat.
this past week we made these ice cream cookie sandwiches using cookie dough i had in the freezer. every couple of weeks we make a double batch of chocolate chips cookies in our (aff link) Bosch stand mixer (it’s high-capacity, so you really can make a ton of cookies!), scoop them with an ice cream scoop (so they each bake to approx the same size) into dough balls, flash freeze them, and then keep them in a freezer-safe bag until we’re ready to bake some off. this time we decided to add some ice cream and create our own ice cream sandwiches. i love these because you get the yumminess from the chocolate chip cookies, and the cool creaminess of the ice cream. and during the summer heat, it’s a great combination!
you can use whatever kind of chocolate chip

########
Rank: 25
Score: 57.809677
Retrieved Text: Today I am partnering with my go-to ice cream brand, Hudsonville Ice Cream, to share instructions for how to make festive Valentine’s Day Ice Cream Sandwiches!
Valentine’s Day is just a week away! Don’t panic. I am sharing an easy and adorable dessert that will make your Valentine’s Day celebration a little bit sweeter.
You can make these ice cream sandwiches with any ice cream flavor, but I used Hudsonville’s Limited Edition Chocolate Raspberry Indulgence. This flavor combines dark chocolate and white chocolate ice creams with a natural raspberry ripple. I love the contrast of the rich creamy ice cream and the fresh raspberry flavor.
I found Hudsonville Ice Cream’s Chocolate Raspberry Indulgence at Tony’s Finer Foods in Chicago. You can use Hudsonville Ice Cream’s Scoop Locator to find a store near you that carries the brand. Right now, you can get a coupon for $3 off two cartons of Hudsonville Ice Cream’s current Limited Edition flavors (Chocolate Raspberry Indulgence and Hazelnut Cinnamon Bun) by following this link.
I love working with Hudsonville Ice Cream not only because I love their products, but because it’s a delicious ice cream made by a brand that prides itself on treating their employees like family. Another part of the brand’s ethics is rooted in tradition. The brand has been using the same base recipe for most flavors since 1926, and it’s one of the creamiest ice creams that I have tasted. They also have a huge variety of flavors! They have over 50 flavors ranging from my favorite vanilla, the Creamery Blend Vanilla,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 57.667213
Retrieved Text: A few days ago, we bought Teochew yam mooncakes for our relatives. At our relatives' place, they opened the mooncake box, Pei Pei was happy to see the mooncake in her favourite colour - purple. Then Hao Hao said, "I want BLACK mooncake!"
Oh, where can I find BLACK mooncake??!
Suddenly, an idea came into my mind - I'm going to make ice-cream mooncake coated with chocolate!
As I made this decision on Sunday, by the time I went to Phoon Huat to look for mooncake moulds on Monday, there was only one type of mould, which costs $13.90. It is a bit out of my budget. So I bought a plastic mould ($2.20) that is meant for making konnyaku instead.
The ice-cream was made without ice-cream maker.
The mooncakes were "sweating". They wanted to go back to the freezer, but unfortunately, they ended up in our stomachs!
Break the dark chocolate into small pieces. Melt the chocolate in microwave oven for 1 minute. Alternatively, you can put the chocolate into a small metal or ceramic bowl, and put in a hot water bath.
Coat the mould with molten chocolate. Put the mould into the freezer.
Warm the milk in a saucepan over low heat, do not boil it. Take a few spoonfuls of warm milk and mix with Matcha powder in a bowl, until the powder is dissolved. Add the mixture back to the saucepan of warm milk.
Beat egg yolks and sugar in a big bowl.
Add the mixture from Step 4 into the saucepan of Matcha milk on stove with low heat, until

########
Rank: 27
Score: 57.56863
Retrieved Text: Hot times, Takedowns in the city! Sunday afternoon at Brooklyn’s The Bell House, ringmaster of “The Takedown” and budding local celebrity Matt Timms returned to his home turf for the 2013 “Ice Cream Takedown.” And on a July 4th weekend in the throws of a major heatwave everyone in attendance was happy to consume these homemade frozen creations.
Shortly after 2pm, a completely sold out crowd of Takedown veterans and virgins filed into the main room at The Bell House to sample thirty home cooks’ personalized versions of ice cream. As always Timms took to the microphone with heavy metal blaring in the background to deliver the important rules of the road for keeping the lines moving so everyone gets enough to eat. Our crew wasted nary a moment to get down on the action. Our first two stops were extremely indicative of how inventive these cooks truly have become. The first was a “Blueberry Buttermilk Moonshine Sherbert” created by Daisy, a local “Takedown” favorite. Choosing to make a sherbet was a risk, with a blast of real blueberry flavors coupled with the unique finish of roasted corn. Mere feet away from this first tasting, we met the crew who created their take on “Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream.” Each bite combined sweet with heat in a satisfying manner.
These samples were followed by everything from a cannoli style ice cream cone to a passion fruit rendition with every base covered in between. Even former Supermodel and “America’s Next Top Model” host Tyra Banks made her way out to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 57.56727
Retrieved Text: “Just a few more tweaks” should be my mantra; Rarely able to stick to a recipe as written, either from a trusted resource or even my own pen, it’s near impossible for me to cook the same dish twice without throwing in something new. It must be that perfectionist streak that pops up from time to time, compelling me to create an even better recipe, no matter how well loved the original is. There are many worse compulsions to have, indeed, and I’m not complaining about this quirk of mine, especially when it often leads in such delicious directions. However, when I finally stumble upon something so good that I feel entirely content with the ingredients, directions, and results, I stop and take notice; This has got to be one serious home run-sort a dish.
My only dismay is how long I’ve kept this gem under wraps, as I sat on this lovely recipe for nearly a whole year before realizing that I never felt the need to change it once, no matter how many repeat performances it made in the kitchen. Dubious about making such big proclamations about plain old chocolate ice cream, I curbed my enthusiasm, but really, it’s so much more when it’s done right. Originally formulated to serve at a catered affair through Health in a Hurry, it does make one huge batch. Fear not; it can very easily and painlessly be reduced to 1/3, which will make it small enough to churn in most ice cream machines.
In a large sauce pan, combine

########
Rank: 29
Score: 57.466488
Retrieved Text: Easy Ice cream recipes – Making these 15 delicious Ice cream recipes at home is very simple and easy. Whether you have a Icecream maker or not, you can make these Homemade Ice cream recipes with the help of my simple step by step photos. These are great to make anytime for kids’ parties & celebrations. All the Ice cream recipes shared here are eggless and made without colors and artificial additives.
These turn out to be much more creamy and rich than the Icecreams available in tubs.
The best part about these homemade Ice creams is they can be made with best the quality milk, cream and sugar. We can also control the quantity of fats and sweeteners.
To make these recipes use whipping cream or heavy cream. If you live in India then you can use amul cream with 25% fats or milky mist fresh cream. I have shared more details in the posts.
Mango ice cream recipe made with fresh mangoes and cream. I have shared 2 recipes to make mango ice cream in this post. This is great to make when ripe mangoes are in season. However the recipe works even with canned mango pulp.
Pistachio ice cream made with full fat milk and cream. This is one of the most delicious I have ever made. It is a kids’ favorite at home and is great to have it on the kids’ birthday party menu. This can be made with and without a icecream machine. You can also make this in a kitchen aid.
No churn vanilla ice

================



======= Instance Index 468 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Melt marshmallows and butter for Rice crispie treats

Choice 1: Add a bag of mini marshmallows and a tablespoon of butter to a pan, over low heat. let this ferment for two days Stir until melted.

Choice 2: Add a bag of mini marshmallows and a tablespoon of butter to a pan, over low heat. Stir until melted.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 62.21927
Retrieved Text: A ready made cereal that can be used for some quick, inexpensive treats. This guide contains rice crispie treat tips and tricks.
Cereal treats can be quite messy to make, especially when you are pressing them into the pan. The next time you make cereal treats, put a sandwich bag over your hand and spray it with non-stick spray. Now when you press the treats down they won't stick to you or the baggie.
I have been making rice crispies treats a long time. This morning (it's 5 a.m. here) was no exception. I melted the butter, put the marshmallows in, let them melt. In the meantime I poured the rice crispies into a metal bowl and set aside. I stirred the marshmallows until melted and than here's what I did different. I poured the melted marshmallow/butter mixture over the top of the rice crispies that were in the metal bowl.
Then I went and put hot soapy water into the pan that I melted the marshmallows in and came back to my metal bowl and wallah! the melted marshmallows did most of the work for me, it had run down into the crispies. Because it was a metal bowl it stayed warm for me to do a final stir and pouring the mixture into a cake pan was a breeze.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.645245
Retrieved Text: Check out this spin on the original Kellogg’s Rice Krispies Treats recipe. Cranberry Rice Krispies Treats are the perfect, easy, no bake dessert to bring to a Christmas Potluck or just to devour on your own. This dried cranberry recipe even has fruit in it…so it’s healthy. Right? Eh not really.
I Love Rice Krispies Treats!
Right? How could butter, marshmallow, and crispy rice cereal be bad? Did you know the original Rice Krispies recipe didn’t even call for marshmallows? Up until the official Rice Krispie treats were invented in 1939 by two Kellogg’s employees named Malitta Jensen and Mildred Day, things like molasses, were mixed with puffed rice which resulted in a much stickier, less ooey gooey treat like the marshmallow Rice Krispies Treats we love today.
It’s so easy to make Rice Krispies Treats that even a little kid could do it. Seriously, just melt a stick of butter in a large pot. Add mini marshmallows and let them melt. Then Just add Rice Krispies treats (aka crisp rice cereal). Pour the mixture into a greased 9×13 pan, let cool, and then cut into squares.
Of course there are endless variations. You could change out the cereal and use Cocoa Krispies for chocolate ones, Lucky Charms, or Cap’n Crunch. You could do Nutella Rice Krispies Treats , Salted Brown Butter Rice Krispies Treats, or even cheesy Rice Krispie’s Treats! Well here’s a tart, fruity take on the classic Rice KrispiesTreats Recipe. I also love dried cranberries so adding them to Rice Krispies Treats is kind of the perfect

########
Rank: 2
Score: 50.57834
Retrieved Text: Candy Corn Rice Krispie Treats - It's Gravy, Baby!
This cooler fall weather combined with nesting has put me in the mood to cook more, bake, and make fun treats. Everyone in our family loves the original Rice Krispie Treats so I had to try out these Candy Corn Rice Krispie Treats. While these Candy Corn Rice Krispie Treats are delicious as is, I’m going to try them dipped in white chocolate and sprinkles next time.
Melt butter in large saucepan on low heat. Add marshmallows, constantly stirring, until melted and well blended.
Remove from heat. Add Rice Krispie cereal and candy corn, mix well.
Grease a 13x9 pan and press the mixture onto the bottom of the pan.
If you prefer, you may melt the butter in the microwave. Add the marshmallows and toss to coat them with butter then microwave until the marshmallows are melted.
I just bought some of the Starburst candy corn. I need to try them in rice krispies treats. Neat idea.
My Husband is a nut about Rice Krispie Treats and I know he would love these!
Those look super yummy and festive for Halloween.
Two of my favorite things, candy corn and rice krispies. Delicious!
i never thought about putting candy corn in the rice krispies treats,must try..thank you for sharing.
wow i’m in love.. candy corn is like my absolute favorite candy ! !! !
This is almost irresistible! Will have to make these asap.
Never thought of doing this. Looks really good.
i have not seen this recipe before – great idea for halloween!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 49.98953
Retrieved Text: We just had an Avengers party over here.
I am hoping to have all my photo edited and ready to show you by Monday. Costumes are done and Halloween is over, so the chances are a lot better now.
Today I am sharing just one little bit of the party. I am showing you these Rice Crispie Treat Pops.
Cake pops are all the rage. Unfortunately, I seem slightly inept at making the oh-so-awesome cake pops. I can't roll them smooth enough. The sticks never stay put. Then the chocolate goes on haphazardly. Hours later I am nothing short of miffed. How does the famous Bakerella do it? I bow down to her awesomeness.
So from cake pop frustration, these Rice Crispie Treat Pops were born.
So easy. So pretty. So yummy!
Melt the marshmallows with the butter for 1 minute at 50 percent power. Stir. Repeat for 30 seconds at a time until melted.
Have cereal in a bowl set aside waiting for it's dear friend melted mallow.
Pour that melted mallow over the cereal.
Mix well. Press the mixture into a greased 9x13 pan.
The rice cereal mallow mixture needs to set up for 20-30 minutes. Long enough to be set up, but short enough to still be soft and pliable.
While you are waiting, gather some extra lovely and especially awesome straws.
Now that the cereal treat is ready, take a small palm full. Please feel free to ignore my E.T. hand. Just focus on the yummy cereal goodness.
Place a straw in the center of your palm full of treat. Mold the cereal around the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.867622
Retrieved Text: My friend has discovered the formula for perfect, soft rice krispie treats. Enjoy!!
Melt the butter and marshmallows over medium heat in a giant pot. Remove from heat and stir in the rice krispies. It will all just barely fit in a 9x13 pan (don't smash too hard - we're not making bricks!). Be sure to butter both the pan and your hands before transferring it. I didn't even use name brand cereal or marshmallows, but with the different marshmallow to cereal ratio, the vanilla flavor in the marshmallows really takes over and is awesome. Super thick, super gooey treats.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.975918
Retrieved Text: It would probably be better to make something Irish for St. Patrick’s Day.
Corned beef and cabbage. Colcannon. Irish soda bread.
But, if your tastes are like mine and tend toward the trashy, then grab a box of Lucky Charms and a sack of marshmallows.
We’re making Lucky Charms Treats.
Just melt a few tablespoons of butter, add your marshmallows, and stir in the cereal.
I like to go half Lucky Charms, half Rice Krispies, since the Krispies keep the treats from getting too hard as they set. Also, if you stir in the Krispies first, the mixture has time to cool a little, so you don’t melt your pink hearts, blue moons and green clovers.
Hourglasses? When did they start adding those?
To take the whimsy completely to the edge, drizzle each treat with melted white chocolate, and add sprinkles.
To get the best texture, I mix the Lucky Charms with Rice Krispies. The hollow Krispies provide some “give,” so the treats don’t get too hard over time.
Grease a 9 x 13-inch baking dish with nonstick spray. Set aside.
Melt butter over low to medium heat in a large saucepan.
Add marshmallows, and stir until melted. Take the pan off the heat.
Add Rice Krispies, and stir until well coated.
Stir in the Lucky Charms.
Using a spatula, transfer the cereal mixture to your prepared dish. Coat your hands with nonstick spray, and press down the mixture evenly.
While the treats are still warm, add sprinkles, if using.
Let the treats cool, and cut into 2-inch squares. Drizzle on melted white chocolate, if using. Store in an airtight container.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.895004
Retrieved Text: These colorful treats are fun twist on plain old rice krispies. I made these for a birthday party bash and I loved how festive these were!
I’d actually never made rice krispies before – I didn’t realize how messy they are to make! So much marshmallow stickiness! But totally worth it. And easy to whip up in a few minutes, which is always a plus!
I don’t know when I last purchased Trix, but they definitely have a slightly more natural look to them now. That’s probably not a bad thing. They still have the same slightly fruity flavor.
Line a 13x9 baking pan with aluminum foil then spray lightly with cooking spray; set aside.
Melt butter over low heat in a large pot. Once butter is melted, add all but 2 cups of marshmallows, vanilla and salt. Cook and stir over low heat until marshmallows are completely melted. Once mixture is smooth, add remaining 2 cups of marshmallows and stir to incorporate. Marshmallows will mostly melt but those little lumps that are left are going to add little pockets of marshmallow awesomeness to the treats.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.3062
Retrieved Text: I don't know about you, but these days I loathe turning on my oven. It is just SO hot outside, I do everything in my power to avoid adding any heat inside. Which is why I have been loving no-bake desserts!
The most popular no-bake dessert has to be the Rice Krispie Treat. They are easy and quick to make, and now there are so many different flavors and varieties so you will never get bored.
My current favorite Rice Krispie Treat flavor is this peanut butter chocolate Rice Krispie Treat! It's like a cross between a Reeses Peanut Butter Cup and a Rice Krispie Treat. Two of my favorite things!
The best part is that they only require a few more ingredients and they're just as easy to make as your traditional cereal treat!
In a large saucepan, melt together butter and chocolate. Once the chocolate is melted, stir in the cocoa powder and peanut butter.
Then pour in the marshmallows and let them melt a bit over the heat before stirring them into the rest of the ingredients.
Once the marshmallows are completely melted, pour the mixture over the Rice Krispies and immediately stir to coat the cereal in that delicious marshmallow mixture.
Then dump everything into a baking pan that has been lined with some parchment. Use a spatula to press the mixture into the corners and to flatten out into one large sheet of delicious Peanut Butter Chocolate Rice Krispie Treats.
It only takes a few minutes (about 30) for these treats to set, then you can cut into them

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.22822
Retrieved Text: Spice up classic crispie treats by adding cinnamon imperials and inserting Cupid's arrow as a sweet embellishment. It's the perfect combination of sweet and spicy.
2. Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add marshmallows and stir continuously until melted.
3. Add cereal and stir until completely incorporated.
4. Add cinnamon candies and incorporate fully.
5. Apply a small amount of butter to your hands. Gather enough mixture to make one-inch balls and roll, squeezing gently.
6. If none of the candies make it to the surface, poke in a few that have fallen to the bottom of the bowl.
8. Before serving, insert arrow in the very center of each crispie (see directions below).
1. Print the chevron template.
2. Cut out the chevrons inside the outlines (Image 1, left).
3. Apply glue to just the center of two chevrons.
4. Press the non-pointed end of the skewer to the glued side of one of the chevrons.
5. Press the other glued chevron onto the top of the skewer to sandwich it between the two papers, leaving about 1/8-inch of space at the top.
6. While holding the skewer in your hand, use your thumbnail and fingernail to pinch to seal the paper together as closely to the skewer as possible.
7. Snip diagonal lines about 1/8-inch apart up both sides of the chevron to create a feathered look (Image 1, right).
8. Allow to dry completely before using (Image 2).

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.95061
Retrieved Text: Okay, so this isn’t really a recipe, but it’s worth posting because OH MY GOSH THESE ARE SO GOOD.
If you’ve never made brown butter before, it really brings a deeper, more complex flavor and much-needed oomph to any recipe… these krispy treats included. It almost adds a warm, toasted marshmallow-y flavor to these treats which really makes them even more delicious!
And did ya know that rice krispy treats happen to be one of my favorite desserts ever? And that 99% of the time, I’ll just eat the goop instead of actually making the treats? So it’s actually kind of miraculous that I have actual treats to show you today, because I managed to resist my insane urge to stick my hands in the bowl and binge.
The best part about this recipe is that it’s completely adaptable to your preferences. If you’d like, feel free to use Fruity Pebbles or even Cocoa Pebbles. You can also use flavored marshmallows as well to bring out different flavors to these easy, scrumptious treats. Or try drizzling these with salted caramel sauce for an added richness. It’s seriously limited to your imagination!
Enough yapping – let’s get down to business!
These Brown Butter Rice Krispy Treats are so rich, sinfully delicious, buttery and irresistible!
In a medium saucepot, melt the butter over medium-low heat. Once the butter has melted, keep a watchful eye on it while whisking it. In about 5 minutes, it'll turn a deep amber color after foaming and fizzing for awhile. Remove it immediately from the heat once you see

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.767506
Retrieved Text: For day two of our Twelve Days of Christmas I am sharing Crispy Marshmallow Squares. These are the perfect quick and easy holiday candy. They only contain three ingredients. You cannot get much more simple than that.
In a large bowl melt chocolate chips in microwave on 50% power stirring every 30 seconds until melted.
Stir in rice krispies and marshmallows.
Spread into pan and cool. I place them into the refrigerator to cool.
For more great Christmas ideas please visit the other bloggers joining me on this series.
Oh, Lynn!! 2/2! These remind me of my dad’s favorite – nut goodie bar. Chocolate, peanuts, peanut butter & marshmallows. But, as you know, those are now off limits. So, these will be a great substitute. Thanks.
These are based on an old recipe that I made with peanut butter. I was surprised that they turned out so well without the pb. No nuts and peanuts has made be creative when it comes to candy making, which is probably a good thing because I am finding all kinds of new favorites.
YUM! Why didn’t I think about putting chocolate in my rice krispie treats?!
Oh my goodness!!! And you don’t even have to melt the marshmallows and get your pots all messy like with regular rice krispie treats! I LOVE THIS and I can’t wait to try it!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.764492
Retrieved Text: In our recent taste tests, these were definitely the winners! I think these won because they tasted the most like traditional Rice Krispie Treats, but they were cranked up a notch, a big notch. The browned butter and the sea salt makes such a DIVINE difference. You’ll know when you taste them. Look at all that was left to photograph! My older daughter wants me to throw out the original recipe for Rice Krispie Treats and just use this one from now on.
I didn’t want to up this recipe to use a 9 x 13 pan, because there is quite a bit of butter in this recipe–and it has to be browned, which can be a tricky step. I’d suggest making two batches, rather than one larger batch, if you are trying to feed a crowd.
I did put my batch in a 7×11 pan, rather than the specified 8×8 pan.
I found this recipe at Smitten Kitchen.
Butter (or coat with non-stick spray) an 8-inch square cake pan. In a large pot, melt butter over medium-low heat. It will melt, then foam, then turn clear golden and finally start to turn brown and smell nutty. Stir frequently, scraping up any bits from the bottom as you do. Don’t take your eyes off the pot, the period between the time the butter begins to take on color and the point where it burns is often less than a minute. As soon as the butter takes on a nutty color, turn the heat off and stir in the marshmallows. The

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.300083
Retrieved Text: This is an easy recipe to brighten your afternoon snack or surprise your unsuspecting child at lunch. This recipe was born out of desperation, when I found myself with 2 incredibly large boxes of Corn Flakes (a cereal we never buy). I was racking my brain for ways to use the cereal in fun and creative ways (as opposed to, you know, wasting it). And as I looked around my kitchen, the perfect idea popped into my head.
The thing I love about Rice Krispy Treats is that they are a versatile treat. Like, you are essentially just melting cereal together. So when you look at it that way THINK OF THE POSSIBILITIES. Thanks to my friend Rachel, I now make Luck O' The Irish Treats every St. Patrick's Day (utilizing good ol' Lucky Charms, of course). And once in a while I've made Rice Krispy Treats with Cheerios just to change it up.
I wanted to spruce up the otherwise basic recipe, so I added a few fun things. And the result was FLIPPIN' DELECTABLE. I love them roughly 10 times more than regular Rice Krispy Treats.
It's amazing how changing up 3 or 4 ingredients can really just make an entirely new treat. Unfortunately I am not creative in the naming department, so "Better Than Rice Krispy Treat Treats" is the best I could do.
I'm open to new suggestions.
In a large pot sprayed with cooking spray, melt the 2 TBS of butter. Once it is melted, tilt the pot to spread the butter around and coat the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 46.251606
Retrieved Text: Nothing says "summertime" like a tasty watermelon treat. But this dessert only looks like the fruit. These Watermelon Rice Krispie Treats are festive for the hot weather, plus, they're mess-free. (We're sure we won't hear any complaints from our kids.) The pretty watermelon fake-out will be the prefect dessert for your next barbecue.
1. Spray a 9-inch round cake pan with non-stick cooking spray, set aside.
2. For the rind, melt 1 1/2 tablespoons butter in a medium non-stick saucepan over medium heat.
3. Add in 2 1/2 cups marshmallows as well as the green food coloring, stirring until the marshmallows have melted.
4. Remove from heat and stir in 2 cups rice cereal until evenly coated.
5. Pour into the prepared cake pan, let cool slightly, then spray hands with non-stick cooking spray and press around the outer edge.
6. Rinse and dry saucepan for the middle part of the watermelon. Melt 2 1/2 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Add in the remaining marshmallows and red food coloring, stirring until the marshmallows have melted.
7. Remove from heat and stir in the remaining cereal.
8. Repeat step 5, pressing the red portion of the watermelon into the center.
9. Let slightly cool, then sprinkle the chocolate chip "seeds" over the middle section (the warmer treats will make the chips stay in place). Then cut into 6 wedges and enjoy!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.96058
Retrieved Text: Any time I see Biscoff or brown butter in a recipe, I perk up and my eyes get a little bigger. I love those two ingredients and they're even better when you you combine them to make these Salted Brown Butter Biscoff Treats. Rice Krispy treats are so easy to make and they're perfect to make any time of year and I've never met any one who didn't like them. I've made Brown Butter and Spice Rice Treats for years but decided to try something a little different this time.
Biscoff, if you're not familiar with it, is a creamy spread very similar in consistency to peanut butter, but it's completely nut free because it's made from crushed up Biscoff (Lotus Brand) cookies. They are lightly spiced, caramelized cookies that are quite addicting. When you make it into a spread and can then shovel it into your mouth with a spoon, it becomes heavenly! Mixed with the earthy, nutty flavors of browned butter and accented with sea salt, these treats become irresistible. Hubby said these were amazing, and he rarely dishes out that compliment.
Butter a 9x9-inch pan. Place the marshmallows in a large bowl and set aside.
In a small saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Continue to cook, swirling the pot occasionally until the butter boils and becomes foamy. It will turn golden brown and start to smell nutty. Once the butter stops sizzling and the foam subsides, it is ready. Keep an eye on it because you don't want it to burn. This could take

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.804745
Retrieved Text: Rice Krispie Treats are probably the easiest snack to make. I do find munching on the mini marshmallows a little bit distracting though.
1. Melt butter in a pot on medium-low heat and put in marshmallows.
2. Stir till melted (3 minutes).
3. Remove pot from stove. Pour in rice krispie.
4. Put in glass pan in a thin layer.
5. After it is cooled down, cut in into small pieces and roll them up if you like.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.768147
Retrieved Text: The Rice Crispy Treat For ONE (maybe 2) | Kaprise!
The problem with purchasing Rice Crispy (or Krispy, whatever) is that you inevitably get one of those gargantuan slabs of over-sweet goop with soggy rice cereal… or even worse? It’s hard as a brick. I abhor crappy treats.
So, on my way home, I perused some recipes, and again the problem? You get an entirely obscene amount of treats. I mean… really… 6 cups of cereal? One ENTIRE bag of marshmallows? 6 tablespoons of butter? And for those of us who do live alone and have VERY little self restraint, this turns into making an entire sheet of treats, followed by stuffing it into one’s open mouth. Trust me… I know. And if you DO manage not to wolf the entire sheet of treats down in one sitting, or one day – the second day you are left with these sad, dry, and hard treats that are no longer palatable.
So… the only solution? To make your treats in exactly the serving size you want. I used a not-too-dainty amount of cereal, with a dab of butter and just a few marshmallows for a perfectly reasonable sized treat. You could share if you wanted to, but I recommend against it. I pressed mine, every so gently, into a resealable container before devouring mine.
Another note – I also love a caramelized treat, but one that is still chewy – which is difficult since sugar hardens as it caramelizes into that delicious brown color. To accomplish this feat in rice crispy

########
Rank: 17
Score: 45.570034
Retrieved Text: Last year I showed you how to create some delicious simple Easter treats so I thought this year I would bring the tradition back and think of something new to do! Last year’s recipes included Crème Egg Cookies, Chocolate Nests and Marshmallow Bark.
These rice crispie nests are really easy to make and don’t cost the earth in ingredients. They are a great change to your standard nests and an alternative version of my Chocolate Nests from last year.
Start off by melting 300g white chocolate. I chose to break mine up and put it in the microwave and heat through, stirring every 30 seconds until melted. When your chocolate has melted, stir in some rice crispies. There are no exact quantities for this, just add enough that they get coated with the chocolate. Place your rice crispie mixture into cupcake cases with a spoon.
Next, melt 100g of milk chocolate and using the same method as you did with the rise crispies, add the all-bran and coat well with the chocolate. Add a teaspoon of the chocolatey all bran to the tops of your rice crispie treats and finish off with a couple of mini eggs on top.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 45.356167
Retrieved Text: My son loves rice krispies treats. So when we were watching Pioneer Woman together on Saturday and saw her make some marshmallow rice krispies treats with whole mini marshmallows in the treat we knew we had to give it a try. We went right into making some treats after watching the show. I came up with my own recipe using the idea of whole marshmallows in the treat. I honestly am not a huge fan of marshmallows or rice krispies treats, but since I added some of my favorite ingredients like chocolate and coconut I was hooked. I love learning new things and I will never forget this tip of adding whole marshmallows into my rice krispies treats. Thank you Pioneer Woman!
On medium low heat, melt butter/margarine and 10oz of the mini marshmallows. When melted add the rice cereal, chocolate chips and coconut.
Then fold in the remaining mini marshmallows. Butter a pan (I like Pyrex). Pour mixture into a buttered baking dish and press down. Tip: I used wax paper over the mixture so I could press down the with my hands. Top with remaining coconut and chocolate chips for garnish (press them down too). Allow to sit for 2 hours and cut into squares and serve.
These look dangerously terrific! I love the coconut addition, so sweet ant tasty!
I love Pioneer Woman's recipes!
Chocolate and coconut in a rice krispies...I bet these were amazing!
Um wow! I want like 20 of these in my mouth right now!
I love the mallows! As if rice crispies needed any improvement...you've improved

########
Rank: 19
Score: 45.29881
Retrieved Text: Simple and delicious, these Almond Joy Rice Krispie Treats are one of my new favorite treats!
A little bit ago I stumbled upon coconut flavored marshmallows and immediately thought how perfect they would be to make Almond Joy Rice Krispie Treats. And they really are perfect, my family LOVED them! Here is the recipe!
Pour rice cereal in a large bowl and set aside.
Melt the marshmallows and butter in a microwave safe bowl for 1 minute. Stir. Repeat for 30 seconds at a time, stirring in between, until marshmallows are melted.
Just before pouring the melted marshmallows over the cereal, add the almond extract to the marshmallows.
Pour marshmallows over cereal and stir gently with a spatula.
Once they are combined well, add in 1/2 cup of the coconut, the almonds, and the 1 1/2 cups of dark chocolate morsels. Stir until well combined.
Dump the mixture into a greased 9×13 pan. Loosely press the cereal down until it fills the whole pan.
Sprinkle the other 1/2 cup coconut over the top and then press it firmly into the top of the cereal.
Melt the rest of the chocolate in a microwave safe container for 30 seconds at a time, stirring in between, until melted.
Drizzle the chocolate over the top of the cereal.
Let cool completely until the chocolate is hardened on the top.
Cut into bars and share the Almond Joy love.
Oh my! Two of my favorite things in one dessert. Pinning to try over the weekend!
Yum! Thanks for sharing! I love new ways to shake up Rice Krispie bars and I can’ t wait

########
Rank: 20
Score: 45.2739
Retrieved Text: If you love Peanut Butter, you are going to go nuts over these crispy treats. Peanut butter crispy treats are made with Reese’s peanut butter puffs cereal, marshmallows, butter, peanut butter and Reese’s pieces candy. These crispy treats take marshmallow treats to new flavor heights. If you’re a fan of rice krispie marshmallow treats, and who isn’t, peanut butter crispy treats will soon become your new favorite marshmallow treats.
My grand-kids love marshmallow treats or as my grand-daughter calls them whiskey treats! The thing of it is, my adult kids love them more than my grand-kids do. That may have something to do with the fact that when they were kids growing up, I made marshmallow treats on a regular basis. And I mean at least once a week, regular basis. I always had a box of rice krispies and a bag of marshmallows in my pantry at all times.
Over the years with the new and different ‘flavors’ of cereal and marshmallows that flooded the market, I began to experiment. I prefer using regular marshmallows vs flavored though, only because the flavored marshmallows tend to take over. Meaning, that’s all you can taste is the flavor of the marshmallows. I prefer to add extracts, peanut butter, dry pudding mix and the like to the melted marshmallow mixture instead.
I have used every kind of cereal possible to make treats. Cocoa Puffs, Cocoa Krispies, Fruity Pebbles, Kix, Oreo O’s, Lucky Charms, Cinnamon Toast Crunch and so on and so forth. If you have stood in the cereal aisle lately,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 45.21881
Retrieved Text: Rice Krispie Treats require only three ingredients to make these gooey, marshmallow treats. Easy to make.
Here’s an admission. I have never made Rice Krispie Treats during my adult life until now. Why? I likened these treats to the equivalent of hard, styrofoam squares which held absolutely no appeal to me.
My daughter has occasionally brought these treats home from a bake sale or has purchased one from a vending machine. I would examine the hard square and have no desire at all to eat it, much less replicate making it.
As I was perusing around on Pinterest, I saw some pictures of this dessert and I was intrigued. While I’m not a fan of the original recipe, who knew that the addition of a little more butter and a lot more marshmallows to the recipe would make this a quick and fantastic tasting dessert.
These squares won’t get super hard like the original recipe. They stay chewy and gooey even on the second and third day. I liked these squares so much, I ate four of them in one night. There was something about the crunchy and the sweet that was completely addicting.
Prepare 9 x 13 inch baking dish by lining with parchment paper. Lightly grease and set aside.
In large sauce pan, melt butter and six cups of miniature marshmallows over low heat, stirring frequently until marshmallows have melted.
Remove from heat and add six cups of Rice Krispies cereal. Stir until well coated.
Add one to two more cups of miniature marshmallows to mixture (I used two cups) and stir

########
Rank: 22
Score: 45.19861
Retrieved Text: I saw this recipe recently and knew I had to make it as soon as I had friends over to help me eat it: http://daydreamerdesserts.com/2012/08/cinnamon-toast-crunch-krispies-treats.html/. I don't even like Cinnamon Toast Crunch or Rice Krispie treats, but knew I'd love this.
My local grocery store didn't have cinnamon bun marshmallows, and I didn't want to have a partial bag of plain marshmallows left over anyway. So as per standard operating procedure for me, I simplified the original recipe. The end result was AMAZING!
1. Spray a 9×13 pan with non-stick cooking spray and set aside.
2. In a large pot, melt butter on low heat. Add cinnamon, nutmeg and marshmallows. Continue stirring until completely melted.
3. Add cereal and combine. Pour mixture into prepared pan. Spread evenly and compress cereal mixture with spatula.
4. Melt white chocolate in the microwave, stirring frequently. Add cream and maple syrup. Stir to combine, and drizzle over treats.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 45.192944
Retrieved Text: A colorful Halloween version of Rice Krispy Treats!
Grease two 9- inch pie plates with butter or spray with nonstick cooking spray.
In microwave safe bowl, heat the 1/4 cup butter and marshmallows on HIGH for one minute; stir until marshmallows are melted. Add the cereal; mix well. Press onto the bottom and up the sides of the greased pie plates.
In a heavy saucepan, melt chocolate chips; stir until smooth. Spread over prepared crusts. Stir coconut and peanut butter candy pieces together and sprinkle over melted chocolate. Press down to imbed into the cereal crust. Let stand until chocolate is set. Cut each pie into 8 wedges.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 45.11451
Retrieved Text: Rice Crispy Squares are a favorite treat of both young and old.
They bring out the kid in everyone.
When I was with my 91-year-old grandmother recently, she was talking about wanting to make a batch of these yummy crunchy and crispy squares!
Do you remember the first time you ate Rice Crispy Treats?
Or the first time you made Rice Crispy Squares?
We first made them in Girls' Club and Girl Scouts ages ago.
According to Wikipedia, Mildred Day and her staff at Kellogg's invented the original crispy rice treats in 1939 and Kellogg's published the recipe two years later.
Rice Krispies Treats are more popular now than they were then.
You can even buy them already prepared, but there really is no need to when nothing could be simpler or cheaper than whipping up a homemade batch from scratch.
With only three ingredients, rice crispy treats are quick and easy to make and fun to eat.
They are terrific for birthday parties, picnics, and backyard barbecues.
The next time you have guests in for dinner surprise them by serving a plate of rice krispies treats for dessert!
Line a 9X13-inch baking pan with parchment, waxed paper, or foil and coat with non-stick cooking spray and set aside.
In a large saucepan, melt the butter over medium-low heat.
Add the marshmallows and stir until the marshmallows are melted.
Gently stir in the cereal and continue to stir until the cereal is coated with the marshmallow mixture.
Flatten gently with a cooking spray coated spatula, a piece of waxed paper, or your clean cooking spray coated hand (really the best cook's tool

########
Rank: 25
Score: 45.07106
Retrieved Text: Guess what? It’s February! Every January we dedicate our posts to healthy recipes and everyone is gung-ho about it until about the last week or so and then people stop commenting and the angry emails start rolling in demanding we bring back sugar. We get it. We feel the same way without our treats so we’re happy to be bringing them back from hiding!
If you can’t find these cute heart-shaped, strawberry flavored marshmallows, just use regular ol’ marshmallows and add a little strawberry flavoring (either oil or extract, raspberry would be good, too) to taste and a few drops of food coloring if you want the pale pink color.
Melt the marshmallows with a little butter in the microwave.
When it’s melted and smooth, add a little almond extract. If that seems funny, almond is a flavor that really enhances berry flavors. I use it in most things I make that are strawberry or cherry flavored.
They usually have strawberries, blueberries, cherries, and sometimes cranberries in there. I’m not a huge fan of cranberries here because I feel like the tartness overpowers the mild strawberry flavor (I actually went so far as to pick the cranberries out of my bag!) But cherries work well if you have those. Give them a rough chop and then toss them in with some rice krispie cereal.
You know the drill; mix ’em up and pat ’em down. I like to line my pan with buttered waxed paper, and if you butter your hands, they’re way easier to pat down. I pressed in a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 44.77256
Retrieved Text: Little Bit Funky: what i made for Monday: chocolate oreo rice krispie treats!!
what i made for Monday: chocolate oreo rice krispie treats!!
These were a tasty variation of the favorite rice krispie treat and just as easy to make! They were a huge hit all around and make me want to do a series of different krispie treats!
Melt butter in large pot. Once melted add marshmallows and stir until melted. Add krispies and stir until coated.
Dump mixture onto a cookie sheet covered in parchment paper. Before spreading out, dump crushed cookies on top. Place another sheet of parchment paper on top and use a rolling pin to spread out (smooshing the cookies into the krispie mixture).

########
Rank: 27
Score: 44.337868
Retrieved Text: Updated from the archives. Originally posted August 2014.
Something about having little ones at home makes me so happy to re-live my childhood favorites with my kids. Watching old movies I loved, reading favorite books, and sharing favorite treats with Milo and Sophie for the first time is even better than my getting to experience it for the first time.
Watching our kids toast marshmallows for the first time was totally one of those things for me. Their wonder at watching the white marshmallow slowly brown, and their glee of swishing around an entirely too-large stick… it’s all so much fun.
Now that their big enough to appreciate it, I’ve also been trying to remake a lot of kids’ classics (gluten free, dairy free style) so they don’t have to miss out on any of those fun things you get to enjoy as a kid. These toasted marshmallow rice krispies treats are a perfect example. We took the best parts of roasted marshmallows and combined them with rice krispies treats. The end result is THE BEST crisp rice treat I’ve ever EVER had.
Four ingredients, one easy technique, and a simply delicious treat. It doesn’t get much simpler than Rice Krispies treats, I know, but toasting the marshmallows and using coconut oil in place of the traditional butter really adds so much to the flavor!
Magically, I don’t think these taste coconut-y. Instead, the toasty, caramelized marshmallow bits and a teensy pinch of sea salt come through to make a craveable, shareable treat we can’t get enough of.
I will warn you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.78614
Retrieved Text: I scaled this recipe down because I was low on ingredients!
Melt butter and marshmallows in a large saucepan, stirring to blend, and spray a loaf pan (or 9x9) with cooking spray.
Prepare pb2 with water, and then stir into marshmallow mixture until melted and blended.
Add rice cereal and stir until coated. Transfer to the sprayed pan. With wax paper (sprayed with cooking spray) press the rice cereal mixture down into the pan until packed tight. Remove wax paper and refrigerate until firm.
Melt chocolate chips (sprayed with cooking spray) in the microwave, stirring every 30 second until smooth. Spoon over the rice krispy treats with a rubber scraper, spreading it evenly over the top. Refrigerate for 30 minutes or until firm.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.60676
Retrieved Text: Cally is home for the weekend and asked me to make her some Rice Krispie Treats. As I was pulling the ingredients out of the pantry and I saw the Hershey Candy Bars and it dawned on me that a S'mores Rice Krispie Treat sounded like a good idea...that is how these were born lol.
In a large pan melt the butter, once melted add in the 10 ounces of small marshmallows, continue to stir until the marshmallows are completely melted.
Take marshmallow mixture off the stove and stir in the rice kripies. If you have tiny marshmallows then you also stir them in at this time.
I used an ice cream scoop and put scoops of the rice krispie treat mixture into the cupcake pan that is lined with cupcake papers. Make a hole in the center of each cup and place half of a large marshmallow.
I used my kitchen torch and burnt the top of the large marshmallow. After is was as brown as I wanted I then pressed a Hershey Kiss on top of each treat... enjoy!

================



======= Instance Index 1163 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How much rhubarb do I need for making rhubarb strawberry pie?

Choice 1: You need about four normal-sized stalks of rhubarb.

Choice 2: You need about a fourth of a normal-sized stalk of rhubarb.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 61.804768
Retrieved Text: HOW COULD OF I BEEN SO FOOLISH?! I recently spoke about Strawberry Rhubarb Pie and the vegetable Rhubarb, in particular, as I contemplated baking my very first strawberry rhubarb pie recipe. After having just DEVOURED a slice of a still warm, and very tart and juicy strawberry rhubarb pie dish, I am dumbfounded by my never having tried this most popular of dishes!
For the past week I have been telegraphing my intentions at ‘maybe’ baking a Strawberry Rhubarb Pie, on Twitter and Facebook and all week I have been receiving feedback from friends that Strawberry Rhubarb Pie is one of the best pie recipes, like EVER!
Curiosity took me from ‘being on the fence’ to ‘through Hell or high water’ this pie was going to get made! So where to begin?
What Strawberry Rhubarb Pie Recipe Did I use?
Puting a vegetable (rhubarb) in pie is totally disgusting!
You were supposed to make me an orange cream pie?!So you’re messing up anyways!
Daughters…. what do you do with them, right?
But I did come across a couple relatively simple recipes that caught my eye. Only issue I had with them is that each had something from the other that I wanted in MY OWN STRAWBERRY RHUBARB PIE.
I basically started on Oprah’s page (can’t go wrong with Oprah right?), found a Strawberry Rhubarb Pie Recipe by Cindy Crawford (yep, the former model…I know right?!), which initially caught my attention because she used cinnamon and nutmeg in her recipe. What turned me off was the use of flour in the mix, which if you

########
Rank: 1
Score: 61.606007
Retrieved Text: I’ll be heading back to Alaska this summer and can’t wait to have my sister’s Strawberry Rhubarb Pie! This is one of my favorite summer desserts. I shared this recipe last summer and wanted to share it again for my new followers.
sunlight have something to do with the size. The rhubarb pictured below are from my sister’s backyard. These were picked fresh from her garden to make her famous Strawberry Rhubarb Pies.
Mix flour, salt and shortening with two knives, cutting into the dough until it resembles small peas/crumbs. Add the ice water and mix gently until dough is formed. Divide into two equal balls. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for about 20 minutes. Roll out crusts on floured surface.
Mix the first six ingredients in bowl. Set aside for 15 minutes. Line the pie plate with the bottom crust and fill with the rhubarb mixture. Slice the butter and dot the pie mixture (see picture below). Cover with top crust, fold and pinch seams together. Brush crust lightly with milk or cream and sprinkle with sugar. Cut at least four slits into top of pie to vent while baking.
Bake at 425 F for 30 minutes, then reduce heat to 350 F for an additional 30-35 minutes. Be sure to place a cookie sheet or foil on the rack beneath the pie, the juices will likely bubble over.
Remove and cool. This pie is best served warm with a scoop or two of vanilla ice cream!
Happiness on a plate. So good.
Do you have a recipe for strawberry rhubarb

########
Rank: 2
Score: 61.510345
Retrieved Text: Bake a Strawberry Rhubarb Pie like grandma used to make! The perfect dessert with a scoop of vanilla ice cream – yum!
Pie is one of my all-time favorite desserts. And especially fruit pies!
Yes, full-on pie lover over here. And this Strawberry Rhubarb number is no exception!
Is it inappropriate to call this the best recipe for strawberry rhubarb pie?
Well, maybe. But it is the best to me, so I’m going to roll with it.
It has such a delicious, jammy filling. AND a super easy homemade pie crust that bakes up flaky and crispy.
If you’re short on time, feel free to use a ready made crust – with my third baby on the way, I’m definitely past the “100% homemade, 100% of the time” stage when it comes to cooking and baking.
I do always make my own crust for pie just because I truly enjoy making (and eating) it, but don’t feel pressured to make your own if you’d rather just get a frozen one!
What does a Strawberry Rhubarb Pie taste like?
Since the rhubarb is quite tart, the filling has quite a tang to it.
But we’re balancing this tartness with sweet strawberries (and sugar, of course), for a sweet-tart, very fruity and jammy filling.
Do you have to peel rhubarb for pie?
It’s not necessary to peel rhubarb, unless you have very coarse, thick stalks.
Don’t worry, the rhubarb skin is not poisonous. BUT if you have garden-fresh rhubarb, make sure to remove the leaves, because these are toxic.
How do you thicken a Strawberry Rhubarb Pie?
The thing with Strawberry Rhubarb Pie

########
Rank: 3
Score: 60.98743
Retrieved Text: What’s your favorite pie? Mine is strawberry rhubarb, without a question. When it’s the season (mid spring here), and both strawberries and rhubarb are available in the market, it’s the one pie that we must make.
Do you cook with rhubarb? It looks like pinkish red celery, or the stems of really fat swiss chard.
In the store you’ll only find the stems, as the green leaves are poisonous. The stems however, are tart and delicious, especially when cooked into a pie or cobbler.
I know, it’s weird. Rhubarb is a vegetable that behaves like a fruit.
Rhubarb grows wild in many parts of the U.S. (not here in Sacramento unfortunately). My father remembers when he was a kid in Minnesota, picking it from the back yard and dipping the raw stems in sugar to eat, like nature’s version of a jolly rancher candy.
Rhubarb loves to be paired with strawberries, in a pie, they’re BFFs. The tartness of the rhubarb just intensifies the flavor of the strawberries.
Quick cooking tapioca works well as a thickener for pies, especially strawberry rhubarb. Though if the pie is still warm when you cut it, it will be a little runny. If you don't have access to quick tapioca, you can use cornstarch as a substitute, same amount.
*Here's my favorite pie dough recipe. In a large bowl whisk together 2 cups flour, a teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons of sugar. To the flour mixture add 1 cup butter (2 sticks) of unsalted butter that has been cut into cubes. Use your hands to squish the flour

########
Rank: 4
Score: 60.375877
Retrieved Text: Strawberry Rhubarb season! Yeah! Let’s celebrate with this oh-so-delicious Strawberry Rhubarb Pie. Sweet – Sour – Juicy – Buttery – Flaky! Five magical words around here on my blog today. Very easy to make!
I’m so happy that we are already in the middle of May. The days are longer, which means that I leave and return to home at daylight. This also means that I’m able to photograph at daylight. Woohoo! It’s a whole new experience for me.
Normally, I photograph in my basement with softbox lights. Although I use daylight light bulbs, it’s not the same like photographing in daylight. The light looks different in the photos. The daylight in my kitchen is not that harsh than the light bulbs. The difference is because of the darkness in the basement, and the light comes concentrated just from one single point.
It’s also more comfortable for me to photograph in the kitchen. I don’t need to go downstairs with hands full of food, baking sheets, napkins, spoons and so on. When I’m downstairs and arrange everything for the shot, I notice that I forgot something and have to go upstairs again to get it. And this goes with every baking or cooking process. Downstairs, upstairs, all the time.
The flavor of this Strawberry Rhubarb Pie is beyond words. The strawberries are super sweet, and the rhubarb adds a little sourness to the pie. A perfect flavor combination!
This Strawberry Rhubarb Pie is not so wet and liquid like the most of the other recipes. I prefer to have less liquid

########
Rank: 5
Score: 58.39724
Retrieved Text: My first year in college, after a long winter of heavy snow and hibernation in semi-remote Eastern Oregon, I trekked home for my first annual Easter weekend visit. I brought my roommate, Christine, and my mom made Strawberry-Rhubarb Pie. After months of food hall meals, it was the best pie I had tasted.
Every pie since has been held to the standard of that memory of tart, sweet, vibrant spring-ness. Nothing compares to the picture in my mind of being home, surrounded by family and a friend, and slowly savoring each bite.
When asked about her strawberry rhubarb pies, and any others for that matter, my mom answers exactly as I would expect and as I expect my grandma would also have answered: “I don’t ever follow the recipe, I just add ingredients until the pan is full and add sugar as needed.” While I concede her reasoning, I’m slightly more type A, and I foolishly think that if only I had that recipe, I could better relive the memory.
Though I was left to my own devices as to the amounts and types of ingredients, my tiny apartment kitchen happens to have a couple pie-baking essentials thanks to my mom and grandma. Like a good luck charm, I always use this pie dish, which mom had the forsight to know I was going to need waaay back when I was in high school. Grandma Neah’s old copy of The Fannie Farmer Cookbook is also a regular kitchen fixture for pie making inspiration, though I’m a bit too much

########
Rank: 6
Score: 57.79528
Retrieved Text: Strawberry Rhubarb Crisp is a quick and easy springtime dessert that is perfect for last minute guests. Fresh rhubarb and sweet strawberries topped with a crunchy oatmeal crumble make a dessert no one will forget. Top with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream.
Recipe 2 for my rhubarb week is here! It’s a super easy Strawberry Rhubarb crisp. (You can find the Rhubarb Streusel Muffins and Old Fashioned Rhubarb Pie from the rest of the week). Rhubarb Bars and Rhubarb Crumb Coffee Cake are my other favorite rhubarb recipes.
This screams spring like no other dessert. I’m ready for all the fruit crisps this year, blackberry, peach, pear. Thankfully local produce is here.
In my own garden this year, I wanted to get some rhubarb starts planted so I could have my own harvest next year, unfortunately that didn’t happen, but the strawberry roots I planted are looking good, so I’ll be halfway to making this crisp next spring.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 57.741795
Retrieved Text: We've arrived back in the states and accordingly, one of my first priorities was to get to a grocery store. I did a mostly stellar job, if I do say so myself, provisioning for the last month and only did one grocery store run in Marsh Harbor (where the food wasn't as outrageously expensive and when grandma came to visit). I would have been happy with a Publix but I decided to treat us to Whole Foods. I know, not the best corporation, but Florida is not the land of cooperatives, and local, organic foods aren't ubiquitous (although since it's summerland all the time here, there are a lot of local foods but they're mostly conventionally farmed).
I went a little crazy and our fridge is near bursting. When you live on a boat and you're always moving, you never know when the next convenient and decent store will be. Also Kai came along on this trip to the store which rarely happens and I wasn't about to let those arms go to waste.
It's a game of reverse Tetris to find anything in the fridge or freezer and a game of actual Tetris to put everything back in its place. "It's place" is more of a relative term. The act of finding the food item you need will subconsciously plant U2's "I still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" song in your head. To remedy the situation, I made a pie.
It's rhubarb season and I've been hankering for a pie ever since we decided to head back

########
Rank: 8
Score: 57.685703
Retrieved Text: Strawberry Rhubarb Crisp [recipe] – Cin Cin, Let's Eat!
Rhubarb…is it a fruit or vegetable?
Growing up in Taiwan, Rhubarb and I have never cross path. Majority of the people there probably have never heard of this perennial. As a teenager, I wasn’t an adventurous eater so I stuck with what I liked when dining out. My strong affinity to food and cooking started right before college, and I think it wasn’t until my 3rd year in college when I had my first taste of a strawberry rhubarb pie.
Still, I have never tried to cook with rhubarb, until I opened up the last month’s produce box. Bam, there they were. Four beautifu red stalks alongside with a basket of strawberries. I think the message was quite clear. I looked up some pie recipes but decided to go with the Barefoot Contessa’s strawberry rhubarb crisp (mainly due to how failproof her recipes are and they always turn out delicious and wonderful.) The acidity and tartness that rhubarb adds enhances the strawberry’s natural sweetness, plus cooked fruit is so much more fragrant and scrumptious.
*Of course I made some adjustment to the amount of sugar added, and I used individual ramekins instead of one baking dish. The crisps were pretty tart, but were perfect after the addition of vanilla ice cream.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 57.425526
Retrieved Text: Around here smoothies are king in the mornings, and some afternoons too. We use frozen fruit for smoothies and go through it lickety-split. Earlier this week while stocking up on frozen berries, I ran across frozen rhubarb, and had to take the opportunity to try a Rhubarb Strawberry Smoothie combination.
The frozen rhubarb reminded me of my friend, Julie, who has just tweeted about needing a recipe for a rhubarb strawberry pie, which made me instantly think of another friend, Georgia, and her drool-worthy recipe for Rhubarb Strawberry Pie that I’ve been pining for since discovering it last year.
Anyway, I put two and two together, and since I’m trying to forgo the major sweets right now because I dread short sleeve season almost as bad as matching socks, okay, maybe worse than matching socks, I decided give the Rhubarb Strawberry Smoothie combo a go.
Using frozen fruit makes smoothies quick and easy in the mornings when I’m half awake, but you can easily use fresh fruit instead.
To the frozen fruit, add honey (substitute sugar or another sweetener if needed), milk, and acai or pomegranate juice. Adjust the sweetness to your liking.
Blend everything up until smooth.
What a pretty color huh? I so enjoy eating pretty colored food. I think you will too.
A fruity smoothie that is quick and easy to make using frozen fruit.
This recipe was featured on the Women’s Health Magazine site along with some other tasty finds. Check it out!
« Previous PostThe beekeeping journey begins.
I’ve never had rhubarb but trying it this way ay convince me!
Like Car,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 57.140415
Retrieved Text: I love rhubarb and this sounds like a wonderful recipe!
Um!!!! Strawberry Rhubarb is one of my favorites. I have never had the courage to make one yet---because I know nothing about rhubarb---but your recipe is getting me excited! We'll see if I get up the courage to make one!
Oh, I need to make this pie!
I've only ever had the store bought version, but your recipe sounds sooo delicious AND simple. I'm saving this one for later. Thanks for sharing!
Sure wish I had a nice slice of that awesome pie right now. Hope you are having a great week end and thank you so much for sharing with Full Plate Thursday.
Rhubarb is delicious. Your pie looks heavenly!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 57.07606
Retrieved Text: Strawberry Rhubarb Pie is a dessert that floats in on the breeze of spring. Sweet and tart with a flakey crust that begs to be eaten on a warm front porch. Since it’s that rare time where strawberry AND rhubarb season overlap it seemed like a good time to pull out this post.
Strawberry Rhubarb pie is the kind of old timey, classic dessert that I love for two reasons. One of them I’ve already told you. It’s old timey. Floral apron, cooling on an open windowsill, old timey. The second reason is … and I’ll need you to sit down for this … I don’t very much like sweet things. Desserts actually. That explains why, if given the choice, I’ll always go Lemon Tart over Chocolate Caramel. I’ll also go Strawberry Rhubarb over sickeningly sweet Pecan Pie. Every. Single. Time.
Firstly you have to decide if you have what’s known in the baking world as “pastry fingers”. Pastry fingers can be found on the ends of the hands belonging to someone who has a feel for pastry. I do not. I have a feel for power tools. And french fries. And pizza dough. So I used a food processor to do my pastry dough. Works like a charm. Don’t know if you have “pastry fingers”? Trust me. Kind of like blobs of back fat, if you had them, you’d know.
If you do not have pastry fingers, use a food processor to make your pie dough. It works great. Just don’t overwork the dough in it.
Once your dough

########
Rank: 12
Score: 56.948696
Retrieved Text: Now I Know Its Spring – Rhubarb Pie!
Ramps herald it, but rhubarb really lets you know that spring has sprung. Here you see me with my first batch of the season. Although I have big plans for rhubarb chutney and strawberry-rhubarb jam, the first order of business is pie. I had cut enough that we had rhubarb pie one night and strawberry-rhubarb cobbler the next. For the pie, check my post of February 28, 2011 for the pastry recipe. The filling is sliced rhubarb, a bit of grated fresh ginger, a sprinkling of ground cinnamon, a cup of sugar, and about ¼ cup of instant tapioca. My lattice-top was a little wonky as I was speeding to get out to enjoy the last bit of warm spring sun with my glass of rosé.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 56.727005
Retrieved Text: It’s confession time: This is my first ever attempt at a lattice crust for a pie. Those of you who’ve worked with both standard and gluten-free pie dough are probably laughing right now. For everyone else, conjure the mental image of me trying to figure out how on earth to create a cohesive lattice weave crust from a sticky gluten-free dough. I certainly laughed at myself plenty! But I wanted to showcase the gorgeous farmers’ market rhubarb and strawberries in my gluten-free strawberry rhubarb pie. And thus, I persevered! It’s certainly not the prettiest pie I’ve ever made, but it sure was tasty!
Growing up, we had a bed full of strawberry plants that stretched along the entire Western side of our house. It was one of my chores to make sure to keep them watered, and to pick them. And when we had far more strawberries that were ripe than we could eat in the next day or two, we’d make jam.
As an adult, I discovered the joyful combination of strawberries and rhubarb, and I was hooked. The rhubarb is a nice way to keep the strawberries’ sweetness from becoming overpowering. Every summer, I’d make a strawberry and rhubarb pie or two during peak season….

########
Rank: 14
Score: 55.908997
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for a refreshing summer lemande you will love this Strawberry Rhubarb Lemonade Recipe. Since I was a child rhubarb has always been one of my favorite summer foods. I love it in pies, breads, drinks and all by it’s lonesome (give me a few stalks and a salt shaker). My daughter is a huge fan of rhubarb too! We had a little grill out for my daughter the other day. I mentioned her grill out when I shared our Pineapple Chicken Kabobs. I whipped up this quick and easy rhubarb lemonade for the girls to enjoy will all of their grill out food.
This was my first time making strawberry rhubarb lemonade. My grandmother use to make huge jugs for our family picnics while I was growing up. Absolutely delish and refreshing.
I purchased quite a few stalks of rhubarb at Kroger. Rhubabrb is not cheap. Luckily I kept the cost down by finding marked down lemons and strawberries for just $1.29 at Aldi. I loved having it in our back yard as a child. I felt the need to splurge to make this lemonade and a pie too!
Place rhubarb, sugar, and water in a large pot and boil for 5 minutes.
Remove from heat and add in strawberries.
Allow to sit for 45 minutes.
Strain mixture through a sieve or cheesecloth.
Rhubarb is so good. The sweet and tart flavors in this lemonade were perfect. I know I will be making it quite a bit this summer. My hubby who does not like rhubarb loved it too!
This

########
Rank: 15
Score: 55.669563
Retrieved Text: In my opinion, it’s an old-lady veggie anymore. It’s time rhubarb gets a little more time in the spotlight and a little more love from everyone. Bring on the rhubarb!
This New For Us Friday, my cousins’ grandmother, Ruby, is smiling down on us from heaven. I remember her pies–she made awesome, incredible, sinful pies–and rhubarb was one of them.
Honestly, before this week, I couldn’t have picked rhubarb out of a five-veggie lineup. I really couldn’t. But we have our brand-spankin’ new membership to our local CSA to thank for introducing us to something little new this week: rhubarb.
And for this sweet-tooth family, making rhubarb pie was the only thing I could think of to do with this crazy, new-for-us vegetable.
Fresh Rhubarb Pie: At first, Cora would only call it ‘roob’, and Maddy insisted on calling it, ‘rubar’. It took a lot of practice for my kiddos to call this veggie by its name, but after our afternoon with rhubarb this week, I’m convinced they’ll never forget it.
We used a very easy and basic recipe called Fresh Rhubarb Pie. Fresh Rhubarb Pie Recipe is here to download as a pdf if you’d like, all kid-friendly and happy.
We did a bit of research to figure out what to do with this strange veggie, and the best advice I read was to treat it like celery. After showing our rhubarb to Maddy, Owen, and Cora and talking about our pie-making plans, I washed it, cut off the leaves and the other end, and then I chopped it.
We each tasted

########
Rank: 16
Score: 55.602535
Retrieved Text: I am sharing a really easy recipe for Semi Homemade Strawberry Rhubarb Fruit Pies. They are really easy to make and delicious. You could make them with any store bought pie filling, I happened to buy a strawberry rhubarb pie filling, and was not disappointed at all.
1. Preheat oven to 450 degrees and spray a sheet with non stick cooking spray.
2. Cut 3 5 inch circles from each pie crust. I used a sauce pan lid to cut the circles.
2. Put 3 TB on one half of each pie crust.
3. Then fold the pie crust over the filling and fold the edges of the crust to seal in the filling.
4. Next take a sharp knife and put 2 half inch slits in the top of each pie.
5. Bake for 16 to 20 minutes or until crust is golden.
I hope that you like this easy recipe. It's a great desert to go into your kids lunches, or for a cute, easy desert for company. I alway love hearing from you.
These little pies look super tempting to me.
Just love rhubarb - looks so delicious!
I WANT ONE!!!!! Please??? Yummy!
Love the little pies! Strawberry and rhubarb reminds me of holiday's with my gramma :) Thank you so much for sharing at last week's All My Bloggy Friends :) I can't wait to see what you share this week!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 55.13271
Retrieved Text: The thing about pies are that they usually take at least an hour to bake.
To cut down on the time, and a bit on the calories, I’ve been enjoying a deconstructed “taste” of pie by making the filling and crust separately.
Strawberry rhubarb filling cooks up in less than 10 minutes, and pie crust dough bakes into crumbles in less than 10 minutes.
I spoon organic lactose free plain yogurt into a dish, top with the fruit filling, and sprinkle with a couple of tablespoons of pie crust crumbles. It’s just enough for “a taste” of pie.
Although I use lactose free plain yogurt for digestive reasons, it is sweeter than regular lactose containing plain yogurt, so that helps cut down on how much sweetener you need to add to the filling.
A base of cottage cheese would be nice too. A couple of family members, who shall remain unnamed, clamored for ice cream.
You could use only fruit filling and pie crumbles.
I made this one with frozen blueberries and peaches.
Place rhubarb, water, and sugar in a pot. Stir and bring to a boil. Lower heat to medium high, then cover and let cook about 5-7 minutes, stirring occasionally until the rhubarb is tender. Sprinkle the cornstarch over the strawberries, mix together, and stir into the rhubarb mixture. Turn the heat down to medium low. Add vanilla. Cover and let cook and thicken about 3-4 minutes, stirring frequently. Set aside to cool.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Mix together pie crust ingredients. Crumble onto a baking pan. Bake for 7-9 minutes until

########
Rank: 18
Score: 54.833458
Retrieved Text: Finally – I have rhubarb in my garden courtesy of my parents prolific rhubarb plants. Last month I mentioned to my parents that I'd like a small chunk of one of their rhubarb plants. I love watching rhubarb grow and love eating it. More importantly though, I wanted to have a part of their beloved garden in mine. That same day, my dad arrived bearing a big chunk (pictured here). I was so pleased and decided immediately to plant it among the roses and the Black Elder bush growing in the front garden. Rhubarb likes sun and that seemed the best place.
Suddenly I found myself rethinking my front garden. These days, I have been preoccupied by the question Michael Pollan so bluntly asked in his book In Defence of Food: Do you know where your food comes from? Rather a simple question I thought until I began thinking carefully about all the foodstuffs we eat. So I am determined to grow more of my own food. I'm starting small this year and adding several herbs and veggies to my front garden. Next year, I will rent a plot in a community garden and start a bigger vegetable garden.
What's not to love about rhubarb? It grows incredibly well in this harsh climate, faithfully appearing every spring. I love walking the dog down our back lane and looking at all the rhubarb growing in so many gardens and in the lane.
What I especially love though, is having long-held memories come floating back. I can so clearly remember my

########
Rank: 19
Score: 54.752872
Retrieved Text: Yum, pie. I can't believe I didn't like Strawberry-Rhubarb pie as a child. My Mother grew strawberries and rhubarb on our farm in Northwest Kansas. Not only that, but we had a cherry orchard, peach trees and a neighbor living in Menlo, Kansas had an apricot tree. She canned fresh peaches and froze strawberries and cherries for the winter. I can't remember my Mother's exact recipe, I am pretty sure it is very similar.
I think the secret to a delicious Strawberry-Rhubarb pie is cooking the rhubarb until it looks mushy. I hate getting a hard piece of rhubarb in a pie.
I always use a pie shield and use a sugar coating on top of the pie. It makes the crust crispy and beautiful.
Cook rhubarb in microwave with 1 1/2 cups of sugar until mushy. Add tapioca after rhubarb cooks about 2-3 minutes.
Add chopped strawberries, another 1 1/2 cups sugar into the rhubarb mixture and stir.
Place top pie crust on top of pie and brush sugar water over top of crust.
Bake at 350 degrees until pie is bubbly.
Updated kitchen stools that my daughter repurposed. Loving them.
Kristin took the seats off of the stools, sanded lightly and then applied six coats of white matte paint. The stools could have been distressed at this point. These stools are used by a 7 and 9 year old so she wanted them easy to clean, she sprayed the stools with Krylon triple thick crystal clear glaze.
Kristin used the ink jet transfer method (here) with images from The Graphic Fairy.
Kristin. . .

########
Rank: 20
Score: 54.28311
Retrieved Text: I’m so excited to share this healthy strawberry rhubarb crumble recipe – it’s sweetened with honey instead of refined sugar, made with coconut oil instead of butter, and it’s full of other healthy ingredients.
Rhubarb + strawberry – it’s a classic combo, but not one I’ve really experienced much, surprisingly. So when OXO and Melissa’s Produce teamed up to let some food bloggers test out the new GreenSavers, I jumped at the chance to try out OXO’s newest product and a bunch of rhubarb.
At first, I tried pairing the rhubarb with blueberries which I thought was delicious…until I tried the same recipe with strawberry and rhubarb. It was like a cartoon lightbulb went off over my head and I finally knew why strawberries and rhubarb get put together so much. Something about the flavor and sweetness of strawberries balances out perfectly with the tart rhubarb.
Besides the awesome strawberry and rhubarb flavor, the best thing about this crumble is it’s actually pretty healthy! There’s no refined sugar, no refined flour, and no butter. Choose your favorite oats (I used a multigrain oats blend from Trader Joe’s), add in some chopped nuts, coconut oil, almond flour, and honey. Spread it over some fruit mixed with a little honey and lemon juice, and you’ve got yourself an awesome crumble!
In one batch, I threw in some raspberries and blueberries for good measure. That’s another great thing about this recipe – you can use whatever fruit is in season interchangeably with the strawberries. Add more or less honey based on how sweet

########
Rank: 21
Score: 54.194084
Retrieved Text: Have you ever had a strawberry rhubarb cocktail?
This year, more than ever, I am realizing how much I love seasons and the changes that come with the changes in weather. As a fashion lover, I have seasonal clothing. I can only wear my most favourite sandals for a few months of the year, but that’s what makes them my favourite, right? If I could wear them all year round I’d likely bore of them AND wear them out far more quickly! Instead, for the last 3 years when the weather turns for the better I eagerly go into my ‘summer clothing’ tupperware that has been stowed away for the last 7 months and pull them out excitedly. As a flower lover, I have seasonal flowers. Don’t even get me started. Gosh, I’ve had a full on obsession with so many flowers this year alone that have already come and gone. First it was hellebores, then tulips, then lilacs, now peonies, and I am eagerly waiting for dahlias! The short season for each of these flowers is what makes them so special.
So where am I headed with this? Seasonal food! It’s the same idea. Every year as particular fruits and veggies come into season I remember how much I loved them from years previous and get memories of enjoying them and the weather at the time – it’s funny the things that can evoke nostalgia, isn’t it? First up this year in favourite seasonal foods is rhubarb and strawberries! These 2 pair so well together. I remember

########
Rank: 22
Score: 54.1297
Retrieved Text: Strawberry rhubarb pie was first made in England around the turn of the 19th century. Photo © Kraft.
National Strawberry Rhubarb Pie Day is June 10, but anytime you see fresh rhubarb is the time to make this delicious pie.
Spring is rhubarb season; in North America it grows between April and June.
Technically, rhubarb is a vegetable, a member of the sorrel family (see the difference between fruits and vegetables). Even for a vegetable, it is very tart. Before it was sweetened, it was added to soups (try it in lentil soup!) and sauces—in the Himalayas, in Moroccan tagines and Middle Eastern stews. Be sure to cook only the stems; the leaves are mildly toxic (they contain oxalic acid).
But for most of us, rhubarb needs a sweetener. It’s absolutely delicious as stewed rhubarb, rhubarb ice cream, rhubarb pie and its variation in this recipe, strawberry rhubarb pie. Some people eat the stems raw by dipping them into sugar.
Rhubarb grew wild in northwest China, and was cultivated about 5,000 years ago for medicinal purposes. It made its way west via Turkey and Russia, and was first planted in England by an apothecary in 1777. Properly sweetened, it became popular for jams, sauces and crumbles.
This recipe makes a 9" pie. You can use the double pie crust in the recipe or make a lattice top. Or, you can make a meringue lattice: Bake the pie open-face, then pipe on a meringue lattice top. Return the pie to the oven for five minutes or until the meringue browns.
Rhubarb is a beautiful

########
Rank: 23
Score: 54.018898
Retrieved Text: Strawberry season + seven and a half pounds of rhubarb from the back garden + long weekend = first canning of 2011! Result? Six tins of pie filling, eight jars of jam and six jars of rhubarb chutney (Victoria sauce). Plus a bit of leftover rhubarb for stewing. For those concerned about how much time that might take? Two hours or so. Not a big deal at all early in the morning before it gets too warm in the kitchen.
A couple of years ago, I posted some canning tips which are worth a read over if you are new to canning this year – otherwise proceed to the recipes we used for this weekend’s food storage project.
Combine strawberries, rhubarb, lemon juice and pectin in a large saucepot.
Add sugar, stirring until dissolved. Return to a rolling boil.
Boil hard 1 minute, stirring constantly.
Ladle hot jam into hot jars, leaving 1/4 inch headspace.
Process 10 minutes in water bath.
Strawberry-Rhubarb Pie Filling – We used the Bernadin Recipe as written on the website as it doesn’t have a high sugar content.
Combine rhubarb, raisins, onion, sugar and vinegar in a large sauce pot.
Cook until thick, about 25 minutes.
As mixture thickens, stir frequently to prevent sticking.
Add spices; cook 5 minutes longer.
Pour hot into hot jars, leaving 1/4 inch head space.
Process 15 minutes in boiling water bath.
Next up for canning will be raspberries and cherries – both coming on the market as we speak. I’m thinking cherry salsa and stewed rhubarb and raspberries will be on the next round of canning whenever there’s enough

########
Rank: 24
Score: 54.00207
Retrieved Text: With our garden rhubarb growing like a monster and local strawberries ready at Wegmeyer Farms, we’ve been eating our share of rhubarb and strawberry concoctions. Since frozen desserts top our list of summer favorites, we had plans for making sherbet. After I scooped the sherbet into the freezer container, all four of my boys stood around with spatulas and cleaned out the freezer bowl. They were happy guys and couldn’t wait for the sherbet to finish freezing.
We like the tart taste, due to both our flavorful homegrown rhubarb and a low amount of sugar, which gets some balance from the beautiful and sweet strawberries. Lowfat lactose-free milk works very well in this sherbet, and still gives us all the regular milk nutrients, minus the lactose for those with lactose-intolerance, while saving some calories. And that makes this strawberry rhubarb sherbet a winner for flavor and health benefits.
This recipe uses simple syrup, and I keep a squeeze bottle of it in my refrigerator at all times. It’s great for adding a shot of sweetness to tea, cocktails, or other beverages, and it saves time when making sherbets and sorbets.
1. SIMPLE SYRUP – Combine the sugar and water in the small pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and continue to cook until all of the sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Reserve 1/2 cup of the syrup and transfer the rest to a bowl to cool completely. Store in a plastic squeeze bottle in the refrigerator.
2. COOK THE RHUBARB – Stir the thinly

########
Rank: 25
Score: 53.964054
Retrieved Text: Today is National Rhubarb Pie Day, and what's a Rhubarb Pie without Strawberries? To celebrate the day, I'm posting my favorite recipe for Strawberry Fields Forever Strawberry Rhubarb Pie with Chocolate Cookie Crust!
A little info on rhubarb: In culinary use, fresh raw petioles (leaf stalks) are crisp (similar to celery) with a strong, tart taste. Most commonly, the plant's leaf stalks are cooked with sugar and used in pies and other desserts. Rhubarb is usually considered a vegetable. In the United States, however, a New York court decided in 1947 that since it was used in the United States as a fruit, it counted as a fruit for the purposes of regulations and duties. And, a warning: Do not eat or use the leaves.
The following recipe is easy and great. Most people do a two crust pie.. the top crust being a lattice; however, I don't think this works with a chocolate crust. You can always do a crumble on top! Or make a traditional pie crust and add a lattice crust on top. As always, it's your choice! Enjoy and celebrate the day!
Melt butter. Put chocolate wafers in plastic bag and crush with spoon or rolling pin. Should be pea-size. Combine melted butter and ground chocolate wafers. Press ingredients into 9 inch buttered pie pan--bottom and up the sides. Bake for 10 minutes at 325. Let cool.
Combine filling ingredients in bowl and toss well. Spread into prepared crust and bake for 45-50 minutes at 350 degrees or until rhubarb is tender and filling is bubbly.
So

########
Rank: 26
Score: 53.840218
Retrieved Text: Bonnie’s son-in-law requested this old-fashioned pie; she always has rhubarb in the Spring, and after searching some old cookbooks, we found this recipe in my mother’s 1946 Better Homes and Gardens Cook Book.
It was a winner, according to tasters at a family reunion-graduation party at their homestead. I actually don’t like rhubarb, but this pie was delicious! Bonnie, who with her husband and family celebrated her 50th wedding anniversary in May, is an expert baker.
Perfectly set, with wonderful, flaky pastry, everyone who tried this pie liked it.
Combine sugar, salt, nutmeg, tapioca, orange juice and rhubarb; place in 9" pie pan lined with pastry.
Top with strawberries and dot with butter.
Add top crust and finish as desired.
Bake in hot oven 450° for 10 minutes; then in moderate oven 350° for 30 minutes.
Isn't that a pretty pie crust? So flaky looking and the filling is Spring in a pie plate. We Northerners do like out Rhubarb.
It is pretty. I have never made a pie crust. It's on the bucket list.
gosh, that looks delicious...wow...unfortunately rhubarb won't grow near the Texas gulf coast......or so they say....sigh.
This is the recipe I use! Looks perfect. A family favorite with my family as well. I do enjoy rhubarb. I have a bumper crop this year, going to make some sugar free jam with strawberries, custard rhubarb bars and just freeze the rest. I made some strawberry rhubarb ice cream a couple weeks ago, that was a hit.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 53.725574
Retrieved Text: The pairing of strawberries and rhubarb is a classic combination. It's right about now that farmer's markets begin to offer the season's freshest fruits & vegetables, and I'm always on the lookout for the most delectable. When rhubarb is only hours out of the ground and the strawberries are bright, juicy & infinitely edible, it's time to start baking. Strawberry rhubarb pie has become one of my signature desserts of the season and I can't imagine a year going by without baking one for my family and friends. I think that after one bite of this delicious pie, you might just make it one of your family's must-haves every spring.
Rinse your rhubarb & remove the green leaf tips (they contain oxalic acid which is highly toxic). Slice the stalks into 1/2" slices. Hull your strawberries after they've been rinsed and either slice in half or quarter them depending on the size.
Place your fruit in a large mixing bowl and sift the sugar, tapioca starch & cinnamon. Strain the juice of half a lemon. Give everything a thorough toss & let it sit for 10-15 minutes.
On a well floured surface, roll out one disk of your pie crust. With a pastry brush, wipe off any excess flour.
Gently wrap the dough around your rolling pin and transfer it to your 9" pie dish. The dough should be cool & pliable. You don't want it too cold or it will crack.
leave a 1/2" to 1" overhang. Add the fruit mixture and all of the accumulated juices. Roll out your

########
Rank: 28
Score: 53.68905
Retrieved Text: When I posted the strawberry rhubarb pie, I mentioned that Mike’s coworker had given him a bunch of rhubarb from his yard. Well, not only was there enough to make the pie, there was plenty left over to try out another recipe.
I love making muffins, and the kids love eating them, so it’s kind of a win-win situation. These muffins came together in about 10 minutes, and were so simple that Zeke was able to help me make them.
These rhubarb muffins are simple and easy, yet completely delicious! A perfect way to use up your rhubarb.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Grease 12 muffin cups and set aside.
In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt.
In a separate small mixing bowl, whisk together the sour cream, canola oil, eggs, and vanilla.
Stir wet ingredients into dry ingredients until just combined, then gently stir in the rhubarb.
Bake in preheated oven for 18-20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into a center muffin comes out clean or with moist crumbs.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 53.661358
Retrieved Text: When I was asked if I could make a Strawberry-Rhubarb pie for friend as a Christmas gift, I worried that I wouldn’t be able to find fresh fruit. Even though I live near the Strawberry growing capital of Florida (Plant City) and I see the fields already producing fruit, I usually think of strawberries as a spring and sometimes summer fruit.
Oddly enough, finding fresh strawberries wasn’t a problem. Fresh from Florida strawberries were plentiful. No, finding fresh rhubarb became the bane of my existence. I’ve never purchased or even tasted rhubarb, so I had to do some research. Who knew it was poisonous!?!!? In the end, I had to settle for frozen.
In the end, the pie turned out to be one of the prettiest and tastiest pies I’ve ever made. No, I didn’t cut into the pie, even though it was terribly tempting. Instead, I scraped every last bit of filling that bubbled over onto the cookie sheet.
In a large bowl, stir together flour and salt. Cut in butter and shortening using your fingers or a pastry cutter. When done, flour-butter mixture will look like coarse cornmeal. Add ice water a bit at a time stirring with a spoon, just until the dough will hold together. Form into a ball, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.
Divide dough ball in half. Refrigerate one half, while rolling out the other. Line a 9-10″ pie plate with rolled out dough. Refrigerate dough while preparing filling.
In a large bowl, stir together strawberries, rhubarb, sugars, cinnamon, and

================



======= Instance Index 1536 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To remove a wine bottle cork screw without a corkscrew,

Choice 1: screw a screw into the cork and pry it out with a hammer.

Choice 2: break the top of the bottle with a hammer to access the wine.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 61.769577
Retrieved Text: Laguiole Magnum waiter’s corkscrew? Tested and in stock!
With the Laguiole Magnum waiter’s corkscrew made by Fontenille Pataud you open your wine bottle the same way a sommelier would. The knife combines three functions: it is a foil cutter, corkscrew and bottle opener. Made by the French knife makers from Fontenille Pataud.
The handle of this Laguiole Magnum waiter’s corkscrew feels great in hand. You easily screw the spiral into the cork. Afterwards you will be able to remove the cork from the bottle without leaving pieces of cork behind. Because of the leverage, which is made from one piece of steel, removing a cork will be a piece of cake. This corkscrew can be used on any type of bottleneck.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 60.941586
Retrieved Text: A true wino knows the importance of popping that cork even when a corkscrew isn't available by learning how to open wine without a corkscrew.
There was a point where I lived in a warehouse with a bunch of other rag-tag artist individuals. None of us were particularly wealthy, but a lot of us did enjoy our wines. But, unlike the 40s of malt liquor we often drank, wine wasn't always easy to open unless it was the cheap stuff that came in boxes.
As a result, all of us became pretty well-versed in how to open wine without a corkscrew. If you find yourself sans corkscrew, using one of these methods will help you get to enjoying booze in a pinch.
The Knife Method only requires a small knife, like a pocket knife. Jam the knife deep into your wine cork and start slowly turning it around. Slowly, start to angle the knife and pull the cork out. After the cork budges out about a quarter of the way, remove the knife and use your fingers to pull the cork out completely.
Though the Knife Method works fairly well, it's worth noting that knives are sharp and if you mess up, you can end up hurting yourself or someone else. Or, if you have a cheap knife, you might end up with a broken knife.
If you're still learning how to open wine without a corkscrew, you might want to be careful with this method. Better yet, you might want to choose a safer method.
The Push Method works by just

########
Rank: 2
Score: 60.14124
Retrieved Text: Definition - What does Corkscrew mean?
A corkscrew is used to remove a cork from a wine bottle. It consists of a helix, which when turned, spirals into to the cork. Its other basic component is a handle used to pull the cork up and out of the bottle. New and modern corkscrews use levers and are designed to require minimum effort. Given the widespread use of cork stoppers to seal wine bottles, corkscrews have become a common wine accessory.
Corkscrews originated from England and were originally used to open beer and cider bottles. Though there are literary references to corkscrews that date back to 1676, Reverend Samuel Henshall cemented the first patent in 1795 after he invented a disk, the Henshall Button, which prevented the screw from going too deep into the cork and allowed it to be twisted for removal.
Since a cork is fixed firmly to the opening of bottles, it is very difficult to remove it by hand. The coil of a corkscrew is designed to easily spiral through the cork, and its spiral design holds the cork in place when pulled upward, popping it out of the bottle. In more modern corkscrews, like the wing corkscrew, levers attached on two sides can remove the cork in one motion. Other popular types of corkscrews include the sommelier knife (Wine Key), the twin-prong cork puller, the lever corkscrew and mountain corkscrew.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 57.440598
Retrieved Text: Aren't there times when you long for a screwcap bottle of wine? You've put the corkscrew in, pulled, and only half of the cork has come out, or the corkscrew has come out without the cork, except for a spray of bits of cork â€“ you know you're going to be drinking cork with your wine.
There are two problems here â€“ most commonly the corkscrew, more occasionally the person trying to open the bottle.
Trouble most often occurs when the spiral of the corkscrew doesn't insert itself into the whole length of the cork, so that when you come to pull on it you don't pull all the cork out, leaving the end still stuck in the bottle. If you then try to screw the corkscrew into the remaining plug, it almost always gets pushed back into the wine where it floats about and irritates you. This happens frequently with the worst possible type of corkscrew, widely distributed (usually heavily chromed) and giving the appearance of being a good quality piece of kit: it has two arms that gradually raise themselves as you screw the spiral into the cork; you push down on the arms to lever the cork out. These corkscrews are an abomination and should be banned.
Avoid also corkscrews that only have a short length of spiral, because you have the same problem as above, namely that you end up only pulling half of the cork out. And avoid those that look like an Archimedes screw, where the spiral is made by means of a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 55.960365
Retrieved Text: Two essential corkscrews – Do you have both of these?
The Waiter’s Corkscrew is the most commonly used screw to open a bottle of wine. It is convenient, quick, reliable and trustworthy. It might take a few trials for the novice to get the hang of how to use the waiter’s corkscrew. But once that trial period is over, you will be just as good as anyone opening a bottle of wine. Watch the video to see how to use the waiter’s corkscrew. We also provide a couple of links to waiter’s corkscrews we like at Amazon. Please see the Amazon links at bottom of the article.
The Ah-So or two-pronged wine opener is essential for the wine geek for certain cork situations. It is not a corkscrew because it does not have a worm. Instead, it has two blades that you can wiggle back and forth down the neck of the wine bottle. Two of my friends have a serious collection of aged wines. The cork in old wines tends to shrink and deteriorate over time. If you use a waiter’s corkscrew on these wines, you are likely to push the cork into the bottle. The Ah-So will allow you to slip and slide the blade, and then pull the cork up without a hitch. When my friends bring one of their aged wines to a restaurant, they always bring their Ah-So with them. Most waiters don’t have them. My friends also insist that they open their bottle. Many a waiter has botched the cork pull, with

########
Rank: 5
Score: 55.530228
Retrieved Text: Wing Corkscrew Wine Opener – Strong 8.7oz with Easy Grip Silicone Body for Non-Slip Control & Long Winged Levers to Pop Corks or Beer Caps – Ideal Christmas Wine Gift with BOTTLE STOPPER INCLUDED - Bonus bottle stopper = no more spills & save wine, this deluxe twist up wine corkscrew gift set comes with a leak-proof bottle stopper worth $999 the wine saver clamps in place for no spills fridge storage, even when laying bottles on their side unique gift idea for any wine enthusiast. Quality craftsmanship = strong & durable, the precision metal cork screw & top opener make this a compact but very sturdy 87oz wine opener set designed to last a lifetime. You break it, we replace it = guaranteed for life, designed to last a lifetime this high specification winged corkscrew is backed with our lifetime ‘you break it, we replace it’ guarantee, so you will never buy another wine opener again. Easy grip silicone = simple to use, this cool blue silicone body is easy to grip & wide wing corkscrew arms make this an effortless wine opener, so no more frustration with broken corks & spoilt wine. 2-in-1 = wine & beer opener, incorporating both a wine cork puller & beer bottle opener, this top quality kitchen tool makes opening any bottle a breeze.
AKAZA Stainless Steel Wing Corkscrew Wine Bottle Opener - Modern look and convenient wing tip design,easy to grip the unfolding wings and removing the cork. 100% money back guarantee and lifetime satisfaction. Constructed of durable and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.746086
Retrieved Text: Never be caught up the creek without a corkscrew again! We've found some ingenious ways to open wine no matter what you have with you!
There's nothing worse than going to open a delicious bottle of wine for you and your friends, only to find that your corkscrew has decided now is a good time for hide and seek! Normally, you would just have to cry over un-spilled wine and hope that your nearby liquor store is still open and stocked with boxed wine. Thanks to these handy tips brought to you by Cornerstar Wine & Liquor, you can now be the hero of the party and open that wine with a common household object instead!
Head to your junk drawer or garage and grab a screw hook. Screw it into the cork and get it snug. Now carefully and slowly wiggle the cork out, and enjoy your wine!
Stab your cork with all the rage you've built up towards it. Now slowly and carefully twist and pull. Your wine should be cork-free in no time!
All this one needs is your car or house key! Simply stick your key into the top of the cork, and then twist the bottle and pull gently!
Grab a bike pump that has a needle attachment, stick it through the cork, start pumping, and watch the cork rise! Once it's halfway out, you can easily pull it the rest of the way out with your bare hands.
Use a screwdriver to drive a screw, the longer the better, into the cork. Then use the back

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.969074
Retrieved Text: Nobody will complain if you serve wine badly at a party but they will think about it for sure. Here are a few guidelines you can follow to make sure the wine you serve is the best it can be for your guests.
Different types of wine taste best when served at particular temperatures.
The flavour and aroma of many wines improve when the wine comes into contact with air. To aerate a wine, pour it from the bottle into a carafe or a wide-mouthed pitcher that holds a bottle’s worth of wine.
Young, tannic red wines: Reds such as Bordeaux, Cabernet Sauvignon, and most Rhone Valley and Italian red wines need at least an hour of aeration.
Full-bodied white wines: Whites such as Burgundy and Bordeaux also benefit form a good aerating, though a half hour is usually enough.
Some older red wines and all older ports develop sediment over time as the tannins join together, harden, and drop out of solution. Though the sediment isn’t harmful, it can stick to your teeth. Such wines need to be decanted in order to remove the sediment. To decant a wine that contains sediment, stand it upright for a day or two. The sediment will sink to the bottom. Then pour the wine very carefully into the decanter, leaving the last inch behind.
For instance: a white or light-bodied red with the hors d’oeuvres; a fuller-bodied, more intense and complex white or red with the main course; and if you’re feeling ambitious, perhaps even a Port or Sherry with dessert.
Waiter’s corkscrew: Waiter’s corkscrews

########
Rank: 8
Score: 53.85352
Retrieved Text: Waiter corkscrew and other devices to overcome corkophobia!
Corkophobia arises after a few embarrassing encounters with stubborn corks that refuse to be removed from their bottles - no matter how much you smile at your guest, crack a couple jokes, or use your old wrestling moves to wiggle the bugger out.
Learning to crack open a wine bottle with ease is the first challenge to your wine drinking journey - and its perhaps one of the biggest challenges at that.
After all, what’s hold you apart from the wine is the cork itself, right?
Before you even reach the cork itself, you must first remove whatever wrapping or sleeve lies on top of the cork, which is called a wine capsule.
Usually its plastic, cellophane, or a thin metallic foil with the wines emblem on it, or a more colorful wrap, especially for sparkling wines and champagnes.
Whatever the material, it must be completely removed to avoid any contact between the wine poured and the material itself.
To do this, most waiter corkscrews and screwpull wine openers come equipped with a small knife made just for this purpose. Ring the knife around the capsule top a few times and then peel it off.
If it's a plastic plug, you can usually just flick it off with your fingertips or a knife.
After removing the capsule, be sure to take a damp cloth to wipe clean the bottle. Some dust, or even mold, can be hiding behind a capsule atop the cork, so be sure to clean this off to avoid any unnecessary contamination of your

########
Rank: 9
Score: 53.152027
Retrieved Text: Only 2 left in stock - Order today!
"The best for your money!" rave customers.
A hands-down customer favorite, this waiters corkscrew has gotten raves for its incredible ease, sommelier style and the professional way it pulls estate-length corks without breaking them. A classic of the affordable kind, the materials are durable, the grip ergonomic, the double-hinge provides leverage and the Non Stick-coated worm a smooth glide. Serrated foil cutter, bottle cap opener, metal handle.
Is the handle made of plastic or metal?
BEST ANSWER: it's plastic but omg don't buy it I bought this thing for work (at an Italian restaurant) and it started making a weird squeaky noise after like five shifts and broke shortly thereafter. kinda mad I spent the money. ??
It is made of metal and it is a great cork screw.
Can i get them inscribed?
Yes. However, the space for any inscription is very limited. It's really only big enough for someone's initials.
Is this the Evolution model?
BEST ANSWER: Can you let me know how I would know whether this is the Evolution model or not?
The Pull-Tap is simply a traditional double-hinged corkscrew.
Does the product have the Pulltap's logo on the lever?
BEST ANSWER: This item is no longer available from our vendor.
There is no logo visible.
Here's the deal:This corkscrew is the absolute best you can buy for the money, hands down, especially if you work on the floor for service in a busy, fine dining restaurant environment. That's not to say you can only use it in that environment, but this is the best one for that.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 52.675217
Retrieved Text: There is a proper and improper way of handling wine when your audience is more than just your TV and sofa. Let’s face it, there is definitely a layer of judgment to how wine is handled. We notice how someone pronounces wine (for pronunciation tips, read our article here), how the bottle is opened, how the wine is poured, what glass is used (for pro insights, read our article here), how much of the glass is filled, the temperature at which the wine is served, how the glass is held, and how the wine is imbibed.
Depending on your role – from ordering at a restaurant to hosting a dinner party or making sure everyone’s glass remains full at a social event – you will be under different levels of scrutiny by all those present. Really? Yes! Without saying a word, handling wine is one way to show your poise or lack thereof. Without further ado, let’s get started with our lesson in silent sophistication.
Corks are rapidly becoming a thing of the past, with more and more wineries opting to sell their tipples with a convenient screw cap (especially ‘New World’ wines from New Zealand, Australia, South Africa and Chile). If your wine does not require decanting, then simply twist the cap off and pour a glass for you and your guests. It can be aerated for enhancement by simply swirling it in the glass before drinking. Trust us! there’s no better way to make a good impression than to uncork a bottle of wine with finesse.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.801464
Retrieved Text: Celebrations are incomplete without wine. However, getting the cork out can be so much trouble sometimes. Corkscrews work perfectly well for some people but there are people who struggle using it and achieving the goal. The best electric wine opener are the most convenient way of opening a wine bottle and having a toast with friends and family.
What does the emergence of automatic wine bottle openers mean for traditional corkscrew?
Why do people love electric wine openers?
What is actually the best electric wine opener?
Q1: Are electric wine openers safe to use?
Q2: Can people with arthritis use electric wine openers?
Q3: Do the electric wine bottle openers prevent the cork from breakage?
Traditional corkscrew have long been the functional tool when it comes to opening wine, and even to this day, lots of people still utilize it, but the emergence of the electric wine bottle opener has seen it relegated to a more secondary tool.
For all the good that a corkscrew does, it comes with a lot of demerits such as difficulty in operating it, failing to open the cork, breaking the cork into the wine bottle and so on. All of these difficulties can be a bit frustrating and downright unpleasant.
On the other hand, the electric opener gives you much functionality and elegance than the traditional corkscrew.
Investing in the best automatic wine opener guarantees you great value both in the short and long term. In regards to functionality, the electric open can easily remove the cork from the bottle without the need for you to shake the bottle. This

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.698967
Retrieved Text: Fast and foolproof, the winged corkscrew is a classic for a reason. Our Soar™ Gold Winged Corkscrew features an on trend finish, self-centering worm and built-in bottle opener. Screw the corkscrew into the cork and then press down the lever arms to remove the cork in one easy motion. What can we say? It'ss pretty fly.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 51.27072
Retrieved Text: Given the number of wine styles around the world to try, it only makes sense that there would be nearly as many wine bottle opener styles to grant you access to the liquids within. We've the best rabbit wine opener to help you get tasting.
The BANG HUI Rabbit Wine Opener retains lever-style advantages, but also improve the shortcomings. Through shape design, increase sturdy stand ensures that the rabbit corkscrew and bonus foil cutter are stowed neatly together. A visually pleasing design to enhance the decor of your home.
How to use wine opener?
Grip the bottle neck firmly with the grip handles, slowly bring the lever up and return to closed position, the screw has been driven fully into the cork and is ready to pull the cork.
Keep a firm grip on the bottle neck with the handles and slowly lift the lever back to the open position.
Firstly bring the lever back to closed position.
Grasp the cork with the handles and swing the lever into the open position.
Catch the cork which falls from black screw in the palm of your hands.
Our wine bottle opener is quality-made with durable metal parts, so you won't be replacing it anytime soon. It's a sleek and stylish addition to any bar or kitchen, whether you're an avid oenophile or just like a nice glass of Pinot with dinner!
Comes beautifully presented in a lined box. A classy gift for the business executive, Christmas, Hanukah, Father's & Mother's Day, or a birthday, bridal shower, bachelor party & more!
Get 1 for a friend and another

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.37328
Retrieved Text: Change your wine bottle opening experience from something to be dreaded to a simple process by adding the Capitano Waiter's Corkscrew to your toolkit. This professional quality waiter's corkscrew combines several features to result in the best value: the extra long handle increases leverage, the spiral has extra length for longer corks, the space between twists has been increased making insertion and cork removal from the screw simpler and the nickel plated spirals have been etched to allow them to cut into the cork much more quickly and easily. Created in France, a true wine paradise, this is the only corkscrew you need at 5 3/8". There is an imprintable area just waiting for your customization.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 50.166443
Retrieved Text: I’ve been looking for a corkscrew that feels right. After struggling with a waiter style, my husband gave me a wing corkscrew but it always seems to get pieces of cork into the wine. A friend suggested that I try a Rabbit corkscrew. What do you use?
Up until recently, I switched back and forth between a waiter-style that I received as part of my 2009 Wine Bloggers’ Conference swag bag and a winged that I bought 12 years ago in Safeway when I moved to DC. My Wine Ladies changed all of that for me, though. For my birthday this year, they gave me the waiter-style corkscrew I’ve been lusting over for several years—a Chateau Laguiole Grand Cru.
I know waiter-style corkscrews can be a little intimidating, but it’s my favorite wine opener because it’s portable and everything I need is condensed into one tool. This means it’s easy to store at home, but I can also take it with me if I’m heading out to a place where I know I’ll be opening a lot of wine.
With the flip of a blade, the foil cutter on a waiter-style corkscrew is open and can easily be used to remove the foil around the top of the bottle. Some people skip this step when using other types of wine openers, but it’s important to do because you don’t want the wine to pour over the foil and become contaminated with any residue that might be on it.
Once the foil is removed, I put the point of the corkscrew

########
Rank: 16
Score: 49.45498
Retrieved Text: The Ultimate Wine Accessory Gift Guide - Amazing Wine Gifts Under $50!
Get a special wine gift for your loved ones this year. This list of 10 wine accessories makes great gifts for the folks who love wine but don't get the high-end tools and decor for themselves. Pair one of these items with a spectacular bottle of wine and you'll make an impression that will last!
With our free automatic shipping over $45 and shipping within 1 business day, you'll get the best deal on your wine accessory and you'll get them fast.
Outdoor Copper Wine Bottle Stake with Wick is a copper stake that turns an empty wine bottle into an outdoor wine bottle tiki torch oil candle with its reusable wick. An attractive addition to your yard or garden, the Afterglow Wine Bottle Stake with Wick comes complete with a 5 foot copper stake that breaks down into 16" segments so the height can be adjusted. The garden stake has dual prongs at the base for stability, and includes the long lasting reusable wick and copper wine plug you need to turn your empty wine bottle into a charming outdoor candle. The Afterglow Copper Outdoor Wine Bottle Stake with Wick works with any standard sized wine bottle - just add some common torch fluid and you're all set for evening get togethers, pool parties, or romantic outdoor dinners. You can also use this outdoor wine bottle stake on a picnic, trip to the beach or backyard barbeque to hold a full bottle of wine!
The Vertical Rabbit

########
Rank: 17
Score: 49.30721
Retrieved Text: Condo Blues How to Cut Wine Corks for Crafts the Easy Way!
2 Secrets to Opening Champagne: Loosen the cage (metal part over the cork, also known as a muselet) but don’t remove it. Continue holding the bottle at a 45° angle for 2 seconds after the cork … how to prepare a fruit platter Whether you need to chill a bottle on the go or open wine without a corkscrew, these West Coast experts have you covered Lauren Sloss Broken corks, pesky stains, and room temperature bottles—being a wine lover can be tough .
A wine opener an essential tool when you want to enjoy a glass of wine. A corkscrew is a cheap tool to open the bottle quickly in a second but when it is missed beside you, it may a very painful for you. You may know Corkscrews and wine opener are very essential, establish tools to serve wine easily. There are so many corkscrews and wine opener in the market, so it very commonly varies the how to move window above tool bar behind tool bar This isn’t typical by any means, but if may be a good practice to visually inspect the cork before you try to open the wine to make sure that it’s more or less clean. At the end of the day, whether you drink the wine or throw it away, is really up to your taste buds.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 49.14197
Retrieved Text: Promotional Gifts Idea For Thanksgiving Theme, Wellpromo is your solution for finding customized Promotional Products Use for Thanksgiving Theme. Thanksgiving promotional items are an important product group for wellpromo.
Bring Function And Quality To Your Home With This Handsome Wine Rack, Wine Bottle Holder. Featuring 6 Bottle Capacity And A Bonus Corkscrew Inside The Cork Screw Holder, This Is A Great All In One Gift. 360 Degree Rotating Carousel Provides Easy Access To Every Wine Bottle. Ideal For Kitchens, Bars, Countertops, And More.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 49.028435
Retrieved Text: Classic French waiter’s knife with a handle of thuya wood.
Opening a bottle of wine just gets that little bit classier when using the waiter's knife from Forge de Laguiole. It is a corkscrew made with the quality of the professionals in Forge de Laguiole.
The steel coil disappears quickly and easily inside a cork, after which you can remove the cork without any leftover residue inside the bottle. By leveraging it makes it work really easy. The capsule can also be quickly removed and they have also added a bottle opener.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 48.80344
Retrieved Text: There’s a lot that goes into enjoying a bottle of wine, and it all starts with opening the bottle. But what happens if you can’t actually get the bottle open – or worse, if you hurt yourself or the wine in the process?
In order to appreciate the wonderful experience that is a fine wine, you need a fine wine bottle opener. I had to learn this lesson the hard way, but that doesn’t mean you have to as well. Below are my reviews for the best wine bottle openers available today. From automatic to manual models, I look at models in all shapes and sizes to help you find one that works for you.
Don’t struggle with another uncorking again – check out these reviews so you can find the wine bottle opener of your dreams.
After looking at this sleek model from Oster, you realize the days of having to struggle with tricky manual wine openers, or clunky and hard-to-handle electric wine openers, are definitely long gone. This product is made to work with all standard wine bottle sizes, so all you need to do is fit it over the neck and push the button to uncork and start enjoying.
I really hate having to fuss with wine bottle openers. Clearly the people over at Oster feel the same way, because this device is full of little touches and special features to help make the whole process easier. First up, it comes with its own foil cutter, which you can use to cut away the covering around the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 48.461216
Retrieved Text: For most people, wine bottles and corks go together like salt & pepper – and historically that has definitely been the case. Over the past few decades, though, synthetic closures have been gaining ground and increasing in popularity, sparking debate about what makes the best seal.
Today, we’re looking to get some closure on the debate about closures.
Cork has been used to seal wine bottles about as far back as we know. An amphora of wine dating back to the 1st century B.C., discovered at Ephesus, in Greece, was sealed with a cork, and there’s evidence to suggest that the ancient Egyptians had similar methods in place for their wine preservation, even as far back as 3000 B.C.
Other options existed (including wood stoppers covered in olive-oil soaked fabric, to provide an air- and water-tight seal), but cork became the preferred choice between the 1400s and 1600s because it offered a more secure seal and was much simpler to use and produce.
There are many reasons why natural cork retains its hallowed place in wine culture: it is natural, has a proven track record of safety, is effective for long-term storage, allows wines to “breathe,” and is biodegradable and compostable. Corks are also relatively easy to remove from bottles, and can be reused to seal the bottle after opening it, if needed.
That having been said, natural cork is not without its problems: because it is a natural product it can be difficult to ensure consistency, which can lead to issues with “breathability” (some corks are better than others at

########
Rank: 22
Score: 48.397697
Retrieved Text: 1. Solid and Durable. With all-metal construction, our corkscrew is very solid and durable, featured by thick spraying handle, double-hinged fulcrum, stainless steel serrated foil cutter and 5-turn worm. It's better quality than most of other brands. Ours is tenth of the price compare with rabbit and electric corkscrew. You can place them anywhere you like to use, like kitchen, car, outdoor bag, or hand bag. Why buy other big prices ones? 2. Different Beautiful Colors for Personality Choices. Dealed by thick enough carbon steel powder spray process, it looks very beautiful and with excellent hand feel. More than 10 colors are available for personal choice. 3. Easy to Use. It's very easy to use, even enabling a lady to open the objects smooth and quickly. With small-sized figure, it is convenient to carry it around. 4. Multi-Function. It is good for bottles of wine or beer, cans and everage bottles even with estate-length corks, particularly applicable to bar, pub, club, party, restaurant, eating house and home kitchen. Tip: Please stick on the lip of wine bottle with double-hinged fulcrum after screwed into the cork, then lever the cork up smoothly.
Looking for the best double-hinged wine corkscrew available? Look no further! Gitko’s all-in-one stainless steel corkscrew is your new best friend in the kitchen. This multi-functional tool blends a wine corkscrew, bottle opener and foil cutter into a high-end wine key that may “walk away” if you’re not careful. Everyone who uses it will want one for their very own!
Are you looking for a lightweight but

########
Rank: 23
Score: 48.15507
Retrieved Text: We’re just about to start another bottling run, putting the last of the still wines from the 2010 harvest into bottle, and we all get dragged into the debate about cork versus fake versus screw caps. Again!
It is undeniable that cork taint (responsible for the pronouncement all winemaker’s dread, that a wine is “corked”) is a problem, though a diminishing one. Cork producers have invested much time, effort and research into producing corks free of nasty bacteria.
Conversely, producers of plastic corks have invested equally in finding something that looks as close to the real thing as it can, though the ‘feel’ is still a way off. However, there is absolutely, 100% guaranteed, no risk of the wine being corked.
Screw caps have this benefit too, with the added advantage that if you find yourself in the unthinkable position of being corkscrew-less (a frightening thought, if ever there was one), at least all is not lost. And you can replace it effortlessly if you can’t manage a whole bottle in one sitting (not a common scenario, though, as far as I’m aware).
It’s better for enabling the wines to breath (though ours are mostly drunk young, so don’t need to lie down in a darkened room before they’re drunk – that’s left to you, dear customer, once you’ve consumed them!!!).
It’s better for the environment, saving all that lives in and around the Quercus suber, the Portuguese cousin of the English oak tree from whose bark cork is made.
For me though, it’s a question of engaging the 5 senses. The

########
Rank: 24
Score: 47.996227
Retrieved Text: When you’ve spent good money on great wine, the last thing you want to have to do is waste time trying to fish out a broken cork because that $5 twin-prong opener shoved it down into your vino…or worse, have to pour it down the drain because you accidentally chipped the glass using that cheap hinged corkscrew from your junk drawer.
It’s called the traditional screwpull because it’s the original and earliest design for removing cork from the bottle. Simple to use, it’s the most common version out there and least expensive. While it may be tempting to go for the cheaper options, we really don’t recommend it unless you’re in a real pinch. The reason is because these types require some serious hand strength, and if you’ve opted for an inexpensive version, chances are that glue holding the plastic or wood in place is going to let you down fast.
Wine keys, also referred to as a waiter’s corkscrew, give help with the use of a lever. This guy needs far less arm strength, but does require a bit of skill to get the hang of it. You have to make sure to aim the worm (aka the corkscrew portion) directly in the center of the cork and then screw it down to just the right amount. If you don’t do this correctly, your lever won’t rest on the top rim of the bottle and you’ll risk breaking the cork. Another potential issue is if your cork is synthetic, something more popular now since the plastic compounds

########
Rank: 25
Score: 47.894684
Retrieved Text: If you are a bartender, waiter or server, you don't want to rely on multiple tools to open a bottle of red wine or a beer. Our openers provide servers with a stylish industrial quality and durable 3 in 1 multi function tool that elegantly blends the features of a wine corkscrew, bottle opener and foil cutter in a stylish and durable 420 stainless steel body with a comfort-grip wooden handle. It is an essential tool for your bar! Our manual cork puller is also small enough to fit in your pocket and is perfect for travel!
SPECIALLY DESIGNED WORM made of heavy duty steel is guaranteed to cleanly remove any natural or synthetic cork in only 5 turns with no breakage. The precision-cut notch along the screw grips the cork firmly and also reduces the drag as it cuts through the cork, making it less likely the cork will crumble and offering a significant advantage over other types of screws.
DOUBLE HINGED FULCRUM provides extra leverage and smoother pulling of even the longest corks. The two step hinge makes opening wine twice as easy by allowing for a nice, 2-step pull and removal of the cork and offers a significant mechanical advantage over older-style single-hinge corkscrews.
LONG, ROUNDED AND SERRATED FOIL CUTTER removes all types of foils and eliminates the need to purchase another gadget. It is also specially designed to reduce the risk of slippage and minimize any tearing of the foil or plastic. NOTE - IF THE FOIL KNIFE IS DIFFICULT TO OPEN, SIMPLY APPLY A

########
Rank: 26
Score: 47.52997
Retrieved Text: Buy Kitchen detail by Velayna on 3DOcean. Kitchen detail for wine corks. Maya 2016.
...corkscrew grabcad screw cork corkscrew a corkscrew is a kitchen tool for drawing corks from wine bottles.
...k 3d model archive3d plug tap cork cork - 3d model (*.gsm+*.3ds) for interior 3d visualization.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 47.512226
Retrieved Text: Gifts for Red Wine Lovers: If you have a friend or family member that loves red wine a wine themed gift is going to be warmly received. Here are some of my favorite gift ideas for Birthdays, Anniversaries, Christmas or Any Occasion.
I love this selection of wine related T-shirt that has funny sayings on them. I think the emoji T-Shirt is very much on trend and certainly reflects the way I often feel when finishing a nice glass of red wine.
Here are some out of the ordinary red wine glasses. These would make a great gift for anyone who loves to drink red wine. How about a glass were the bottom half is in the shape of a full bottle of wine. There would be no need to top the glass up!!!
I was recently watching a food and drink program I was fascinated to find out that red wine tastes so much better if you decant the drink first. Then you leave the wine at room temperature of about an hour before drinking. If you decant into an attractive carafe you can then serve directly from that. Apparently, a short cut is to place the wine in a jug and use a hand blender to aerate the wine.
These corkscrews are the best way to open a bottle of red wine. They all come with a small knife that cuts through the foil. Then the double hinge action easily takes the cork out of the bottle. Great gift for any wine lover. I think the ones that

########
Rank: 28
Score: 47.478424
Retrieved Text: Tonight’s wine is not a recommendation.
PJ and I went grocery shopping, and were near a BWS, and in a hurry and so I grabbed one bottle of 2016 Borgo SanLeo Chianti.
I could have grabbed three for $AUD 30, but I paid $AUD 14 for my one bottle. I’ll rate it for value on it’s deal price.
I love a good Chianti, and I find more good ones than bad. The label is vague about the grapes and the blend percentages. It hints that it includes Sangiovese, which is one of my favourite grapes when well done.
This one is a very light style, very soft, and smooth. If red wines tend to be too strong for you this might be a good one to try.
For me it is too light, and perhaps after two nights on a BIG Cab Sauv from Penfolds I am sensing the contrast.
For me, again I love complexity, good flavours, a complex nose, and an experience that leaves me feeling the experience grabbed me from my first sip and left me wanting moreafter my last.
This wine wasn’t that. I wouldn’t buy it again for me, but if you don’t consider yourself a red drinker, and would like to try a red much lighter than most, this one is a cheap entry point for an experiment at the three bottle deal.
On the upside as an Italian Wine it came with a cork and I got to use my Grandfather’s beautiful 150 year old CJ Johnston Adelaide Corkscrew, that rarely comes out nowdays in a world

########
Rank: 29
Score: 47.13656
Retrieved Text: Rosewood Corkscrew is rated 4.2 out of 5 by 21.
Never be unprepared in a wine emergency again! No island-time bar set is complete without this handsome, multi-tool corkscrew. Stainless steel construction frames a handle that's inlaid with rich, smooth rosewood. In addition to the corkscrew, it features a bottle opener and foil knife that fold neatly for safe, convenient traveling and storage. Laser-engraved sailfish on the handle; rosewood storage case with snap hinge.
Storage case: 7.5" x 3" x 1.5"
Corkscrew (when collapsed): 5.5" x 1.25" x .75"
Rated 2 out of 5 by BTender from Looks Great and that's it Had to replace this two times. The corkscrew breaks easily. For this much money should be more durable.
Rated 5 out of 5 by jerseyjack from Gentrified bar tool Great quality. Impressive when opening bottles of wine for you and your friends. Make a great gift.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Norm34 from this corkscrew has a easy to use handle,the size and weight extracts the cork quickly without much effort I recommend this corkscrew to those folks who enjoy their wine and would just like to open the wine easily. quickly, and without any spills.
Rated 5 out of 5 by JZ14 from Wooden case is perfect for drawer. Fantastic gift as a Christmas season stocking stuffer.
Rated 2 out of 5 by bobby8 from Nice looking and study. Poor function. This corkscrew is very nice looking and very sturdy, which is why we bought it in the 1st place. Unfortunately, when it comes to pulling the cork out of

================



======= Instance Index 982 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Do I need baking powder or baking soda to make pancakes?

Choice 1: To make pancakes, you will only need baking soda.

Choice 2: To make pancakes, you will need baking powder and baking soda.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 61.63125
Retrieved Text: I have attempted (and failed) several times at making vegan pancakes. I tried different recipes out on my own and experimented with different ingredients to try and replace milk, eggs, and butter from the traditional pancake recipe. Somehow, I never could get the pancakes to turn of fluffy, or sweet enough, so I finally I thought I would do a little research and find out how different ingredients work together and which ones I could combine to make the perfect vegan pancakes. After reading up on baking and which ingredients can be used to replace animal products, this is the list of ingredients that I ended up using to create super healthy pancakes that are also delicious: oat flour, almond milk, a ripe banana, baking soda, vinegar, vanilla extract, and maple syrup.
The first couple of times that I tried making pancakes I didn’t use any leavener (such as baking soda or baking powder) and my pancakes ended up looking like watery crepes. Another time, I tried to substitute baking soda for baking powder- because I am lazy and cheap, and that’s all I had at my house. Apparently this is a big no-no, and my pancakes ended up tasting a little bit like soap LOL.
there is actually a pretty big difference between baking soda and baking powder.
I don’t want to get too into the details of how they are different, but the most important things I took were that baking soda is a base and, when using it, you also need an acid (which is why

########
Rank: 1
Score: 57.790466
Retrieved Text: Baking powder is one of those ingredients that have an annoying habit of not being in your cupboard when you need it.
Brown sugar is another example. But unlike brown sugar, which you can easily distinguish from granulated white sugar, it's not at all apparent how baking powder is different from baking soda. This can make it tempting to substitute baking soda in a recipe that calls for baking powder. Or vice-versa. Either way, big mistake.
What Are Baking Powder and Baking Soda?
Baking soda and baking powder are leavening agents that make your baked goods rise. Baking soda is alkaline, so it's activated by combining it with an acid like vinegar — or, more commonly in baking, buttermilk. When that happens, it produces CO2 gas, which gives your muffins their lift.
Baking powder works similarly because baking powder is simply baking soda plus some sort of acid ingredient mixed in. As long as the powder stays dry, the two ingredients remain separate. But once you add a liquid, the acid and alkaline ingredients combine, produce CO2, and you're off to the races.
Different brands of baking powder use different formulas, and they don't all use the same compound as the acid component. But one of the acids that are commonly used is cream of tartar. Which happens to be an ingredient you can buy in the spice or baking section of nearly any grocery store.
And that means, as long as you have baking soda and cream of tartar, you can make your own baking powder in just a few seconds.
Unfortunately,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 57.616444
Retrieved Text: How we make the best homemade fluffy pancakes. This easy recipe makes pancakes that are light and fluffy and only calls for a few simple ingredients you probably have in your kitchen right now. Jump to the Easy Fluffy Pancakes Recipe or watch our quick recipe video showing you how we make them.
We love simple, no-fail recipes and this recipe is just that. It’s quick to make, and we’re willing to bet you’ve got everything you need to make them right now.
In the past, we called on boxed pancake mixes. Not anymore. Boxed mixes are great, but everything needed to make delicious pancakes already sits in our kitchen. We said goodbye to the pancake mix and haven’t looked back since.
This recipe is easy! The pancakes aren’t too sweet and are lightly scented with vanilla. They are delicious AND they are easily adapted to what you have in your kitchen. Let’s do this!
Flour: Use all-purpose flour or whole wheat. A combination of the both is nice, too. For pancakes without all-purpose flour, use your favorite gluten-free flour blend or try buckwheat flour (here is our buckwheat pancake recipe for you to take a look at).
Sugar: We use granulated sugar, but you could experiment with brown sugar. Brown sugar will make the pancakes a little moister.
Baking Powder: Baking powder makes the pancakes so light and fluffy. If you’d like to make pancakes without baking powder, I’ve shared tips in the frequently asked questions below.
Salt: We like to use 3/4 teaspoon of coarse salt (or 1/2 teaspoon of fine

########
Rank: 3
Score: 55.61229
Retrieved Text: Baking powder recipe. Make your own baking powder.
Not a seasoning but a handy tip in case you ever run out of baking powder. Baking powder is used in all sorts of recipes from pancakes to breads and can easily be made if you keep baking soda and cream of tartar in your pantry.
Mixed together. Makes 1 Tablespoon Baking Powder. Use right away.
A note from David Edwards, "Baking powder is nothing more than baking soda that's been mixed with dry acids, as well as cornstarch or other "buffer" ingredients designed to keep the powder dry and prevent the ingredients from reacting prematurely. For every teaspoon of baking powder called for in your recipe, you'll need just 1/4 teaspoon of soda to replace its leavening action. You'll also need to furnish the necessary acidity, adding either 1/2 teaspoon of cream of tartar or a cup of buttermilk or soured milk to the recipe in place of sweet milk. Alternatively, add a tablespoon of lemon juice per cup of milk."

########
Rank: 4
Score: 54.762733
Retrieved Text: Well, traditionally Pancakes are called to be flat breads-medium thick and round in shape made from different sorts of sticky batter. It could be with eggs or without, milk and butter are a must have. So, this is it!
To talk, there are numerous varieties of pancakes we can cook but today I am making the sweet delight with milk and eggs. Pancakes are really so easy to make, healthy and fulfilling. The fluffy texture creates that indulgence, whenever I got bored of regular meals and I don’t want to include meat into my regime I make them! Baking powder gives that airy texture if you going vegan! Else, eggs help in achieving airy lift plus give a kick to the recipe.
We gonna cook them today in a very basic and traditional way, I was delighted with the result. I made the video and when they were bubbling on the griddle I was going crazy to dig into them, eventually, I am always hungry whenever I am shooting, duh!
Take a bowl, add all the dry ingredients-all purpose flour-baking powder-baking soda-powdered sugar-salt. Whisk well. Now add melted butter and keep whisking while adding warm milk gradually. This way baking powder will activate and the batter will go bubbly. Whisk until everything is well combined. Add one egg(optional). Do not over mix else Pancakes will go hard.
Let the batter sit for around 10 minutes, meanwhile take a pan or griddle and pour 1 tsp of butter or clarified butter(my preference). Take a scoop spoon or soup paddle to pour

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.48514
Retrieved Text: I woke up grumpy as hell today. I was ravenous and someone in the household had eaten the last two buchis that I had reserved for myself the night before. I just hate it when my stomach is all geared up to eat something and it’s missing from the fridge.
With my stomach growling ”“ a reminder that it needed to be fed ”“ I perused the contents of the fridge, but nothing appealed to me. With me getting more irate by the minute, soon even I would give Grumpy the dwarf serious competition.
Might I be in the mood for French toast, perhaps? I didn’t want to make a coffeecake, and I just didn’t have the energy to get out of my pajamas and go out for some Danish pastries. I’m also not the type to have rice for breakfast, since I grew up on sugary cereals like Trix, Cap’n Crunch, and Frosted Flakes. Now, all the cereals I ever buy for myself are disgustingly fiber-dense things like Grape Nuts and bran flakes. Eck.
So I made pancakes. When I was a kid, my mom used to make plate-sized pancakes for my two sisters and me. There was always a side of bacon to go along with them and some Vienna sausages, those cute canned wieners that are capable of making anything taste good. I should ask my mom to make me those platter pancakes again sometime.
My previous pancakes always turned out brick-like, dense enough to leave some temporary damage to someone’s face. I sought to make pancakes

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.228218
Retrieved Text: Eggless Banana Pancake Using Wheat Flour Recipe with a video and step by step instructions for your easy understanding and learning.
This Eggless Banana Pancake Using Wheat Flour Recipe is very easy to make and healthy too. We do not add any eggs but still this eggless banana pancake using wheat flour turns out to a soft and fluffy pancake. It can be easily made in morning hurry burry and also can be packed for kids lunch box or given as a tea time snack also.
If you want to make a healthier version of this eggless banana pancake using wheat flour, you can replace the white sugar with palm sugar or jaggery or even can make without these, if you have a sweet banana. In either way, these pancakes remains soft, tasty and fluffy.
You can also make these pancakes without baking soda or baking powder, but it wont come as fluffy as this. You can call those as banana dosa only. So I prefer adding the baking powder and baking soda.
Take any 3 ripe bananas of any variety and smash them nicely. If you want you can use any small hand blender to Blend bananas nicely.
Now add sugar and oil and again mix them gently. Sugar can be adjusted according to sweetness of the bananas.
Now keep adding the flour, baking powder, baking soda mix it gently so that no lumps are formed. Do not over mix it.
Adjust the milk if needed.
Batter consistency should be thick like idly batter.
Now add the optional ingredients cardamom powder and cinnamon powder.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.29089
Retrieved Text: Let’s take a look at how vegan baking sometimes requires us to use an egg substitutes. The problem is, which method should we use? I get asked a lot of questions as to which methods I use for egg substitutes, so I thought it might be nice to list my favourite go-to vegan egg alternatives.
Here in Greece, I don’t have access to an egg replacer in powder form, which means, that I must use what I have available in my kitchen at that present moment. Sure, I could probably order one online from Amazon, however I like to get creative – plus this way, I know exactly what I am using.
and finally to provide and lock in moisture and add richness to the food.
Now, the first thing you’ll want to think about when deciding which egg substitute to use, is your recipe. Taking in to consideration the role in which the alternative egg is being used for.
For example: Are you making a cake, bread, muffins, pancakes etc.
The second thing to think about, is the flavour! What do you need? So for example, if you making something that has a delicate and light flavour, then you certainly wouldn’t need the egg substitute to be too bold.
Bananas are primarily used for adding and locking in moisture. Bananas are a great substitute for recipes that already contain a leavening agent; such as baking soda or baking powder.
Works best for: Quick breads – think banana bread, cookies, muffins, pancakes and waffles.
Keep in mind: Overly ripe bananas will add a hint

########
Rank: 8
Score: 53.034286
Retrieved Text: My experience hasn’t been too bad with baking powder and soda. They aren’t mislabeled. I’ve tasted each, and they’re what they say they are. The baking powder is a little more bitter than I remember it in America. I’ve stopped using it in my pancakes and waffles because it gives them a metallic taste.
Baking soda is pure sodium bicarbonate. Baking powder has sodium bicarbonate with an acidifying agent (cream of tartar) and drying agent (starch).
I do have a little trouble with cooking times and rising from what I believe are the high altitudes. The substance you’re using may also be a bit old and has neutralized. Also, with leavening agents, don’t let them sit around too long in a liquid mixture or they’ll lose their punch. I’m pretty sure the baking powder in Korea is single acting baking powder, meaning that it needs to be used right away. If you’re still having trouble, a possible solution could be to use baking soda and put in a little something acidic, like lemon.
Readers, have any of you been having this issue?
I don’t know about the poor rise on instant leaveners, but am having trouble getting my bread to rise.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.057617
Retrieved Text: Very few things can stand in for baking soda and replicate effects it has in baked products - taste- as well as texture-wise. However, when your larder does not have it, you need to opt for something else.
As the name suggests, baking soda is a leavening agent, which is primarily used for baking purposes. Also called sodium bicarbonate or bicarbonate of soda (alkali), it is alkaline in nature and commonly used in recipes containing acidic ingredients, like vinegar, citrus juice, sour cream, yogurt, buttermilk, chocolate, cocoa (not Dutch-processed), honey, molasses (also brown sugar), fruits, and maple syrup. It combines with moisture and an acidic ingredient present in the batter, which results in a chemical reaction that produces bubbles of carbon dioxide that expand under oven temperatures, causing the baked food items to rise.
Due its ability to turn cocoa powder reddish-brown when baked, baking soda is commonly used in Devil's food cake and many other cake recipes. However, excess of this added to a recipe can result in a soapy taste with a coarse, open crumb. Since it has a definite shelf life, it works best if stored in an airtight container in a cool, dry place.
Most baking powder used today is double acting, which when added causes a reaction between the acid salts and the baking soda, that releases carbon dioxide gas. The second reaction occurs when the batter is placed in the oven which results in expansion of gas cells that causes the batter to rise.
Since baking soda is basic in nature, it will create

########
Rank: 10
Score: 51.686615
Retrieved Text: I am experimenting with some wheat free recipies. Most will be gluten free as well, but what I am focusing on is reducing wheat consumption. One thing I have learned is make sure all your ingredients are produced in a gluten/wheat free environment - you do not want cross contamination. Check baking soda and baking power.
This is an adaption from my Whole Wheat Banana Pancakes. I tried using Oat flour instead. The first one came out very flat, so I added xanthan gum and they turned out great. One problem I came across is that the batter thickened up a bunch while cooking the pancakes. Next time I will only use 2 cups of oat flour.
The good news is that they turned out fantastic.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, xanthan gum, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
Make a well (hole) in the center of the flour mixture and pour in the honey, eggs, milk, and 2 tablespoons of melted butter. Whisk together thoroughly, but do not over mix.
Gently fold the mashed bananas into the batter with a spatula.
Heat a griddle or sauté pan over medium-high heat. Swirl enough butter around the pan until it is well coated. Add pancake batter using a soup ladle. I used a 1/4 cup batter per pancake.
When the pancakes have begun brown on the bottom, flip them over to cook the other side.
Serve with warm maple syrup and a side of fruit. And don’t forget to freeze the leftovers for another day!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.34412
Retrieved Text: Cake recipes from scratch pillsburybaking. Emily louise shows us how to make pancakes with a simple boxed red velvet cake mix and toppings. So easy, but oh so good!
If you love red velvet as much as I do, you�re going to love these red velvet pancakes. They are super fluffy and super moist. I love eating red velvet cakes, bars, cupcakes, you name it! more importantly, I just LOVE pancakes! so this is like the best of both worlds and came just in time for valentines day.
A stack of fluffy red velvet pancakes will surely liven up anyone's morning. Once you try the cream cheese frosting, you'll want even more! Once you try the cream cheese frosting, you'll want even more!
Directions. 1.Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, sugar, and cocoa powder in a large bowl. 2.In another large bowl, beat egg with buttermilk, sour cream, food coloring, and vanilla extract until smooth.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.303944
Retrieved Text: Not too much to report. In my last article about baking in the wonderful city of Berlin, I wrote about the single-acting baking powder that is used here called Backpulver. I didn’t quite label it as inferior, but I did state that the American baking powder was superior. Well I guess I’m now starting to doubt the superiority of the double-acting blend because the pancakes I just made were great. If memory serves correctly, double-acting just means that at a certain temperature (like 160F), a secondary reaction occurs that releases some gas that is trapped in the form of bubbles to provide a rise.
This post kind of got me interested in reading about the history of baking powder. It was, in fact, a German pharmacist who drove baking powder into popularity by selling it to housewives. Fascinating that our everyday baking product was not even around a few hundred years ago. Before that, they would use the good ol’ baking soda + acid (like your school day volcano project). Baking powder was an amazing invention because it delays the formation of the bubbles which enables the bread/dough to hold form.
Back to the bake. We had the extreme craving for my world famous pancakes. The state of mind we were in was frantic. Most likely it was very much like the mind of institutionalized pancake addict who cannot think of anything else but sweet, delicious, mouth watering goodness. Maslow’s hierarchy of needs has pancakes as the base level, a must have before anything else. Anyhow, the wheels

########
Rank: 13
Score: 51.193653
Retrieved Text: A gluten free pancake with the great taste of eggnog for your breakfast delight.
One thing I love this time of year is that I can buy eggnog. I love drinking eggnog and I love recipes made with eggnog. So this year I was really excited to try out some eggnog pancakes. To make these fluffy and delicious pancakes you only need a few household items, eggnog of course and Bob’s Red Mill Gluten Free 1 to 1 Baking Flour.
Bob’s Red Mill Gluten Free Baking Flour makes it easy to transform traditional recipes to become gluten free, you simply follow your favorite baking recipe and replace the flour with this extraordinary blend. The flour combines finely ground brown rice flour, sweet white rice flour, whole grain sorghum flour, potato starch and tapioca flour with just a touch of xantham gum.
Until making these eggnog pancakes I had never baked with Gluten Free flour, and I was completely impressed with this flour. In fact, if I didn’t know, I wouldn’t have been able to tell the difference in taste of these pancakes made with Bob’s Red Mill Gluten Free 1 to 1 Baking Flour vs regular all purpose or wheat flour at all. So be sure to click here to download a $1 off coupon for any Bob’s Red Mill product!
Preheat your griddle to medium high heat.
Combine your eggnog, milk, eggs and melted butter in a medium sized bowl. Set aside.
In a large bowl combine your sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking powder, baking soda.
Sift your flour into the large mixing

########
Rank: 14
Score: 51.161484
Retrieved Text: What if I told you that there is a faster and easier way to make pancakes? In a few simple steps you can make seriously fluffy and delicious sheet pan pancakes in fifteen minutes. With this no-fail sheet pan method, you don't have to worry about burning half the pancakes, forgetting about them on the griddle, or ending up with flat pancakes. Plus it’s an easy way to serve a crowd. All you need to do it mix together your ingredients, bake in the oven, and then slice and serve away! You may never go back to making pancakes the traditional way ever again.
In one large bowl, add the flour, baking powder, salt, sugar, and baking soda and whisk to combine. In another bowl combine buttermilk, eggs, vanilla, and vegetable oil and whisk well. Slowly incorporate the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and fold together until well combined.
Once the batter is combined, pour onto a parchment paper lined baking sheet (one with an inch or more edge on it) and spread into an even layer.
Bake the pancakes for 15 to 17 minutes or until cooked through.
Insert a toothpick into the middle of the pancakes to see if it comes out clean or not. If it comes out clean, your pancakes are done; if not continue cooking for another couple of minutes.
Sprinkle the top of the pancakes with powdered sugar, fresh berries and butter, and then drizzle with maple syrup or honey and serve immediately.
I can't wait for you to try out this new and improved

########
Rank: 15
Score: 51.10074
Retrieved Text: Mix flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and sugar. Cut in the butter.
To make pancakes: Stir together 1 cup mix, 1 cup milk, and 1 egg together. Makes 6 pancakes.
Store in the refrigerator. Ashton has said she's had one mix for 3 months. I would assume you could keep it for the date on the butter you use.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 50.432983
Retrieved Text: In just 30 minutes, whip up a crowd-pleasing breakfast (or dinner) from scratch.
A boxed mix might seem like the easy way to make pancakes, but this triple-tested recipe by the GolfHr Test Kitchen is equally as simple and even more delicious. Perfect for your family's Sunday breakfast or a 30-minute dinner (breakfast for dinner, anyone?), this best-ever recipe is a classic for a few reasons: It's quick, versatile, and best of all, a hit with kids and adults alike. Whether you're short on ingredients or still struggling with your flipping skills, check out these expert tips from Susan Westmoreland, culinary director at the GolfHr Institute, before you bust out .
What's the secret to the best-ever pancakes?
One word: buttermilk. "The acidity in the buttermilk makes the tenderest pancakes," Westmoreland says. "For best leavening results, reduce the baking powder in the recipe below to 2 teaspoons and add 1/2 teaspoon baking soda.
How do you make pancakes fluffy?
It's simple: Don't over mix the dry and wet ingredients. "First, put all your dry ingredients into a large bowl and whisk to incorporate the leavening(s) with the flour and sugar and get rid of any lumps," Westmoreland recommends. "In another bowl, whisk your wet ingredients so that the egg, milk, butter, and flavoring are completely blended. Once that's done, pour the wet ingredients in the bowl of dry ingredients and give it a few whisks, just until all the flour is moistened." There's no need to mix the batter until all lumps are gone because they'll dissolve naturally.
How do I make

########
Rank: 17
Score: 50.291664
Retrieved Text: A pancake or griddle cake is a smooth, flat cake, often thin and round prep, cooked from a flour that may contain eggs, milk and baking powder and cooked in a heat using a non-stick frying pan, often frying with oil.
There are so many ways to make pancakes, but the better ones are healthy pancake which is good for your health.
This recipe for banana oat pancake is quick and healthy, and it’s a sound way to provide energy to our body in the dawn. Making healthy pancakes can be good for kids too, they love pancakes. You can also make pancakes and set in their lunchboxes.
For this recipe, I used banana, oat flour, eggs, unsweetened almond milk and cinnamon powder. This is a protein packed pancake and it’s a good breakfast food.
I am picky with my pancakes, so if you are looking at cutting down on sugar, then this is for you. The milk is almond unsweetened milk, gluten free, and dairy free. This pancake is soft just the style you will like it. It’s quick and easy.
➢ Put the banana, the eggs, the oat flour, milk, cinnamon powder, baking powder, baking soda and the salt in a bowl and mash with a kitchen aid mixer or with a fork.
➢ Mix well until thoroughly combined.
➢ Heat a non-sticky pan skillet over medium heat with a bit of coconut oil.
➢ Pour the mix into the frying pan in a circle shape, cook on one position for approximately 1.5 minutes, then turn and cook on the other side

########
Rank: 18
Score: 49.793896
Retrieved Text: Here’s another delicious and easy to make recipe using fresh blueberries. These blueberry pancakes are light and fluffy. It’s definitely a keeper recipe for me. I’ve adapted it from the Williams-Sonoma Kitchen. Please do try making this lovely pancake.
In a bowl, using an electric mixer beat the eggs on medium speed until frothy. Add the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, buttermilk, melted butter and vanilla. Stir just until the batter is smooth and no lumps of flour remain; do not over mix.
Heat an electric griddle to medium-high heat until a few drops of water flicked onto the surface skitter across it. Lightly grease the griddle with oil or spray with nonstick cooking spray. Using a batter dispenser set on the large setting; dispense the batter onto the griddle. Alternatively, ladle about 1/3 cup batter onto the griddle for each pancake. Scatter 1 Tbs. blueberries evenly over each pancake. Cook until bubbles form on top and the batter is set, 1 to 2 minutes. Using a spatula, flip the pancakes and cook until golden brown on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven while cooking the remaining pancakes.
sometimes they are all i want for breakfast, and sometimes they are just unappealing fluff.
Delish. I love buttermilk pancakes, and I think I know what I'll be using all my blueberries for now!
@eiyna_gadis aries : Do try the recipe and enjoy!
@Sam@BingeNYC: Yes, buttermilk make great pancakes.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 49.7485
Retrieved Text: A pancake is a flat cake, often thin, and round, prepared from a starch-based batter that may also contain eggs, milk and butter. It is cooked on a hot surface such as a griddle or frying pan, often with oil or butter. Pancake recipes vary, but all have the same basic ingredients of flour, eggs and milk.
Whether you are serving them for breakfast, a hearty brunch or even dinner, you simply can’t go wrong with Pancakes! Serve them plain with syrup or dress them up with fruit, chocolate chips or even whipped cream and you have a deliciously filling meal.
There are few things an American man must know how to cook, and pancakes are one of them. The good news is they’re easy. Here are 30 Pancake recipes which will make your life super happy.
All this takes is 10 minutes to make. preparation. Blend eggs, combine butter, egg, milk, sugar, salt apple. In a separate bowl sift together flour, baking powder, cinnamon and sugar. Stir flour mixture into apple mixture, until it’s mixed. Cook it by frying on low heat. It’s ready!
Mix flour, baking powder, sugar, butter if needed and salt to taste. You can add up some fruits to the pancake batter – diced apple, or bits of banana, however you wish to make your pancakes. Mix them all well, then fry on a hot griddle.
The estimated time for this one is just 15 minutes.
Mix the base ingredients well – stirring to dissolve sugar, and pressing berries against the side of pan to crush slightly,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 49.70207
Retrieved Text: Baking powder is made up of numerous elements one of these is sodium bicarbonate, above. Into the baking powder mix is an acid, cream of tartar and filler like cornflour to absorb any moisture.
What is the best way to substitute baking powder in a recipe?
The most common substitute would be baking soda, but there is a problem with that. First, the ratio for the recipe will be different. Usually, if the recipe calls for 1 tsp of baking powder, you would only need 1/4 to 1/2 tsp of baking soda.
Baking Powder. Some enterprising baker figured out that you could combine baking soda with a salt of tartaric acid (cream of tarter) that would remain an inert powder until added to a batter. Upon contact with the liquids in the batter, the cream of tartar forms tartaric acid, which in turn reacts with the baking soda to release CO2 gas.
Baking powder contains baking soda plus an acid that works with the baking soda and, when added to liquid and heated, produces a chemical reaction that gives off bubbles of gas, making the muffin rise in the oven and producing a light and crumbly texture.
It is also used as raw material for making limestone granules with the binder. White limestone fillers for cement, concrete and environmental solution. Limus limestone filler products for concrete market. 1.Limestone Powder. 2.Calcium Carbonate Powder. 3.Calcite Powder. 4.Dolomite Powder.
baking tips and primers Quick Bread Primer. Quick breads are a phenomenon of the last century and a half, beginning with the introduction of baking powder.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 49.68715
Retrieved Text: Use this sour cream powder in your baking and cooking for the rich taste of sour cream in the convenience of a powder.
Editors' note: While this is a great product for baking, it does not reconstitute well for table use.
For rich sour cream bread, rolls, and muffins, add the powder to the dough or batter just as you would dry milk. There is no need to reconstitute it. It gives the tang of sour cream to your baked goods. Because it is acidic, it reacts with baking soda as a leavening agent to make products rise more.
Add this sour cream to your casseroles and main dishes just as you would fresh sour cream.
Take some to the cabin or stash some in the RV.
Mix this sour cream powder with water to make a creamy sauce the consistency of fresh dairy sour cream.
Store some in the pantry as a back up to fresh sour cream.
This is a large economy sized package, approximately four cups of powder. This is the best, longest lasting sour cream powder we can buy. We package it in heavy vista zipper-type bags for your convenience. If you are not going to use it within a year, we recommend that you store it in mylar or freeze it.
We use this sour cream powder in pancakes in place of buttermilk. See this gourmet pancake recipe chart with 13 ways to use sour cream powder to amke gourmet pancakes.
While this is wonderful in cooking and baking, it does not reconstitute to be like fresh sour cream, something

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.349464
Retrieved Text: Nobody should have to live without pancakes! While testing this gluten-free version, 10 “non-celiac” breakfast guests confirmed you do not need all-purpose wheat flour. Enjoy these flavorful flapjacks, which include extra calcium and fiber!
To make the pancakes: In a large bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and 1 teaspoon of cinnamon. Whisk until well-blended. In a small bowl, whisk together the milk, egg, ¼ cup of yogurt, 1 tablespoon of honey, and 2 teaspoons of vanilla. Pour the wet ingredients over the flour mixture and fold until just combined. Stir in the diced apple.
Spray a griddle or large frying pan with oil spray, and heat over medium-high heat. When the pan is hot, ladle about 2 tablespoons batter onto the griddle for each pancake. Cook until small bubbles form around the edges, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the pancakes, and cook 2 to 3 minutes longer, until the centers are cooked through. Serve immediately with the topping, or allow to cool and freeze in an air-tight container.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.185513
Retrieved Text: It’s always an occasion when we prepare pancakes for breakfast at our Swellendam guesthouse. Did I say pancakes? I meant flapjacks. Or is it drop scones? Whatever you call them, they are amazing and the recipe we use is a special one. In honor of our festive pancake day, we present to you a recipe for drop scones, otherwise known as “Scotch pancakes”, that Queen Elizabeth made for President Dwight Eisenhower on the occasion of his visit to Balmoral castle in 1959.
According to the US National Archives, the Queen prepared drop scones for Eisenhower, using a family recipe. Later she sent Eisenhower a letter and enclosed the recipe, with annotations and a suggestion to use treacle in place of the caster sugar. Download the recipe above and taste Aunty Betty’s best.
Here in the South Africa we make crepes and call them pancakes, we make griddle cakes and call them flapjacks and we think of drop scones like drop biscuits, instead of cutting out triangular shape scones for baking, we drop the dough from a spoon onto the baking pan. But “drop scones” in parts of the UK, in particular Scotland, where Balmoral castle is situated, are more like American pancakes than typical scones. Drop scones are thicker than American pancakes, and a little smaller.
If you read the Queen’s recipe in the image above, note the use of “teacups” as measurements for flour and milk. Before Fanny Farmer we used teacups for measures as well. To figure out how much a typical teacup holds, we tested two

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.178402
Retrieved Text: Lazy Sundays are the best. My husband and I were out at breakfast eating delicious pancakes one morning and thought to ourselves, "Why are we spending $30 on breakfast when we are eating pancakes we can make at home?" So we decided to save money moving forward by avoiding eating out for breakfast.* My first crack at it were these lemon-blueberry pancakes that totally hit the spot.
Warning: I was trying to re-create restaurant pancakes so there is a lot of butter :).
Mix together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and the salt.
In a separate bowl, mix buttermilk and eggs and add to the dry mix. After this is mixed, stir in butter.
Zest the lemon into the mixture and add the blueberries, combine ingredients.
Heat and add butter to the griddle. Spoon on your pancake mix. I use a measuring cup (1/4 cup) to spoon it out so they are all the same size. Normally takes 3 minutes a side or wait until you see bubbles before flipping.
Dress with syrup and butter and maybe some powder sugar if you are feeling crazy.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 49.02695
Retrieved Text: Have you made the perfect pancakes? Perfect meaning tall and thick, fluffy and light on the inside while evenly golden on the outside with the tiny hint of crispness. I learn quite a few tricks from my baking experience to achieve this kind of texture such as folding stiff peaks egg whites to batter, adding carbonated beverage or simply use a double-acting baking powder and let the batter sit in the fridge for several hours before being cooked. These tricks help form bubbles in the batter for a very light and airy pancakes, otherwise it will be flat and dense.
Recently, I was introduced to pikelets which are mini unsweetened pancakes, usually served with jam and whipped cream. I found a few pikelet recipes requiring a fair amount of cream of tartar, about 2 teaspoonfuls. I was very sceptical of this large quantity as usually, when baking cakes, I only need 1-2 pinches of cream of tartar to stabilize the egg whites. I look through Wikipedia, and surprisingly enough, cream of tartar is an acidic powder and it has more utilities than simply stabilizing egg whites. It also activates the baking soda when folding cream of tartar which help form bubbles in the batter. Try it out! I can guarantee you that they are even fluffier and airier than your usual pancakes.
1. In a small bowl, dissolve baking soda in milk. Set aside.
2. In a large bowl, beat egg and sugar until thick and pale.
3. In another large bowl, sift flour, cocoa, cream of tartar and salt

########
Rank: 26
Score: 48.956333
Retrieved Text: Great fresh taste, pure, best-of-their-kind ingredients. Delicious! Easy-to-make - just add water and pour on your frying pan, griddle or waffle iron. Voila! Fresh, hot pancakes or waffles great with real maple syrup.
Ingredients: Wheat Flour, Freeze Dried Blueberries, Rye flour, Sweet Whey, Buttermilk, Baking Powder, Sugar, Baking Soda, Salt, Cinnamon.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 48.936802
Retrieved Text: These fluffy and delicious Chocolate Banana Pancakes are healthy and easy to make. Sweetened with bananas and dark chocolate, you won’t be able to stop eating them.
Pancakes make any morning better. Especially if they are filled with chocolate. Don’t you agree? If you answered, “Yes!!!” then you MUST try these Chocolate Banana Pancakes. I have absolutely no doubt that they are going to become your favorite way to start the day.
Let’s not lose another second, and start cooking!
1. Place the bananas into a large bowl and puree with a potato masher until smooth, with no lumps remaining.
2. Add milk and eggs, and whisk thoroughly.
3. Add flour, baking powder, and baking soda. Mix the batter gently until smooth, but try not to over mix it.
5. Heat up a non-stick skillet on medium heat. Using a 1/3 cup as a measure, scoop the batter onto the skillet. In about 1 minute, you should see some bubbles appear. Flip the pancake over and fry for another minute. Repeat this step with the remaining batter.
6. Garnish with some fresh bananas, and serve with some honey, agave/pancake syrup, or melted chocolate. Enjoy!
These fluffy and delicious Chocolate Banana Pancakes are healthy and easy to make. Sweetened with bananas and dark chocolate, you won't be able to stop eating them.
Place the bananas into a large bowl and puree with a potato masher until smooth, with no lumps remaining.
Add milk and eggs, and whisk thoroughly.
Add flour, baking powder, and baking soda. Mix the batter gently until smooth, but try not to over mix it.
Heat

########
Rank: 28
Score: 48.83946
Retrieved Text: Crispy Apam Balik or also known as Crispy Pancakes with peanut filling, is a popular snack in Malaysia. The pancake is typically crispy, lightly sweeten with sugar, peanuts, and cream corn. Well, do try this simple and wonderful snack.
In a bowl, whisk together all purpose flour, rice flour, sea salt, baking powder, baking soda, eggs, sugar and water. Wrap the bowl in a plastic wrap and let the batter rest for 2 to 3 hours or overnight in the fridge.
Lightly oil a small non-stick pan or a crepe pan (about 5 - 6 inches diameter) over a moderate heat. When the pan is hot, add about 3-4 Tbsp batter, evenly coating the pan. Cook for about 1 minute, as the batter sets and forms small bubbles, loosen the edges with a palette knife. Sprinkle some sugar and peanuts on top of the pancake. Continue to cook until the pancake is light golden brown in color, about 4 to 6 minutes. Then top it with 1 tsp of butter and some cream corn. Lift the pancake from the pan, fold into half and serve immediately.
I tried making this earlier tonight but it turned out to be like dough so I added some water to it. Was water missing from the recipe?
Batter did out turn out the way it was supposed to be. I wondered if it's because I added to much water to it? I added more water because I thought the batter was still too thick.
@Doreen: The batter should be fairly thick.
Should I sieve the batter?
@Doreen:

########
Rank: 29
Score: 48.791294
Retrieved Text: There are some days that just need blueberry pancakes, and today is one of those days. I used to make pancakes with a mix, but honestly, this is so much tastier, and you can gauge what goes into it too. Sour cream pancakes + blueberries = perfect Sunday morning.
1. Whisk together the sour cream, honey greek yogurt, vanilla, sugar and egg.
2. Gently fold in the blueberries.
3. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and nutmeg.
4. A little bit at a time, combine the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients.
5. Over medium heat, melt a pat of butter. When melted, add the batter a little bit at a time into pancake shapes.
6. Flip when the edges start to look cooked, then cook on the other side until done.
7. Serve with maple syrup and butter and enjoy the rest of your weekend!
This entry was posted in blueberries, breakfast, pancakes, Photography by Brendan, sunday mornings on August 24, 2014 by westyn.

================



======= Instance Index 399 =========
Input Text: Sentence: What size fish tank should I buy for my Betta fish?

Choice 1: You can buy a tank as small as the Betta is. The fish will acclimate to its surroundings. It won't grow much in a small tank, but it will adjust.

Choice 2: The smallest size a Betta should have is 2 1/2 gallons. However, try to go bigger if you can. You want your fish to have lots of room to swim and grow.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 60.500397
Retrieved Text: The Ultimate Betta Care book from Aquascapeaddiction.com that covers everything you need to know and more to ensure you have a healthy and happy Betta Fish.
Whether you are thinking of buying a Betta, a beginner or slightly more experienced this book will have something to offer to you.
- Should I Buy A Betta Online?
- Why Are Live Plants Good For Betta Fish?
- Can Betta Fish Live With Other Fish?
- Do Betta Fish Actually Get Bored?
- What Happens If You Overfeed A Betta Fish?
- What Happens If I Feed My Betta The Wrong Food?
- How Often Do You Feed A Betta Fish?
- How Much Food Do You Need To Give A Betta Fish?
- Do Betta Fish Need Light?
- How To Tell The Difference Between A Male & Female?
- How Do You House Two Betta Fish In One Tank?
- Do Betta Fish Bite People?
- Do Betta Fish Sleep?
- Do Betta Fish Have Teeth?
- Can You Keep A Betta Fish And Goldfish In The Same Tank?
- What Are Bubble Nests?
- Why Is My Betta Hiding In The Corner Of The Tank?
- Why Is My Betta Swimming Sideways?
- How Do Betta Fish Reproduce?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 58.50586
Retrieved Text: Betta fish, also known as Siamese fighting fish, are an incredibly attractive and popular fish, which almost everyone has seen living in tiny cups at the pet store. But contrary to popular belief, they don’t enjoy living in these small glasses of water. The only way they can even survive these cramped conditions is by being regularly dosed with a cocktail of powerful medications.
So, obviously they need to be kept in something larger than a cup, but how large an aquarium do they need? Before choosing an aquarium for your betta fish, you need to take a few things into consideration.
The first thing that you need to know, and perhaps the most important thing, is that betta fish are not friendly towards other fish. In fact, they make poor tankmates with almost every fish available in the hobby, and will usually either attack any smaller fish they are kept with, or will be bullied by larger, more aggressive fish (and even small fish may nip at their long, flowing fins).
And you can’t keep them with other betta fish either. While some people have had some success setting up female betta fish ‘harem’ tanks, where a large group of females are kept together to disperse the aggression, most of the time keeping betta fish together is a recipe for disaster.
The fact that it’s best to keep a betta fish alone in an aquarium, combined with the fact that they can breathe air through their labyrinth organ, means that they don’t need an overly large aquarium, and anything

########
Rank: 2
Score: 56.675755
Retrieved Text: So you are all prepared to home a brand new Betta fish and embark on a brand new endeavor… But you need to make certain you are truly prepared. Nicely you are one intelligent cookie then, Bettas are a extremely delicate creature (a extremely rewarding 1 too although!) and study is king with regards to becoming a great pet owner. Below is really a guide on the basics of owning a Betta fish. Obviously there’s much more than this to understand, but I’ll get you began!
As far as pets go, Betta fish are pretty low-cost, but you’ll wish to make certain you’ve a bit bit of cash to offer every thing your new pal requirements. The supplies you should get to correctly home and care for a betta fish are: A five to ten gallon tank (do not get fooled into thinking he’ll thrive in a vase), drops that eliminate chlorine from your tap water, Betta fish pellet food, rocks for the bottom of the tank, a heater, a thermometer, a filter, and some fundamental decorations. Based on what you choose out, these items ought to price among $75 and $100. This consists of the expenses of your Betta fish fish itself. 1 fantastic factor about these expenses although is that they’re all 1 time so you shouldn’t need to be spending cash following your initial buy (i.e. bottle of food pellets can last years).
Maintaining Your Betta Fish are a hardy bunch in general, and also the Betta species tries its greatest, it truly does… But

########
Rank: 3
Score: 56.279892
Retrieved Text: female betta, female bettas, fin rot, male betta Betta Mating Disorders???
female betta, female bettas, male betta Do female bettas build bubble nests?
fish tank Starting New Tank: Location bad?
female betta, female bettas, male betta Something protruding from my Betta's mouth???
fin rot Where does it go?
bigger tank, female betta, female bettas, male betta Would these 2 go together?
1 Attachment(s) My new Betta!
1 Attachment(s) Betta # 3!!
algae eater, fish tank, ghost shrimp, male betta I got a fish tank!!
female betta, male betta 2 Attachment(s) Updates on my bettas!
What type of filter for a 10 gal. tank?
Anyone know about Breeding fancy guppies?
My bettas fought and survived!
african dwarf, african dwarf frog, fish tank, neon tetras "New" Tank setup.
fish tank, ghost shrimp, gold fish, male betta, pet store Just got a Betta!
bigger tank, gold fish Little help with my fish?
hermit crab, pet store How hard is it to keep a saltwater aquarium?
bigger tank, fish tank, tropical fish starter things to get for a salt tank.
Poll: What kind would you be?
algae eater, bigger tank, neon tetras 1 Attachment(s) My New Plec!
My german blue ram fry!
Check out these deep sea fish!
local pet store, pet store Tell me about brackish tanks!
Blow fish or puffer fish?
blood worms, brine shrimp Why isn't he eating?
fish tank My Poor Fishie!!
fish tank, neon tetras 5 Attachment(s) Picci of my tanki!
Where can I get morray eels on the web?
bigger tank I miss my fish!!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 55.61714
Retrieved Text: Betta fish are an excellent option for a home or office aquarium. They’re easy to take care of, they’re more active than most pet fish species, and they’re beautiful. Betta fish are carnivorous so they must be fed meat-based foods and shouldn’t be fed the dry, vegetable-based pellets that are fed to most tropical fish. By understanding the betta fish’s diet and learning how to feed it properly, you can keep your fish alive for a long time.
Get an amount the size of its eyeball. A betta’s stomach is roughly the size of its eyeball and should not be fed a meal larger than that at once. This translates to about three pellets or brine shrimp per feeding. If you feed gel food, it should be about the same amount. A betta can be fed this amount once or twice a day.
It's advisable to soak dried foods (such as pellets) before feeding, because some of these items may expand in the betta's stomach when dry.
Reduce if they aren’t eating it all. If your fish isn’t eating all of its food, reduce the amount you’re feeding them. If you usually feed four pellets per fish, try reducing to three for a while. If you notice the fish is eating very quickly, you can increase back to 4.
Scoop out uneaten food. Uneaten food can attract bacteria that is bad for water chemistry and the fish. This is especially problematic if the fish eats the food after it has gone bad.
Use a small net that you would use to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 55.577724
Retrieved Text: This is the ultimate one page betta fish care guide it outlines each important aspect of betta fish care, from tank size to tank mates.
Are tank mates a good idea?
It’s great that you are here ready to learn more about betta care, hope this page helps!
Please remember to use the social share buttons if you feel this page is of value – we think this page could help improve the conditions of many betta fish’s lives if shared wide enough!
Ok, let’s help some betta fishes.
Looking at a betta fish’s natural habitat for basic betta care.
The natural habitat of the betta fish is the shallow streams and rice paddies of Thailand. Though shallow these are huge areas of wetland.
-Give your betta a lot of personal space.-‘Shallow stream’ does not mean ‘can live in a jar’. A shallow stream still has plenty of space for a betta to swim!
– A 5 gallon tank is a perfect size for one male betta (but the bigger the better). – Keep your betta fish in a small vase or bowl.
The tropical waters of Thailand (formally Siam).
-Keep your betta fish’s water in the high 70s deg F (78 – 80F). -Keep your betta fish in cold water.
-Put a heater on a tank <1 gallon. Heaters on small tanks will heat too quickly which is bad for the fish’s health.
Betta fish are labyrinth fish. Using a special bladder to breathe from the water’s surface.
-Leave some space at the top of your tank for the fish to come to the surface for air. -Leave

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.434456
Retrieved Text: Published 04/23/2019 08:51:23 pm at 04/23/2019 08:51:23 pm in Beta Fish Bowl Plants.
beta fish bowl plants best aquatic plants for betta tank betta fish tanks my top expertly recommended betta fish tanks the sweetsea creative acrylic hanging wall mount gallon betta fish tank.
beta fish bowl fish plant bowl wall mounted hanging bubble bowl beta fish bowl fish plant bowl wall mounted hanging bubble bowl plant fish tank fish plant, fish bowl with plant on top clear aquarium self watering pot planter fish bowl with plant on top fish bowl with plant material capacity x wall mounted bowl fish bowl with plant , aquascaping betta surfing the light current from water filter best betta fish bowl waterfall filter and heater obsession best food tank size plants care medium size , of the best live plants for betta tanks fish tank world betta fish plants, fish bowl with plant on top beautiful terrarium how to make a fish fish bowl with plant on top beautiful terrarium how to make a fish bowl with a plant on top betta fish bowl plant top, betta fish tank setup ideas that make a statement spiffy pet products betta fish gallon tank setup decorating ideas, betta in a vase betta in a vasejpg bytes, betta fish bowl with plant fish bowl with live plant betta fish bowl betta fish bowl with plant fish bowl with live plant betta fish bowl vase plant, beta fish bowl with plant how to make a fish bowl with live plants beta fish bowl with plant plant

########
Rank: 7
Score: 54.286285
Retrieved Text: What do you know about....?
fish tank, hermit crab, hermit crabs Anyone have a saltwater aquarium?
bigger tank, cherry barbs, female betta, female bettas, ghost shrimp, male betta betta setup/ companion(s): suggestions??
doing fine, fancy tail gold fish, gold fish sad or sick?
african dwarf, african dwarf frog, brine shrimp, dwarf frogs, female betta, female bettas, fish tank, ghost shrimp, hbh betta bites, male betta, tropical fish Im Getting A Beta!!!!!
My swordtails haven't been having many babies lately.
african dwarf, african dwarf frog, cherry barbs, cory cats, dwarf frogs, female betta, female bettas, fish tank, ghost shrimp, male betta, neon tetras Your Tanks!
hbh betta bites My bettas are not eating there food?
algae eater, gestation period, tap water undergravel filter??????
bigger tank, fish tank, tropical fish Pump Problems HELP!
black spots My first fish!!
cory cats, fish tank, neon tetras Albino Cat fish help!!!
fish food, life cycle Anchor Worm!
pet store I got a betta!
african dwarf, african dwarf frog, fish tank African Dwarf Froggies ... um ... mating.
algae eater, fish tank Algae Take Over!
female betta, male betta Silly Guppies!
pet store, pet stores Which is better?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 54.156315
Retrieved Text: I'm not 100% sure if my fish is pregnant can anyone help me.
How do I fix BAD betta fin tearing?
Does Waterfall Discharge make the water 'cleaner' than surface discharge in a fish tank?
How long does “giving birth” last for a molly?
How long does it take a fish to finish delivery of babies? She is a molly. I noticed two fry swimming around a day ago and haven't seen any more. Has she finished giving birth?
Multiple Male Bettas in 200+ Gallon?
Which nano fish for a big, colorful, community tank?
Fish keep dying, rogue homicidal fish or is my filter too powerful?
What’s wrong with my Betta fish?
What substrate/base should I use for this small fish pond?
Is it ok to put my fish back in the tank after I've cured the silicone but it still smells a little of vinegar?
Can Bettas have lazy personalities?
Why has my fish laid eggs but is a platy?
Can I keep crayfish and guppy fish together in a tank?
How many mollies and glofish can be in a 20g tank?
I’m cycling a 20g tank and I have 3 mollies currently. As the tank is done cycling, I want to add more mollies and glofish! How many of each do you recommend?
How do I clean an aquarium?
My Betta is losing its colour from its head. This seems to be progressing daily. Please see pics. What is the cause and is there any cure?
Does a goldfish experience feelings of loneliness?
Half-Moon Betta fish tail-fin is curled in on itself, what could be the issue?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 54.14253
Retrieved Text: In today’s post, I will tackle a question that I’ve been asked a lot these days, which is what are the best and worst betta fish tank mates? Male betta fish have long been known by aquarium enthusiasts as somewhat of an aggressive tank fish. However, it doesn’t mean that they can’t maintain good relationships with other tank mates. Just be careful with your choice and all will be well. First and foremost, do not keep male and female betta fish together. Unless of course, it’s mating season! Otherwise, it will surely end up in a fight and one will definitely lose. Keep reading for the best and worst betta fish tank mates.
On the other hand, if you still want to keep your betta with other fish, there are a few rules that will help you achieve your goal.
1. Don’t keep bright colored fish with big fins and veil-style tails together with betta males. They will immediately react to these characteristics in other fish, which will usually end in the death of the colorful ones.
2. If your tank has other equally aggressive fish, such as, Cichlids, the war between the two species is a guarantee. At the end, you will have dead fish on both sides.
3. If you like gold fish, you need to know that they like cooler water than other tank fish. Putting betta in this kind of environment is not advisable. Firstly, they will react to gold fish in the same aggressive manner as to other colorful fish. Secondly, cooler water can weaken

########
Rank: 10
Score: 53.632412
Retrieved Text: You do not need to cycle a 3 gallon Betta tank if you are only keeping a single Betta in the tank, Most of the employees feed a few Betta pellets to each fish but when I feed, I use a pipette to give each fish a few thawed blood worms. Once or twice a week, the fish receive a 100% water change. Ideally a few new bowls are set up with dechlorinated water at the same temperature as the are... Betta Fish Tank Setup and Basic Care (Siamese Fighting Fish Aquarium and Care) Posted on June 9, 2017 by admin A proper betta fish tank setup is the first step to take good care of your betta fish.
How do I cycle a 2.5 gallon tank with a betta fish without a test kit? 3,772 3.8K. How do I cycle a 2.5 gallon tank with a betta fish without a test kit? How do I cycle a 2.5 gallon tank with a betta fish without a test kit? Sponsored Links. Posted on General Freshwater Questions. answer share #2. johnarthur. 4 years ago. Change 25 or 30 percent of the water every other day, and treat the... 28/07/2017 · Hello everyone, I know you are probably instantly turned off by the title because cycling a tank with fish in it is considered very cruel, but I made a call to put my Betta fish in an uncycled tank because he was previously living in Bowl that was probably less a gallon and he was quite miserable.
28/07/2017 ·

########
Rank: 11
Score: 53.10668
Retrieved Text: Important Tips On Dealing With Betta Fish Fungus!
The fungus is mostly found in tanks which are not well treated when the water is replaced. Once a fish in a community tank contracts this particular infection, there are high chances that the other remaining fish may also get infected, and this implies that once spotted, the disease should be eliminated quickly. A betta fish that has fungal infection seems to have a more pale hue of the standard color, and may not be seen to be active as usual. Additionally, the fins may assume a clumped appearance.
A fish that seems to have lost its normal color.
A fish that scratches itself or rubs against the items of the tank.
A fish whose fins are not widespread, and appear to be closed, unhealthy or clumped together.
A fish that spends all of its time at the bottom of the pond and only emerges to the surface when wants to breathe.
A fish that refuses to eat, and does not show the sort of excited reaction when being fed, or spits out the food.
A fish having gills that cannot completely close because of inflammation. The inflammation can additionally result to the gills changing color to red.
If your betta fish has any of these symptoms, keep reading.
Before talking about treating this particular betta fish disease, it is important to talk about some preventative measures that you can take, to increase the chance of them not getting it in the first place. First and foremost, buy your betta from a reputable source because it’s highly

########
Rank: 12
Score: 52.93673
Retrieved Text: Did you know betta fish are one of the most popular first pets amongst aquatic species? Part of the reason is that caring for a betta fish is easier than with other similar species. First-time caretakers also prefer betta fish because of their beautiful flowing fins and coloring. Betta fish have amazing personalities and the ability to recognize their owners.
Bettas fish are, however, a beautiful species of fish that is particularly so with myths about their habitat and care. At some point in their history, the wild betta fish habitat perpetuated the myth they prefer small and low-oxygen habitats. Through evolution, the betta fish survived in small and low oxygenated bodies of water, but that does not equate to thriving in captivity.
Betta fish actually do not prefer or thrive in small habitats. Pet stores keep bettas in small solitary cups because they are territorial fish and cannot be housed with each other or other aggressive or bright colored fish. Keeping a betta fish in these small containers for extended periods of time is cruel and detrimental to their health.
Betta fish can live in abnormally small spaces for a period of time, but that’s only for survival. Despite living in areas of prolonged droughts, betta fish prefer a habitat that is at least 2.5 gallons or larger. While bettas can live in smaller tanks, they thrive in larger habitats that are 2.5 gallons or larger. The ideal size is 5-10 gallons with plenty of plants and hiding spaces.
Betta fish may or may not need a heater, depending

########
Rank: 13
Score: 52.91207
Retrieved Text: Published 04/23/2019 08:05:37 pm at 04/23/2019 08:05:37 pm in Beta Fish Bowl Plants.
beta fish bowl plants betta tank easy betta fish plants for beginners the complete guide advantages of keeping live plants.
beta fish plant linkafxinfo beta fish plant beta fish bowls beta fish bowl so i got this fish bowl heater, betta fish tank setup ideas that make a statement spiffy pet products betta fish tank setup ideas that make a statement, betta fish tanks my top expertly recommended betta fish tanks the sweetsea creative acrylic hanging wall mount gallon betta fish tank, best aquarium plants for betta fish youtube , beta fish bowl beta fish bowl with plant plant fish bowl pop beta fish bowl beta fish bowl with plant plant fish bowl pop artificial fake succulent plant in fish bowl beta fish bowl how to make betta fish bowl with , how to start a betta fish in a water lily environment pets a water lily adds color and oxygen to your betta tank, fish bowl with plant on top fish plant bowl co betta fish bowl plant fish bowl with plant on top top wedding table flower centerpieces with fish bowl centerpieces wedding fish bowl with plant , betta fish tank with plant on top best fish tanks betta fish tank betta fish tank with plant on top best fish tanks betta fish tank plant on top, betta fish bowls with plants home garden compare prices at nextag unique bargains green plastic plant fishbowl betta tank w, the best betta fish tanks available

########
Rank: 14
Score: 52.81454
Retrieved Text: Betta fish are in my top 5 freshwater fish. I love them.
They’re the perfect blend of beauty, personality, and deathly fighting skills.
And in this guide, you’ll learn how to provide them with an optimal environment in order to help them thrive and entertain.
Bettas in the Wild: Where do They Come From?
Bettas (Betta splendens), also called Siamese fighting fish, are native to the Mekong River basin in Southeast Asia. They can be found in Laos, Thailand, Cambodia and Vietnam.
Betta fish live in slow moving waters like swamps, small creeks or even rice paddies. Bettas typically live in what’s called blackwater environments where the water is a dark brown color.
The dark water in blackwater environments is caused by millions of leaves falling into waterways. As the leaves break down, they release tannins (tannic acid). The tannins dye the water dark brown, just like when you add hot water to a tea bag.
The tannins also have a big effect on the water parameters in these environments. All that tannic acid means that the water is always fairly acidic, sometimes pH can even drop below 5.
The waterways in this area are also considered to be soft or very soft, meaning they have low levels of calcium and magnesium dissolved in the water column.
If you saw a wild betta, you might not even know it was the same species of fish as the one found in pet stores. Wild bettas have small rounded fins and are a drab greenish brown color.
All the spectacular colors and giant fins we’re used to come

########
Rank: 15
Score: 52.420097
Retrieved Text: For a start, it is a common mistake to assume a smaller tank such as a 10 gallon aquarium is easier to maintain than a bigger tank.
In fact, maintaining a smaller tank is much harder due to the need to do more frequent water change.
But if you do decide to start a 10 gallon aquarium, then you should know the best fish for your small tank.
You should know what does a 10-gallon tank represent in the fish-keeping world?
It is among the smallest and therefore not recommended to beginner aquarists, mainly because it is more difficult to maintain in terms of proper filtration, water change, and generally keeping everything in good shape.
One of the reason a 10 gallon aquarium is not recommended to beginner is they often make big mistakes when deciding what fish to stock into such a confining aquarium, especially if considering a mixed species community.
Thus, if you are a beginner, the first thing to do is stop being a beginner and do some research on your favorite fish.
It is quite an easy thing to do nowadays with the global Internet. Only then should you go to the store, confident of your knowledge and decisions.
What you should pay attention to?
That said, you can’t keep two species comfortable with significantly different water conditions or a highly peaceful fish with an aggressive or territorial one (goes for any size of the aquarium).
And, of course, you can’t stock fish that are simply too large for a ten-gallon aquarium such as Angelfish, Gourami, African Cichlid, or Bela Shark.
Nevertheless, volume

########
Rank: 16
Score: 52.215702
Retrieved Text: Keeping fish as pet is something I've done for the past few years. Most recently, I've had an aquarium of freshwater fish for a few years. My last fish in that tank was Rasby the Rasbora, who lived for a few years. I had hoped to write this post about him and upgrade his fish tank, but he unfortunately passed away before I had the chance.
This post is sponsored by MARS Fishcare and the BlogPaws Professional Pet Blogger Network. I am being compensated for helping spread the word about API Perfect Start but Pawsitively Pets only shares information we feel is relevant to our readers. MARS Fishcare is not responsible for the content of this article.
My daughters both love keeping fish, especially my youngest - the 3 year old. She loves watching her fish swim around their fish tank. I thought it was time to get rid of our old fish tank and start anew. This time with a new type of freshwater fish - a Betta.
It's been a very long time since I've kept a Betta as a pet. In their natural habitat, they live in small rice paddy puddles, so they don't require a huge tank. Still, something a comfortable size is nice. Betta fish are aggressive towards each other, and must be kept alone.
Off I went to PetSmart with my two girls. I wasn't even sure what kind of fish I was going to get this time. I love them all! I decided to go with a Betta because they are an easy

########
Rank: 17
Score: 52.09175
Retrieved Text: What’s the Right Pet Fish for Me?
Fish make fabulous pets, especially for those who want to have an animal companion in the home. They’re good for people with allergies or those who don’t want to take on the responsibility of caring for mammals or birds.
Most likely you are reading this article because you have little experience with aquatic animals or you’ve never taken care of one before. If you don’t want to get the popular goldfish variety, there are other genera and species of fish that are perfect for the beginner.
Many species of fish can eat almost anything but it’s best to buy the food that is commercially prepared for each variety. It doesn’t usually cost a lot and the food will last you a very long time. It is possible to overfeed fish. They can get gassy and bloated if fed too much. Additionally, uneaten food will allow bacteria to thrive in the water. Following directions on the label of the fish food is important to maximize their lifespans.
Buying a tank of the appropriate size is always preferable over a fish bowl which is too small and doesn’t allow the fish enough room to swim. It may look cute on your table top, but it won’t be a suitable home for even one fish. You may need a filter for your tank but a hanging filter is adequate as long as the tank isn’t too big and you don’t have too many fish.
Warm water fish should be kept at about 75°F. If you don’t think

########
Rank: 18
Score: 51.925144
Retrieved Text: How do you take care of betta fish? In our guides to betta fish care, you’ll learn about feeding bettas, what size tank bettas need, whether betta fish need a heater, betta fish facts, and even whether betta fish fight or get lonely! So, read on for the ultimate guide to caring for your betta fish.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 51.606754
Retrieved Text: walmart betta fish beta fish bowls demand media how to decorate using plants betta fish tank heater walmart.
walmart betta fish animals personal fish fish beta fish fighting fish how to fix walmart betta fish water.
walmart betta fish fish decor fish centerpiece ideas photo 2 of 8 image tank decoration funny decorations walmart betta fish abuse.
walmart betta fish fish tank heater how do i heat a walmart betta fish water.
walmart betta fish fish heater fish tank heaters aquarium heater tanks for sale setup ideas fighter villa trio fish betta fish tank heater walmart.
walmart betta fish aqua culture aqua falls fish aquarium kit gallon walmart betta fish abuse.
walmart betta fish tank heater fish tank warmer fish tank heater betta fish tank heater walmart.
walmart betta fish cool fish tanks cool fish tank ideas that will inspire you fish aquarium walmart betta fish food.
walmart betta fish fish at by walmart betta fish abuse.
walmart betta fish animals personal fish fish beta fish fighting fish how to fix walmart betta fish tank.
walmart betta fish betta fish tank walmart canada.
walmart betta fish fish food we fish food betta fish tank walmart canada.
walmart betta fish fish walmart betta fish rescue.
walmart betta fish fish at by betta fish water conditioner walmart.
walmart betta fish sick fish rescued 2 the story of a fish walmart betta fish abuse.
walmart betta fish sick fish rescued 3 walmart betta fish heater.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 51.45925
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 07:10:02 am at 04/24/2019 07:10:02 am in Betta Fish Tank Plants.
betta fish tank plants bamboo plant in fish tank best cool fish tanks images on aquarium ideas fish tanks and bamboo plant in fish tank betta fish tank light low plants for aquarium marina apollomedia betta fish tank light low plants for aquarium marina.
betta plant vase beta betta plant vase kit woneninhetgroeninfo betta , betta than a bowl betta fish aquariums betta tank inspiration gallon tank live and plastic plants wood sand rocks good betta tank your betta will display beautiful swimming flaring and exploring behavior in , best aquarium plants for betta fish buyers guide reviews you should add some live plants to your aquarium and makes the proper living conditions and boost up the optimum health of your betta fish, new basic betta fish care betta fish for beginners guide awesomebettafishaquaponicskitsforyour, betta fish tank plants the best plant fish tank decorations shipwreck with plants aquarium, betta fish balls live marimo aquarium plants for fish tanks betta fish balls live marimo aquarium plants for fish tanks natural toy accessories for betta , unusual aquarium plants design inspiration the most new house betta fish tank setup ideas that make a statement spiffy pet products rh spiffypetproducts com, amazoncom aquatic arts betta fish balls live marimo aquarium aquatic arts betta fish balls live marimo aquarium plants for fish tanks natural, betta fish tank with plant on top fish plant bowl best fish images betta fish tank with plant on top fish tanks and plus fish

########
Rank: 21
Score: 51.411633
Retrieved Text: Home Care Sheets & Guides Do Betta Fish Need Light? Dark? How Many Hours Per Day?
We all want our fish to live healthy, long lives, and using the right kind of aquarium light, for the correct number of hours each day, can really help with that.
So in answer to the question: ‘Do betta fish need light?’ The answer is a definite YES!
And you should also know that a regular, daily period of darkness is just important.
But there’s many other questions regarding aquarium lighting that need answering too. And that’s where this article will help.
The natural day time/night time light cycle for your fish and why it’s so important.
What Kind Of Light Do Betta Fish Need?
Is Sunlight Better Than Artificial Light For a Betta Tank?
How Many Hours Light And Dark Do Betta Fish Need Each Day?
How Many Watts Do You Need For The Size of Your Betta Tank?
When it comes to choosing a betta’s aquarium lighting, the best thing to remember is the closer you can get to mimicking their natural environment, the happier and healthier your fish will be under your care.
In the wild, these fish live in relatively shallow standing waters such as canals, rice paddies and floodplains.
So unlike deep water fish, Bettas are used to a more natural daylight/nighttime cycle—and this is exactly what you should aim to provide.
If aiming to mimic their natural environment, then sunlight must surely be the best right?
Well, it’s hard to argue against this fact but if you prefer to rely on natural sunlight, be warned that it comes

########
Rank: 22
Score: 51.342182
Retrieved Text: Recently, I have returned to using live plants in my wild betta tanks. My reasoning for this is twofold, and basically all comes back to my long-term goal of 'hands-off' fish keeping.
Firstly, as I am now using aqua soil as a substrate in all my wild betta tanks, I require something to uptake excess nutrients from the water column. Secondly, live plants can essentially take on the role of biological filtration in tanks where conditions are not conductive to the growth of beneficial bacteria.
Here, duckweed and Asian watergrass is used to improve water quality and provide surface cover.
In an uncycled tank, the only way to remove potentially toxic ammonia is through very frequent water changes. Unfortunately, unless your source water is very close in chemistry to your tank water, changing out water constantly can cause potentially harmful swings in parameters.
However, fast growing species of aquatic plants (particularly floaters and stems) can be exceptionally efficient absorbers of ammonia. In fact, if your tank has enough actively growing plant mass, you may never see a spike in ammonia levels. This process is often referred to as a 'silent cycle' as the plants take on the role that the biological filter would otherwise occupy.
While all this sounds great, there is one major hurdle wild betta keepers face when trying to grow live plants, and that is tannins.
Tannins are terrific for wild bettas, but not so great for plants. Tannins can have an affect on light penetration, so the darker your water is, the less light can penetrate to the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 51.310585
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Betta Fish' started by dequace, Mar 5, 2006.
Hello.. I'm a new betta owner, I've never had one before in my life, so I'm not really sure about a lot of things. I know bettas should be kept in warm water, and the temperature I just took of my water was 66 degrees fahrenheit.. I really, honestly, cannot afford to get a heater for my little fish, so what should I do? I have a halogen light on my desk that I could shine on his bowl, but I can't leave it on all the time.. Is it better to let it warm up when I can and then turn it off, or keep the temperature colder, but constant?
Also, I've only had my betta for... 7-ish hours now, and there's a bit of white stuff floating about in the water that I believe was in the water when I got him.. is this fungus? :'( Because I don't know what to do if it is.. change his water?
Also x2, (Sorry.. I'm new..) Would it help to add a bit of salt to the betta's water? I don't have the special salt, but I have regular salt and sea salt.. If so, how much should I add? The bowl is not that big..
Re: Keeping my betta warm..!
Not very big, perhaps 3/4 gallon.
The white stuff is like.. it's hard to describe. Like, a bit stringy, and it floats around suspended in the water. It's not a bubble nest, I know that..
The most important thing here is the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 51.253815
Retrieved Text: As much as I’m told it doesn’t happen. I’m always worried my betta looks lonely. And if you’re reading this then you probably do too. Finding tank mates for your betta can often be difficult so you may be asking yourself “can betta fish live with snails?” If so, then keep reading to find out!
1 Can Betta Fish Live With Snails?
2 Do Bettas Eat Snails?
10 Will Snails Clean Your Fish Tank?
14 What’s The Ideal Tank Size For Snails?
Can Betta Fish Live With Snails?
In general, adding a snail or two to your tank will not cause your betta to become aggressive. Sometimes your betta may pick at it or nibble, this is because of curiosity more than aggression. However, this always depends on your betta. If you know that your betta is aggressive then you should avoid any other tank mates. But if you’re not sure then you should add one and see.
Bettas will eat anything in your tank so if given the chance, they’ll try to eat your snails too. Because of this, it’s important to try and buy snails that aren’t small. Larger snails are a lot harder to eat. And while your betta may still try to get at the fleshy parts of your snail, a fully grown one is going to have a much better chance of defending themselves.
You shouldn’t think that if you introduce a snail to your tank your betta will always eat it. Many betta owners have had a snail in their tank for many years without any issues.
And there

########
Rank: 25
Score: 50.865868
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Betta Fish' started by anunez91, Mar 28, 2010.
i blame you for the inspiration, =] haha, although its nowhere near as colorful as yours, i think they enjoy it. The one in the middle is my first crowntail, hes amazing. The two on the farthest right are my original betta, and the two on the left are my other two new ones, i bought three today, and a new heater, theyre all digging the consistent warm, haha Ill have better pictures up soon, this was with a phone. I just wanted to show you what a "horrible" influence you had on me, hahaha!
Beautiful tank and fish! Thanks for sharing them with us. Be sure to update your aquarium profile information when you have time.
Shawnie has inspired many of us! Thank you Shawnie!
Looks great! I agree with Ken, Shawnie's an inspirer :;nw Thanks for sharing the photos. Any names for your bettas?
You've been busy! What are their names? What size tank is it?
Yep, Shawnie can definitly inspire/enable for sure. That's just one of the many things that makes her such an asset to the forum.
but I got allot of my influence from others here ....I think we ALL enabler each other!!
how about, thank you shawnie, and fishlore! for all the success every members had thus far!
Thanks for sharing, now I can't wait for names after your last post lol!
lol MM! Shawnie is responsible for the tank bug...the betta bug is all you!!! Those tanks look great!
Shawnie how could you! ROFL! I dont think it was all

########
Rank: 26
Score: 50.834373
Retrieved Text: 16/02/2015 · In order to be able to post messages on the Betta Fish and Betta Fish Care forums, you must first register. Please enter your desired user name, your …... Fill your betta tank with tap water and dose it according to the manufacturer's instructions with an aquarium water conditioner. The water conditioner will remove harmful toxins and chemicals from the tap water, thus making it safe for your betta fish.
1/07/2018 · Cleaning your tank and its decorations is very important for your betta fish’s health. Only use approved aquarium decorations and materials that are safe for fish. Use a magnetic or algae cleaning wand for regular algae removal while the tank is filled.
Cleaning a Betta Tank is pretty easy if you follow some simple steps. In my article, I show you how to clean a Betta fish tank in 11 simple steps.
19/06/2016 · I used to clean my tank like this, but I didn't want to kill the beneficial bacteria, so I started using a siphon. I do this method to deep clean though, around every two months.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 50.788723
Retrieved Text: My Fun Fish Tank Reviews - Is it a Scam or Legit?
The My Fun Fish Tank is a self-cleaning fish tank that promises to be a perfect, addition to any room; simply add fresh water whenever the tank needs cleaning, and the dirty water is forced out through the attached spout.
At its most basic, My Fun Fish Tank is a clear, round plastic tank that looks about the size of a water pitcher (listed size is 4.5” x 4.5” x 10”), which holds about half a gallon of water. Attached to the tank is a small tube with spout that runs from the bottom and pokes out near the top.
To use My Fun Fish, first fill with water and fish (neither of which are included), cover the bottom with the included river stones, and adorn with the (optional) decorative kit. Once complete, the manufacturer claims you’ll have created “an incredible water world” that will “captivate your family’s imagination”.
When the tank gets dirty, instead of dumping and cleaning, My Fun Fish is claimed to use “gravity clean technology” to keep it free from cloudy debris. And when you pour in the new water, this “technology” will force the old water through the tube and out the spout, which is claimed to keep water fresh and oxygenated, and (presumably) your fish happy.
What is My Fun Fish’s Gravity Technology?
While it certainly looks cool when it’s occurring, the My Fun Fish tank is simply using fluid displacement to flush dirt and debris that’s settled on the bottom through the attached

########
Rank: 28
Score: 50.566765
Retrieved Text: Betta fish are one of the most popular kinds of fish that people keep in home aquariums, which isn’t super surprising. They’re charismatic little creatures, with bright colors and ruffle-y fins that are beautiful to look at.
Betta fish, whose scientific name is Betta splendens, are native to Thailand, and they also have introduced, wild populations in Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Brazil, Colombia, and the Dominican Republic. They’re tropical fish that like to live in still and slow-flowing waters, such as swamps, streams, ponds, rice paddies and roadside ditches. Traditionally, people raised them to fight each other, while spectators placed bets on which fish would win. Because of this colorful history (pun intended), they’re also called Siamese Fighting Fish.
Betta fish are lovely to keep around, and as you know, fish are one of the most low-maintenance pets you can have. However, you do need to give them some regular care, so they stay healthy and happy in their aquarium – their home within your home. One crucial thing you need to do is to make sure your bettas are kept in water that’s at the correct temperature.
What temperature do betta fish prefer and why?
In the wild, betta fish live in tropical areas. So when you keep bettas in an aquarium at home, they’ll still need the warm water habitat that they’re used to. In fact, they have a pretty narrow ideal temperature range – the most optimal being 78-80º F (s25.5-26.5º C).
Although betta fish can tolerate temperatures ranging between 72-86º F (22-30º C), if the water is outside

########
Rank: 29
Score: 50.44488
Retrieved Text: heater for 2 gallon tank heater for 1 gallon tank 1 gallon tanks 1 gallon tank this is the i bought heater for 1 gallon tank heater for 2 gallon betta tank best heater for 2 gallon tank.
heater for 2 gallon tank pump water pumps and pressure tanks 2 gallon heater overflow works standards pump parts diagram heater for 1 2 gallon tank heater for 2 gallon betta tank.
heater for 2 gallon tank gallon tank 2 x lights w heater mini might internal 50 watt heater for 2 gallon tank adjustable heater for 2 gallon tank.
heater for 2 gallon tank heater for 2 gallon tank heater for 1 2 gallon tank.
heater for 2 gallon tank 5 gallon aquarium heater 2 fish tank portrait kit home decor with filter and heater for 2 gallon tank 2 gallon water heater expansion tank.
heater for 2 gallon tank small 2 gallon tankless water heater heater for 1 2 gallon tank.
heater for 2 gallon tank 2 gallon tankless water heater best aquarium heater for 2 gallon tank.
heater for 2 gallon tank fish water worker 2 gal water heater expansion safety tank betta heater for 1 2 gallon tank.
heater for 2 gallon tank tetra heater 2 gallon tankless water heater 50 watt heater for 2 gallon tank.
heater for 2 gallon tank heater do need a heater heater burn heater tank heater gallon heater for 2 gallon betta tank 2 gallon tankless water heater.
heater for 2 gallon tank 1 gallon tank heater for 1 2 gallon betta tank betta heater for 1 2

================



======= Instance Index 491 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Make a candy cane ornament out of beads and a pipe cleaner

Choice 1: Thread alternating red and white beads onto a pipe. Fold over the last bead to create a knot. Bend into a candy cane shape

Choice 2: Thread alternating red and white beads onto a pipe cleaner. Fold over the last bead to create a knot. Bend into a candy cane shape

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 60.331203
Retrieved Text: We love Christmas and we love crafts, so it shouldn't be a surprise that we love doing Christmas crafts! While Noah does quite a few crafts at school, as well as painting and playing with play-doh each day, I wanted to come up with a few simple Christmas crafts to do with him at home. I try to do at least one a week. Sometimes we craft on a morning we have off, while other times it helps fill the afternoons now that he's not napping. I perused Pinterest and got a few ideas. I decided I wanted to make a few things with him... an ornament, a wreath, a Christmas tree, and a Santa and maybe some elves. This week, I'm sharing the ornament and wreath Noah made.
The first craft we did was a candy cane ornament. This is the simplest craft that also helps little kids not only work on their fine motor skills but also their colors and patterns. All you need are some pipe cleaners and some red and white pony beads. I got all of my supplies at Michaels, but the links direct you to Amazon. I folded the end of the pipe cleaner over so the beads wouldn't fall off the end. Then Noah got to work. I told him he could do it however he wanted, but that a candy cane normally goes red, white, red, white. At the beginning, he was all for following the pattern. I was impressed with how good he was at putting the beads

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.856663
Retrieved Text: When I was putting together our Christmas Countdown chain, I decided to put up a small Christmas tree in Grace's room.
My thought was that we could put up a special tree – decorated with ornaments made by Grace. I imagine it will have lights on it, too, but the garlands, decorations, and topper will all be made by Grace and me.
That task presented a challenge; I couldn't at first think of many ornaments Grace could make.
I dug around the internet until I found a bunch. Some are kitchy and rough, others are fancier. They're all appropriate for the 3- and 4-year-old crowd to work on.
*At the time of publishing, all ornaments were linked to their creators' sites. Since that time, some of the sites have been taken down and the links have broken.
Pipe Cleaner Garlands from Parents.com. This is very simple; they just wrapped pipe cleaners around something round and linked them together. Anyone could make this colorful garland.
Dyed Pasta Garland. I didn't find any pictures of a garland made from colored pasta, but Marie at Make and Takes did a tutorial for making colored pasta necklaces last year. The idea is exactly the same.
Grace and I dyed penne pasta this past summer, and we have a ton of it leftover in our craft supplies. I'm going to help her string it on a ribbon to make a colorful garland for her little Christmas tree.
Swirled Glass Balls from Parents.com. These could not be easier. Open the glass ball and squirt paint inside – perfect for preschoolers!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 48.123894
Retrieved Text: Kids love everything about Christmas except waiting for the day to get here. With them taking a break from school, you’ll often hear cries of, “I don’t have anything to do.” You can keep them busy this holiday season with Christmas crafts that are easy and fun for the little ones to make.
Christmas Placemat Craft: Using recycled Christmas cards, tear off the backs where the writing is. You’ll need about three regular sized Christmas cards to make each placemat.
Have the kids glue the cards decoration side up down on colored construction paper. When the glue dries, cover the craft front and back with clear contact paper, making sure there are no open ends or gaps. Kids love setting their plats on their own special Christmas place mat.
Santa Ornament: This makes a great little gift for kids to make and give their friends or teachers too. Pick up large plastic ornaments at the craft store. These ornaments will open for you to put items inside.
Next, add cotton hair for the head, mustache and beard. Glue a red felt ‘hat’ on top of the hair. At the base of the ornament, glue a long piece of black felt for Santa’s belt. Glue the front bottom of the ornament to a thin wooden heart that’s been painted black. The curves in the heart will be Santa’s feet.
Christmas Countdown Chain: For this popular craft, you’ll need red and green construction paper cut into thin, even strips. The kids can decorate the paper strips with Christmas writing and glitter glue.
Candy Cane

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.997993
Retrieved Text: Create interlocking Tri-Bead ornaments in candy cane or wreath shapes.
To create candy cane ornament, form a small knot at the end of a white Fuzzy Stick. This will stop the Tri-Beads from slipping off when threaded.
Thread crystal and red Tri-Beads onto a white Fuzzy Stick.
Once you have reached your desired length, bend and form a small knot against the last Tri-Bead as you did in Step 2. Next, trim off the excess Fuzzy Stick.
Shape Fuzzy Stick into a candy cane shape.
Create an ornament hanger by using Beading Wire.
Attach the hanger to candy cane ornament.
You can also create this candy cane ornament using other holiday colors, such as a green and crystal!
To create wreath ornament, begin threading several green and then (2) red Tri-Bead onto a green Fuzzy Stick.
Once you have reached your desired length, curl Fuzzy Stick to form circle wreath shape. Trim any access Fuzzy Stick material with scissors.
Twist one red Glitter Stick around wreath shape.
Form bow shape with red Glitter Stick. Trim excess Fuzzy Stick material with scissors.
Tie a piece of craft wire to top of wreath ornament and hang on your tree with your candy cane ornaments!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.124664
Retrieved Text: Make a beaded snowflake ornament to decorate for the holidays.
For supplies you need silver pipe cleaners, beads, and scissors.
Use the scissors to cut the pipe cleaners into two four-inch lengths and one six-inch length.
Join the two short pieces by twisting them into an X.
Wrap the longer pipe cleaner around the center, leaving one long end for the loop.
Now put the beads on the pipe cleaners. The beautiful thing about pipe cleaners is that beads stay on without requiring glue or knots. After all the beads are on, twist the long end into a loop to hang the ornament.
Love it. Such an easy craft for little hands but they can make as many as they like. Create their own designs, twist the pipe cleaner into any shape, and add any combination of beads. Great idea for an easy prep craft on a cold day!
thank you for posting! we tried it this morning just minutes after I read the entry! it was a great little activity with supplies that we already have!!!! thank you!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.764782
Retrieved Text: Making Christmas ornaments for decorations at home is almost a tradition. Read this article to make some easy Christmas ornaments for your home.
One Christmas tradition which has lived on for centuries is decorating the home with various ornaments and by putting up a Christmas tree. Christmas decorations can have a range of hues and shades. You may want to go along with a theme or have a mix of all the different ideas. You may choose from a colorful Santa theme, candy and cookie theme, rustic countryside theme, etc. If you have kids at home then it is a splendid opportunity for them to learn some art and craft and get their imagination up and running. You can sit with them spend some priceless moments making Christmas ornaments together. Decorating your house with homemade Christmas ornaments gives you a satisfaction which is hard to match by buying decorations from the market. You can use any old stuff you thought was junk and create beautiful Christmas curios out of them. Explore the various ornaments given below with the methodology to make them at home and have a magnificent homemade Christmas decor.
Take off the hanger top from each glass ball ornament and keep aside.
Turn the egg carton upside down and use it as a holder by positioning ball ornaments in the middle of four egg cups.
Take some paint in a palette and mix with water till it begins to trickle off the paintbrush.
Now, dip paintbrush into palette and pick up a generous amount of watered down paint. Bring

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.32952
Retrieved Text: Making a Candy Cane Reindeer is a lot of fun especially for Christmas.
Take your pipe cleaner and fold in half. Hook the hooked part of the candy cane and insert it in the fold of the pipe cleaner. Twist pipe cleaner twice and end with the pipe cleaners sticking up and away from the candy cane. Form into antler shapes. Glue pompom to the short end of the candy cane. Glue eyes above nose. Tie ribbon around the “neck” of the reindeer in a bow. All done and kids love them!!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.922432
Retrieved Text: Glass beads add an extra touch of elegance to this idea.
Put an elegant spin on this year’s holiday decorating with a simple yet stunning snowflake ornament. This little beauty will add a seasonal sparkle to any yuletide green in a chic and understated manner.
Purchase most of your materials ahead of time in your local department stores and allow yourself approximately 20 minutes assembly time.
You will require 6 pipe cleaners for 1 ornament. I like to do them in one colour but you can mix both silver and white pipe cleaners if you wish.
Begin by twisting the 6 pipe cleaners around each other in the shape of a star. You should have pointed ends.
Plan out ahead of time what shape and size you would like your snowflake to be. For example, you may want to start with larger beads in the center and finish off with the smaller ones on the ends. The look is entirely random and any design will look beautiful.
Thread your beads on one pipe cleaner at a time and bend the end over to temporarily secure the end. Repeat on the pipe cleaner beside the completed one and secure. Thread approximately enough beads for a finished length of 3-4 centimeters long.
Bend the ends of the 2 completed pipe cleaners in the shape of a “V” and insert 2 more small beads on the end. Snip the ends of the pipe cleaners and secure. Repeat this process on the other ends of each pipe cleaner. You should end up with 6 snowflake branches.
Once completed

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.615158
Retrieved Text: At the beginning of the school year, I was bitten by the classroom volunteer bug. At the open house, the sign-up sheets were plentiful, and I was excited to volunteer to help out with a few class parties throughout the year. I volunteered to provide a craft for my son's class Christmas party, which happens to be taking place next week. I signed up to do a craft because I figured it would be easy and it meant that I wouldn't have to attempt to bake anything. Let's face it, though- nothing with twenty first graders is ever easy.
1- The party would be held at the end of the school day, so I needed to keep the craft short and sweet.
2- I absolutely did not want to have to bring a glue gun.
3- I didn't want to choose anything that would take a long time to dry or would be super fragile.
4- I wanted the kids to mostly be able to do the project themselves, freeing up the teachers and other parent volunteers.
The result- a super quick and simple craft that the kids could make in about five minutes.
I found all of the supplies for this craft at Hobby Lobby. The pipe cleaners and pom poms were sold together in a package. The googly eyes were the hardest to locate- I found them near the doll-making supplies. The jingle bell brads were in the seasonal craft area. I picked up the candy canes at ALDI, but you could get those anywhere- Dollar Tree, the drug store,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.08269
Retrieved Text: Rated 5 out of 5 by FosterCareCoordinator from the kids loved it the kids (ages 5-16) all enjoyed this and were able to do it with minimal assistance from me. it didn't need glue so there was no mess. highly recommend.
Rated 5 out of 5 by GATOR1983 from Childhood memories Great option! I remember making this as an elementary school craft. I still have the original and it made me happy to see it is still around...to share with the next generation. Well done!
Rated 5 out of 5 by Junebuggie from Great Christmas Craft The Christmas Cane Craft is a great craft to use for an object SS lesson at Christmastime. Symbolic of the shepherd's staff, the letter J for Jesus, red and white for Jesus' sacrifice and holiness, candy for the sweetness of his love, etc. etc. The craft is easy to construct and both primary and elementary aged children enjoy making it. It is a great ornament to take home to help children remember some of the aspects of the Christmas story.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Eagle4 from Great craft! The candy canes are one of my favorite crafts for my winter party. They are simple to make,but my students love them!
Rated 5 out of 5 by King16 from Perfect simple project Used this kit with my homeschooling group and kids from ages 2 and up could string the beads with a little assistance. Most kids could do everything themselves, and they enjoyed making different patterns with the beads.
Rated 5 out of 5

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.822933
Retrieved Text: Devise some fun holiday activities that you can do as a family. Some good ideas include watching a Christmas movie, going skating, building a snowman, or going on a walk to look at the neighbourhood lights. Write each activity down on a slip of paper and tuck the notes into each day of your calendar.
The dollar store is a great resource for small toys and games that can be added to an advent calendar, instead of candy. A box of crayons, craft supplies, barrettes, stickers, bouncy balls, little toy cars or Christmas ornaments are just a few fun ideas.
Visit a second-hand book shop or your local library, and pick up 24 holiday-themed books. You could also get creative with this option, and write a few stories and poems of your own. Wrap each carefully in paper, and assign a date to each one. Then have your child find the book of the day every evening before bed for a festive and memorable bedtime story experience.
Add the materials necessary for a fun but simple holiday craft to each date in your advent calendar. Pipe cleaner candy canes, beaded ornaments, or paper bag Christmas puppets are simple options, or pick up those clear plastic Christmas baubles and fill them up with glitter and beads for a pretty ornament. Have fun with it!
On a large sheet of paper, draw out a Christmas tree with 24 ornaments on it, big enough for your kids to colour in. It doesn’t have to be fancy or perfect… it’s the thought that counts!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.585747
Retrieved Text: Supplies: 20 small googly eyes, 10 small neon-colored pom-poms, craft glue, 20 black pipe cleaners, neon-colored pony beads, 10 bright-colored Tootsie Pops.
How-To: Glue two eyes onto each pom-pom. Cut pipe cleaners in half, and group together by fours. Wrap each group of four pipe cleaners around a Tootsie Pop just below the candy to create eight legs. Press a pony bead into the end of each pipe cleaner to make feet. Glue a pom-pom spider face onto the pipe cleaners at the base of the pop.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.576725
Retrieved Text: The Reindeer tube ornament is a simple and cute idea! The Reindeer design is beaded around a plastic hang tube (the ones which are a lot of beads such as delicas are sold in – you may have some lying around unused!). The ornament can be opened using the top cap and items placed inside and hung using the candy cane coloured hanging loop. So what should you put inside your tube? Well that's up to you! Here we have added 5 M&M sweets, but other sweets, letters, money or even beads will work! This Reindeer Tube bead pattern is made using Japanese Miyuki size 11 Delica beads and round peyote is used. It is assumed the beader will be familiar round peyote, however full instructions are given. Please note the pattern may not work with any other size and type of beads. There are 12 colours in total and the finished beadwork is approximately 6.5 cm x 1.75 cm. Additionally 1 x 8mm emerald crystal and a Plastic Tube With Hang Cap 2 inches x 9/16 inch is also required (available from www.threadabead.com - our ref: 939) The bead pattern supplied is 11 pages and includes a colour chart of suggested delicas, a colour pattern and a numbered coloured pattern.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.48414
Retrieved Text: Candy canes spark memories of Winter fun. Enjoy this candy cane inspired round-up of crafts, activities and recipes. Click through the links to read the tutorials on how to make each one. I have divided the round-up into five sections: Candy Cane Learning Activities, Sensory Activities, Recipes, Crafts and Ornaments. There are hundreds of holiday activities in this KBN collection of round-ups. When you get the chance, hop over and check out the other fun collections of holiday activities and recipes. While you are here, enter to win one of four $500 prizes!
I love these wonderful and creative candy cane themed learning activities. I can’t wait to try them out as a family. Here are the links to the tutorials (left to right).
Explore Candy Cane Math and Sight Word Activities from the Preschool Toolbox.
Try a fun Disappearing Candy Cane Science Experiment from Preschool Powol Packets.
Find out How to Bend Candy Canes in this great candy cane science lesson from Teach Mama.
Enjoy a lesson in Peppermint Water Science from Little Bins for Little Hands.
We are big fans of mint in our family. I also love the festive look of candy canes.
I can’t wait to try this 3 Layer Peppermint Bark recipe from The Madhouse.
This Easy Freezable Candy Cane Fudge from Inspiring Kids looks amazing!
This Buttery Candy Cane Cookie Recipe has been passed down for generations and is shared with us from the Preschool Toolbox.
This Candy Cane Shaped Candy Treat may have the candy cane shape, but it is made from a different ingredient! Find out what it’s

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.447796
Retrieved Text: When the sun appears after a winter snowstorm, snowflakes sparkle; bring the magical shimmer inside for the holidays with beaded snowflake ornaments. Whether you use commercial forms or create your own from pipe cleaners, wire or craft sticks, you can match your snowflakes to the decor of your home or the colors of a special event, such as a winter wedding.
Wire forms let you create your ornaments in just a few minutes. This is a simple way to create many snowflakes for gifts. String the beads of your choice on each spoke of the form, creating a pattern you like. At the end of each spindle, use the pliers to make a simple loop to secure the beads.
Stack your forms for an extra-special double snowflake.
Like the preformed snowflake wires, this is an easy project to do with children, as they can twist and thread the pieces with no problem.
Measure and cut two 4-inch pieces of pipe cleaner and one 6-inch piece with wire cutters. You can use scissors for this, but it will sometimes damage the blades. You can also bend the wire back and forth at the measured spot until it breaks.
Always supervise children when using scissors or wire cutters.
Layer the shorter pieces to make an X and twist them together to hold the shape. You can add a drop of glue on top of the twist for security, if you wish.
Place the long piece on top of the X, making the bottom edge line up with the X spokes. This will leave the top

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.135258
Retrieved Text: There's nothing wrong with the traditional glass orb, pine cone and candy cane Christmas tree ornaments you grew up with, but why not make the holiday more post-holiday water-cooler-gossip-ready for your family and friends with an unforgettable tree that's just dripping with your personality and style? With one trip to the craft store for a few necessities, you can make an infinite supply of one-of-a-kind handmade Christmas ornaments to give as gifts or to keep for yourself. And there are enough varieties to suit anyone on your list: floral, recycled, sparkly and rustic.
These adorable Christmas ornaments are as easy as tying a flower to a twig. Literally. Once you gather some twigs from the store or your yard, use hot glue or floral wire to attach any color of fresh or artificial flower to match your home decor. Add berries, birds, glitter, beads, ribbon ... you could even incorporate small action figures for an unexpected accent to your holiday decorating. Then tie ribbon in a small loop on the end to hang on your tree. If you use artificial materials, these Christmas decorations will last for years. But they're also simple and affordable enough to make as an annual tradition.
Get the free Christmas bunches tutorial from About!
Don't throw out those empty toilet paper and paper towel tubes! Simply paint the outside of the tubes and embellish them with a different color paint or glitter. For a large Christmas tree ornament, flatten the tubes, cut them into 10 uniformly-sized (about 3/4") rings, punch holes 3/4" from each

########
Rank: 16
Score: 37.52905
Retrieved Text: Sorry, we are currently sold out of '1985 Wallace Candy Cane Goldplate & Enamel Ornament'. Please check back later or contact us for future availability. We can place you on our want list for the item.
1985 Wallace Candy Cane Goldplate & Enamel Ornament, includes original box, brochure, and flannel bag. The ornament measures 4.5" high.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 37.34062
Retrieved Text: Christmas – For Parents,Teachers, Scout Leaders & Really Just Everyone!
Our family is a huge Nintendo fan and our kids have grown up playing all the Super Mario franchise games. This year, the kids had their own tree to decorate and we decided to make some Perler beads ornaments. We are looking forward to making lots of ornaments this holiday season.
Mario in the stocking original design came from dinandehn. After making Mario, I changed the red to green to create Luigi. When ironing, we left one of the top beads open and not too melted. This allowed us to put a Christmas hook into the hole which helped it fit easily on the tree.
Original design by dinandehn. Same as above- once made, we melted everything but the top bead to allow for the ornament hook.
Mushroom original design by dinandehn and the star original design by jekrus. Don’t forget while melting to leave room for the hook.
Original design by beadsmeetgeeks – this Christmas wrapped Yoshi Egg was super easy to make and looks great as a Christmas ornament.
Original design by beadsmeetgeeks- turned out super cute! Made with sand, black, white and red Perler beads. Will also work for Hama or just plain melty beads.
If you would like to see some other Super Mario patterns, visit menu at the top of click the links below.
For our last parade float, our younger Girl Scouts voted on a Candy Land theme float.
To make super cute candy lights, the girls poked a hole into two plastic cups, strung the lights through the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.041336
Retrieved Text: Kids love helping with Christmas decorations, and they’re going to really love making them!
Looking for a fun activity for you and the kiddo’s on these cold winter days? These 25 Christmas Ornaments Kids Can Make are going to brighten your tree, and give you plenty of fun play time together on these cold wintery days. Enjoy!
These yarn wrapped stars are easy for even the littles and your tree is going to look so cute with them hanging from the branches.
Want a yarn craft for bigger kids? Try these yarn circles. They can make designs with the wrapping and make each ornament unique.
This button and glitter tree is going to be so much fun for you and the littles to work on together.
And your bigger kids will love cutting tiny twigs to make perfect sized tree limbs for this tree craft.
This beautiful twig ornament can be made by anyone with just a little help!
Do you want to build a snowman…ornament?
Foam balls, push pins, and sequins will make for gorgeous ornaments you’ll want to hang every year!
For another variation of the same idea, try using fabric, ribbons and push pins. The results are just as gorgeous!
Your kiddo’s can draw self portraits and hang them in cross stitch rings. Imagine having an ornament like this for every year of their life!
Pom poms on pinecones are a beautiful and simple ornament craft.
Work on those fine motor skills by stringing beads onto pipe cleaners for as many ornament shapes as your kids can imagine!
Here’s another fun way to use pipe cleaners,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.522793
Retrieved Text: The first is for you to hang on your tree and gets a charm.
The materials needed for the reindeer ornament are: used stoppers, chenille rods (brown pipe cleaner), red beads, toy eyes, hot glue and clips.
First paste a beads into one of the bases of the cork, this will be the nose of our reindeer. Once done, take the chenille and take two turns at the opposite end of where you glued the beads.
Model it to be the reindeer’s horns. After that, take the toy eyes and glue the sides of the cork with glue and then take the clips and tap the cork at the end of the horns, fold it and make the hook. Ready, a beautiful and simple ornament to make.
Here at CraftinLearning.com, this is another Christmas option we bring, a snowman made of fabrics and socks that you no longer use. It’s great for sprucing up work environments and dining tables at supper time, they are delicate and charming.
It will be necessary: ​​a white sock with high; a baby sock; two used tennis balls; remnants of fabric, ribbons or string; buttons; hot glue, stylus, pen and cola with glitter. Take one of the tennis balls and with the aid of a stylus cut a small cap, that will be the side of the ball that is cut will be the base of the snowman – that will keep him standing.
Put the two balls inside the sock, knot them so they do not go out and then do the hat. For him he

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.09505
Retrieved Text: Learn how to make crystal ornaments at home!
Science Behind the Project: As the super-saturated solution cools, Borax is forced out of solution (because the water can no longer hold all of it) and crystals form spontaneously on the millions of microscopic surfaces (called nucleation sites) all over the material of the pipe cleaner. As the number of Borax molecules increases, the crystals get larger, eventually getting large enough to make the fabulous crystals you see on your ornament!
Add 3 cups of water to container and heat to almost boiling in microwave (or heat 3 cups of water in a saucepan and add to container).
Measure out Borax and slowly stir into hot water with craft stick, creating a milky, saturated solution.
Loosely cover container with lid and set solution aside to cool slightly (about 30 minutes) while making the ornament base.
Cut and bend pipe cleaner into desired shape or letter.
Attach short length of wire to pipe cleaner form and wrap the other end of the wire around a craft stick.
Remove lid from container and put pipe cleaner form in the borax solution, resting the craft stick across the mouth of the container. Adjust the length of the wire so the pipe cleaner is completely submerged but not touching the sides or bottom of the container.
Loosely cover the whole setup with the lid and place in a location where you can check on the progress of your ornament but where it will not be disturbed.
Slowly, the milky solution will become clear and you will be able to see your

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.91148
Retrieved Text: Happy Sunday! How are you? I hope you’ve had a great day. I am so sorry tonight’s post is so late! I have had such a crap day, but, I have finally found time to sit down and sort of relax and that’s when I realised I still haven’t finished tonight’s post. So that’s why we are here now.
I have found two fun and simple DIY’s for children to take part in. I made sure they were really easy because I know how stressful children can be. Let’s jump straight into the first one.
This is such a fun, creative and easy DIY for any child to get involved in. All you need is brown paint, a willing child to participate, and some plain or coloured paper.
The child will get to the fun part of things in their finger and printing it onto the paper, you or someone else, gets the artist side of things. To finish of the look, add some antlers and/or a red nose to represent Rudolph.
This one may not be for the younger ones, but this is definitely a great DIY. All you need is pipe cleaners and beads. To create this, you need to slightly bend one end of the pipe cleaner up, add the beads into your coloured pattern. (Red then white, or white then red ect.) Once you’ve finished, bend the bottom part up to stop the beads falling off. Bend the pipe cleaner into shape, and hey presto, you have Pipe cleaner candy canes.
And that’s all I have for

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.496346
Retrieved Text: Candy cane ornaments bring some cheer to your Christmas tree. Decorate your Christmas tree with beaded candy cane ornaments made by your child.... We made a candy cane craft for the tree #bostikbloggers #kids #crafts #instakids A photo posted by Helen Neale ~ Kids / Travel (@kiddycharts) on Dec 12, 2015 at 7:32am PST We hope you like this candy cane craft; you can, of course, use different coloured ribbon.
To help us remember what Christmas is all about, we decided to make a candy cane ornament to go along with this book. We took mini candy canes and put two together to look like hearts. This is to remind us that God loves us so very much and that will never change.
We made a candy cane craft for the tree #bostikbloggers #kids #crafts #instakids A photo posted by Helen Neale ~ Kids / Travel (@kiddycharts) on Dec 12, 2015 at 7:32am PST We hope you like this candy cane craft; you can, of course, use different coloured ribbon.
14/11/2018 · Create the stripes. If the noodle is red, use white electrical tape to create stripes or vice versa. If you’ve chosen another color like purple, you will cover the entire noodle in a solid color of tape first before creating the alternating colored stripes.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.35648
Retrieved Text: Merry Christmas Eve! Similar to my Halloween Yarn-Wrapped Letters, I made Christmas yarn-wrapped letters into objects related to Christmas. I made two different variations for the word “JOY”. Read below if you are interested in making some of your own!
For the letters shown in the top picture, I started with the wooden letters below that I picked up from Michaels.
For the letters shown in the second picture, I started with the wooden letters below that I picked up from Michaels. The only difference is the J which I picked to look like a candy cane.
1. Wrap the top of the J with white yarn. Use hot glue to help hold the yarn in place as you wrap. It may even help to cut small strips to fill in areas that are missed by wrapping.
2. Wrap the rest of the J in the red yarn.
1. Use a pencil to draw candy cane stripes on the J.
2. Alternate wrapping the stripes with the white and red yarn. Use hot glue to help keep the yarn in place. It may even help to cut small strips to fill in areas that are missed by wrapping.
1. Wrap the O with the green yarn. You may need to use hot glue to help keep the yarn in place in certain areas. It may even help to cut small strips to fill in areas that are missed by wrapping.
2. In order to make the bow, cut three rectangular strips from red felt like shown in the picture below.
3. Hot glue the ends

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.342327
Retrieved Text: Let our expert, Tom Wright, show you how to blow glass Christmas ornaments. He shows you how to make a traditional ball ornament, a candy cane ornament, and a icicle ornament. So, take some time, and learn how to blow glass Christmas ornaments today!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.175064
Retrieved Text: This week The Girlio has been coloring and painting some white chipboard rockets we got at Michaels. They come 12 to a pack, so plenty to play with!
She also has been making more donuts lately-we even made a smaller version (to use up some scraps.) And, a construction paper rainbow was made. Lots of fun crafting going on here!
If you have made it here for the blog hop, you are in the right place! If you get lost, or would like to hop from the beginning go here.
The challenge for this blog hop was to do something creative with flowers.
I decided to make a card. My flower was created using alternating circles made from an old white t-shirt and patterned paper with a rubon in the center.
Here is another shot from the other side so that you can see the rubon in the center better.
Well, hope you enjoyed my project, and continue the hop on to Laurie’s blog!
Tic Tac Toe Challenge at The Paper Variety!
Instructions: I trimmed the white flower out of a piece of patterned paper, poked holes with a needle, and stitched between the points. I trimmed the middle flower out of another piece, attached the two flowers together, and then folded a third piece of paper in half, adhered it to the first two flowers, and trimmed around them to create the card.
This is a very fun challenge (so many great options!), and I encourage you to play along! You can check out all the details here.
Did I mention there is an amazing

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.885635
Retrieved Text: For my husband's holiday work lunch, I made Ornament Balls out of rice cereal treats (see my Rice Cereal Treats post for the recipe). Some of them were covered in cookie icing, while others simply had decorating icing and sprinkles. The tops are mini-candy canes stuck through a mini marshmallow to form the ornament hook. You could also use string licorice to create the hook.
Icing. I used cookie icing. Be warned that the blue icing will turn your lips and tongue blue!
1. Stick mini candy canes through middle of the mini marshmallows. (DM Alternative: Fold string licorice in half and stick ends through mini marshmallows. Set aside.
2. Make rice cereal treats.
3. Grease a measuring cup and scoop out a 1/2 cup of cereal mix. Shape into a ball around the end of the candy cane and set aside to cool.
*DM Tip: Read the back of the icing and make sure the icing will set hard enough to stack cookies. This may take a few hours, depending on the icing.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.71075
Retrieved Text: Christmas is one of our family's favorite holidays. With all the shopping, parties, and just plain running around that goes along with this holiday, we like to try to set aside some quality time with each other and our daughter to make some Christmas crafts. Sometimes the crafts are gifts, sometimes decorations, and sometimes they are just a fun way to spend an afternoon! We've tried to include crafts here that are appropriate for a variety of ages and skill levels. All of these Christmas themed crafts were made in our own home so we know that they are fun and child-friendly.
Children love creating art from their own hand prints. This craft brings a famous holiday character to life with your child's hand and a little paint.
Santa Claus is coming to town! And with him, he brings his sleigh full of toys. . . or candy. . . or whatever you want to put in it! This is a fun craft for any age.
Don't forget about baby Jesus! Christmas isn't just about Santa Claus and candy canes, it's Jesus' birthday. This craft is so cute to make and you can hum the song "Away in a Manger".
Make a traditional or a brightly colored Christmas tree out of yarn and Styrofoam! This craft is fun for any age and is adorable to sit around the house!
This is not your average reindeer. Put a little spin on the old, traditional red and green Christmas reindeer and use patterned and colored scrapbook paper! (You can make it however you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.59734
Retrieved Text: Once used to clear the grit out of tobacco pipes, the fuzzy, colorful, bendy pipe cleaner has become ubiquitous in the craft world, particularly in kids’ crafting. They are especially friendly for beginning artists, because pipe cleaners are pliable (and re-pliable) and often don’t require any glue to build with. Get started with a few of the fun and accessible ideas below, then set the kids free with a bundle of rainbow pipe cleaners for an afternoon of making.
There's nothing like fresh-cut flowers to brighten a room, but the longevity of faux blooms can't be beat. Take an artistic approach to synthetic flowers, and craft them out of pipe cleaners. These potted bouquets look lovely on the kitchen window sill or welcoming guests on the patio.
Master the art of the pipe cleaner curlicue with this sweet craft. You’ll need six chenille pipe cleaners for petals, plus an extra for the stem. Create a few in a variety of colors for all seasons and occasions!
These posbale figurines are just as fun to play with as they are to make. Just a couple of swirls of pipe cleaner and foam cutouts make the perfect fairytale dragons. Attach a few to a re-configured wire hanger to create an easy mobile for an enchanted baby's room.
Combine decorative paper, folded accordion style, with a tightly wrapped pipe cleaner to make a colorful butterfly. Perfect for an inexpensive craft for a group, a flutter of these butterflies can liven up any room.
Perfect for Halloween, or just craft time, these spindly, skinny spiders

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.59462
Retrieved Text: Each year since Baker was born we've made handmade ornaments to gift our family and friends for Christmas! We always incorporate his handprint, footprint, or fingerprints in some way. Some years we've made salt dough and some years we've made fun paper crafts.
Salt dough christmas ornaments More. Find this Pin and more on Pottery ideas by Lauren Fialkow. Winter Ornament Tutorial - I also like the idea of salt dough. Find and save ideas about Salt dough christmas ornaments on Pinterest. | See more ideas about Salt dough christmas decorations, Cinnamon salt dough ornaments recipe and Cinnamon salt dough. Lauren's Closet: Salt Dough Christmas Ornament Tutorial. This Valentines Day decoration is a salt dough ornament which says I Love you to to the Moon and Back.
Lauren's Closet: Salt Dough Christmas Ornament Tutorial wish i read this tutorial before I made some last night! Ver mais Bijuterias Gesso Brancos Ideias Criativas Pingentes Origami Coração Coisas Boas Decoração Jardim Ideias Para Natal Heart Felt Ornaments Tutorial. is a candy cane shaped salt dough ornament. Reply; 0. in my closet is going to get a lot of Christmas things added.
Oct 21, 2017. Christmas! This salt dough recipe can make all kinds of salt dough ornaments! Laurens closet salt dough christmas ornament tutorial. Switch it up to personalize it or make it just like the tutorial! Lauren's Closet: Salt Dough Christmas Ornament Tutorial Setting up a fun station of pony beads and salt dough shapes.
. Lauren's Closet: Salt Dough Christmas Ornament Tutorial wish i read this tutorial before. salt dough

================



======= Instance Index 93 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How can I raise and lower a picavet with a camera attached so it can be flown with a kite?

Choice 1: You would implement a pulley system with wheels and strong string.

Choice 2: You would implement a pulley system with carabiners and strong string.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 59.33755
Retrieved Text: Above: Public Lab's MakerBot 3D printer in Vermont has been busy.
At SNOWFEST I introduced some designs for 3D printed camera rigs for kite and balloon photography. I have been designing these using Sketchup and printing prototypes on one of Public Lab’s MakerBot Replicators. Designs for both single and dual camera rigs are almost ready for release, but both need some final tweaking. I got some good feedback about design modifications from the SNOWFEST crowd.
The Redstone Rig, a single camera rig with a Canon S95. The rig is configured for vertical shooting with full bumpers and with a pendulum suspension. This is an ideal configuration for balloon mapping because 1) the pendulum holds the camera away from the balloon line, 2) the bumpers will not hook the line if the rig swings over to it, and 3) the pendulum prevents spinning of the rig.
These rigs are intended to be upgrades to the soda bottle rigs that Jeff and Mathew have developed. They lack the soda bottle rig’s most endearing feature -- they are not made from free recycled material -- but they add some important functionality which should produce higher quality results for many people. They are not motorized or remotely controllable, but allow better aerial stability and more camera control and protection.
The Redstone Rig, a single camera rig with a Canon A630. The rig is configured for oblique shooting with half of the middle bumper removed and with a Picavet suspension. The Picavet can be locked into eight different positions to aim the camera radially, and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 59.20203
Retrieved Text: Chris Fastie designs and builds camera rigs for kite, balloon, and pole aerial photography. The rigs include parts which are manufactured on a 3D printer and are available as kits which can be assembled in a few hours. All of the designs are open source and all the information needed to build your own rigs is freely available through the KAPtery. The most up to date model files for 3D printing rig parts are at Thingiverse. Kits to build these rigs are available for purchase at the Public Lab Store and the KAPtery.
The Redstone Rig Kit includes all the parts to build a rig for holding a small point & shoot camera pointed at any angle. The kit includes four 3D printed parts and the hardware to hold them together. The articulated camera tray allows vertical shooting for mapping and also oblique photography, and the rig is balanced in either position. The camera is attached with a thumb screw into the tripod socket so it stays securely pointed in the same direction. The camera controls and LCD screen are always accessible. Protective legs and bumpers can be quickly configured in various ways for different needs. The rig can be easily suspended from the flying line using either a Picavet or pendulum system and requires one or the other for optimal operation. Some Public Lab research notes refer to the Redstone Rig.
The Aerobee Rig has an adjustable aluminum frame and can accommodate a wider range of camera sizes than the Redstone Rig. The camera can be securely

########
Rank: 2
Score: 58.00665
Retrieved Text: So you want to to take Aerial Pictures with your Old Smartphone?
You can do it for a few $'s and I am going to tell you how to do it.
You will also need a Kite, I suggest a Delta Kite and a Smartphone.
I used an old Iphone, and YES the phone is at HIGH RISK of being lost.
First you need a small crate [ I found mine at staples ] and a few more smaller parts.
You need 4 screw in eye-screws, a small washer and a flat piece of rubber.
I took a small tripod apart to get the swivel head so I could point the camera where I want it to look at.
Lastly you need some kind of holder for the phone, I used a Kugl holder for the older Iphone.
We are going to start the pendulum device that stabilize the camera is called a Picavet.
Cut the bottom of the crate down, and screw in the screw-eye's and drill a hole in the middle to attach the Smartphone holder.
The Phone is held underneath the rectangular plastic crate base.
See picture for the configuration.
The Picavet consists of a pendulum that is attached to the kite rope at two points.
The thread pattern of the Picavet is from Brooxes.com, and is pictured for your use.
Make sure you add at least one twist to the kite line as you clip the D-Ring onto the Kite Line, or it won't stay where you put it on the line.
You will use an app to fire the smartphone camera, and I will give you

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.465733
Retrieved Text: Choosing a kite for aerial photography requires some experience. Newcomers are probably best advised to seek guidance from local enthusiasts or relevant websites. Selection inevitably depends upon specific objectives and what equipment has to be lifted. Lifting capacity, wind strength and stability are key considerations.
Soft kites - those consisting of fabric only.
Larger rigid-framed kites of up to about 30 - 35 square feet are generally used in light winds (perhaps up to about ten or fifteen miles per hour), and smaller rigid kites for higher wind speeds. Soft kites of various sizes are usually preferred for stronger winds (up to about 25 miles per hour). In very strong winds, controlling a kite may be difficult and even dangerous.
Framed kites require some degree of setup on site, but the better designs are relatively simple to handle. Some will also fly at a higher angle than soft kites such as parafoils. They are composed of rigid or semi-rigid rods of fibreglass or graphite which hold the fabric covering in the required aerodynamic form. Rigid-framed kites have a somewhat higher ratio of weight to surface area than soft kites but perform better in light airs not least because their form is not dependent upon wind pressure.
The parafoil, normally a near-square wind-inflated arrangement of aerofoil sections, is an extremely powerful lifter. Indeed it has been used for industrial purposes in various parts of the world for precisely this reason. Once set up correctly, a reasonably large parafoil can prove very stable although the lifting capability and tether load should never

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.56716
Retrieved Text: Aerial photography describes any method of taking photos from the sky. Depending on the circumstances, aerial photography may employ planes, balloons, remote-controlled toy planes, rockets or helicopters to take pictures. For example, kite aerial photography, in which a camera is attached to a large kite, is a popular hobby.
The first use of aerial photography was recorded in 1858, when French balloonist Nadar took photos from hot air balloons. However, with the outbreak of WWI, aerial photography played an integral part as a method of gathering information in military operations.
to study the environment and land use.
For industrial or military applications of aerial photography, photos are taken from helicopters, airplanes, drones (unmanned remote-controlled planes) and satellites.
However, in some circumstances, smaller pieces of equipment are adequate methods of taking aerial photography shots. Real estate advertising tends to use remote-controlled model planes to take pictures of property from the air, as regular planes are not allowed to fly low over residential neighborhoods.
The paparazzi also have taken advantage of aerial photography. Because anything or anyone that can be seen from a public place (including airborne locations) is deemed to be public (even if it occurs on private property), the paparazzi have taken advantage of this legal loophole and use small pieces of equipment to capture intimate celebrity photos.
Although digital aerial photography has not replaced film aerial photography, digital cameras have become increasingly popular, because they are easier to manipulate than traditional film. In fact, digital aerial photography photos can be quickly enlarged using editing software to show more detail.
Increasingly, small (and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.162315
Retrieved Text: I was hoping for a few nice oblique shots that showed the kame terraces from a new angle and maybe showed how vegetation was responding to geomorphology. So I blindly twiddled the joysticks and imagined that the camera was pointing everywhere it had to. The rig never stayed in the same place long enough to make a complete rotation even at one tilt angle, so I did not expect to be able to stitch more than 5 to 10 photos into a little panorama.
When the wind speed dropped quickly through 8 mph, I had to reel things in. Below 200 feet, the wind had lost its verve, and the descent accelerated quicker than I could handle gracefully. I ran down the hill to pull everything back over the field and the rig landed softly, but two hundred feet away. To save it from getting dragged by the kite I rushed up the hill. In the rush, the trim control of the pan joystick moved causing the Picavet cross to start spinning slowly which caused the Picavet line, kite line, and some goldenrod stems to get wound up. By the time I got there it was jammed solid and the servo motor was screeching. I didn’t even know what the sound was at first, but managed to switch it off before it burned out. Then I noticed that the kite was showing some independence and making a landing all by itself, and not in the field. Line came in hand over fist as fast as I could

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.291477
Retrieved Text: ALL ITEMS ON THIS PAGE WILL BE SHIPPED TO NORTH AMERICA ONLY!
1. Please furnish a telephone number on checkout.
to add a U$10.00 handling fee to offset additional costs for international shipping.
Camera and gentLED-Auto not included.
They don't get any simpler than this!
Brooxes Simplex is just a lightweight manually-aimed camera frame and Picavet suspension system, intended to carry a compact point-&-shoot camera. Use it with a camera that has its own built-in intervalometer, such as the GoPro Hero, or with a CHDK-converted Canon. It can also be used with an infrared-triggerable camera with James Gentles' gentLED-Auto shown here.
For smoothest operation, add PeKaBe blocks.
Weight without camera or accessories 5 oz (142 g).
Picavet Cross and line, KAP-Klips™, and hardware.
The HoBEAK will accommodate any of the infrared-triggerable cameras listed above right.
«I just received my order today, much earlier than I expected. I just wanted to write back and compliment you on wonderful prompt customers service, and I got [a] refund for overcharged shipping.
Brooxes Electric AutoKAP Kit, in any of its variations, provides an easy way to get a camera in the air quickly, and add a bit of control. It's easy to build, and easy to fly with moderate-sized kites. AutoKAP means it doesn't need radio — it takes pictures automatically while you relax and fly the kite.
The secret to KAP success with an automatic rig is to shoot lots of pictures. Memory cards are getting cheaper every day. With a 1GB or larger card, it's possible to shoot hundreds of images in a few minutes, from which you can pick

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.90983
Retrieved Text: I've built a series of three Fled Kites out of Tyvek housewrap and bamboo. The most recent I built to the full Fled scale, 209cm across, and it rocks. I've been able to lift a kite in a steady breeze measured at 3-5mph on the ground, and as long as the wind on the ground doesn't drop much below 5mph (I can't quite tell, as my anemometer doesn't go any lower than 4), it will stay in the air lifting a cannon Elph SD600 (250g). I've flown it in gusts up to 15mph on the ground and it just sits steadily in a constant point in the sky.
My previous 160cm Fled was destroyed in winds measuring 25-35mph at ground level. Gusts would occasionally cause it to do loops, which I think was owing to its lightweight 1/2 pole of thin, 1cm bamboo for the bow (more in construction notes). The bow eventually broke through the spar pocket and the kite spiralled into a tree, where it probably still is.
Wing load is the weight of a kite distributed over its area, expressed in grams per square meter. my 209cm Tyvek Fled is 2.2 square meters and 790g, giving it a wing load of 359g/sq m, or 473g/ sq m with a camera attached. According to this chart from Dan Kurahashi's Japanese Kites and Construction, My kite shouldn't be able to fly in anything less than 5.4mph, and lift a camera in less than 6. The ~1mph difference between these figures and my field experience can be accounted

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.76056
Retrieved Text: International Kite Festival of Ahmedabad, Gujarat is celebrated every year on January 14. The most-awaited Indian festivals attracts a large number of people from all over the world. The 9-day festival kicked off on the day of Makar Sankranti with much enthusiasm and of course with big, beautiful and unique kites were observed in North India or Uttarayan Gujarat.
Ahmedabad is the only city which hosts the International Kite Festival, the occasion is especially celebrated with great zeal in the cities of Vadodara, Surat, Rajkot and Nadiad and also in other states like Jaipur, Udaipur, and Jodhpur etc.
The royal kings and Nawabs found it highly entertainingLooking upon the history of International Kite Festival, Ahmedabad has been hosting this international kite festival since 1989.
Kite flying was a hobby which now has have been developed over the period of time in India. The royal kings and Nawabs found it highly entertaining and it was taken over as a major sport by them. The liking among the people grew for kite flying, and with time, it became a serious game. People are now making many different types of kites with special strings to compete viciously.
According to some sources, the art of kite flying was introduced by Muslim traders who arrived from Persia. Also, Chinese traders and pilgrims brought in the tradition from Tibet. However, it seems that the practice already existed in India much before.
According to the Hindu calendar, Makar Sankranti marks the arrival of spring and a day before Makar Sankranti is Lohri, the Punjabi harvest festival.. On this

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.83332
Retrieved Text: Sunset last night at Bombay Beach over the Salton Sea. The little tiny black speck over the water, lower left of center is actually a kite being flown by the two people below it. Check out the really tight crop below the photograph. With my Hasselblad digital camera.
This entry was posted on April 3, 2017 by Ian L. Sitren. It was filed under Uncategorized and was tagged with Bombay Beach, Hasselblad, kite flying, Salton Sea, sunset.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.756668
Retrieved Text: What can I say I love sun oak kite, and like to see more of it. Please post pictures of your sun oak kites.
I'm doing it because I love it.
That black one is gorgeous!
Nice job on the tails, zero1199. Hope to see them in person sometime soon.
Did you get the Rok in the air? Need to see some pix of that too . . .
I love the black one to.
I love it too, it's a 13' with 75ft tail, yes I had it up today.
Was the black conyne a custom build?
We had custom colored ones made up all of the time......there are some neat patterns!
Wish i had used the digital camera as much then as i do now!
I am pretty sure it was a custom. I got the kite from an estate and there were quite a few custom Sun Oaks in the collection, and some of them unflown. Zero1199 got it and has done a really nice job with the tails.
That would be me, and I have flown it once - let's see if I can get a picture up. It had a tendency to heel over to the left, and I didn't have time to do any tuning.
Incidentally, how does one pronounce "Conyne"?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.92681
Retrieved Text: Any review about kite and how good is in fighter kite world?
Can You send me link , photo or name of competition fighter kite-to see how competition fighters look.
Any tips about difference in construction between ordinary and competition fighter?
Under the "Buy/Sell," section of the NAFK web page, there is a link to some mylar, "Fusion," kites available. These are designed by Bruce Lambert. Great kites and the multi packs with line/winders are a great way to get started in North American style fighter kites.
The Hoopty is a solid flier. Not top-level competition, but good enough to win some local competitions in good hands. My main beef with it (if you don't mind paying ~$45 for a fighter) is that the spine-bend mechanism Jeff used started slipping after a year or three, and I couldn't figure out how to get it to "stick". Thin clear plastic tubing sliding over a micro-CF rod. I also made an Icarex fighter from an online plan for a Barillocco (spelling?) that was very close to a Hoopty clone and flew very nicely.
The Fusion fighters fly well, though they do vary from kite to kite. My fave "disposable" fighter kites are Yoni's Indonesians -- I bought 200 from him a few years ago and I'm just starting to wonder if I have enough left. (Yes, I sold a bunch!) My fave "durable" fighter kites are Gumby's two designs, the Gumby and the EZ. Bruce's various almost-square designs are also great places to start building fighters. I still love the BASF ("Bruce's Almost

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.84645
Retrieved Text: There is a new world's largest kite (WLK for short), flown in public for the first time at Berck sur mer (France) on the 17th April. Built by Peter Lynn Kites Ltd for the Al Farsi kite team from Kuwait, it's a sort of an own-goal in that they (both of them) will be taking the record from themselves- the Al Farsi's 1019sq.m Kuwait flag kite (also built by Peter Lynn Kites Ltd) is the existing Guinness record holder. This new one's a Ray- after the style of the original Mega Ray (which is now owned and campaigned by German kite personality Lutz Treczok)- but it's twice as big at 1250sq.m (65m wingspan).
Tan Xinbo- the WLK about to leave for New Zealand.
The WLK Leaving China, Group Photo, January 2011.
The WLK First Flight 2011.
In the most important respect, Ray's are an ideal shape for very large kites because almost all their area is 'lifting surface' (which is how qualifying area is calculated). Tails and other appendages don't count.
But they're also aerodynamically efficient, which makes for some difficulties. Large kites need to be docile fliers and have as little pull as possible. Zooming all over the sky like a high performance traction kite at four times wind speed developing 16 times static pull is not desirable- not least because no available mega-kite mobile anchor ( we usually use a 12 tonne loader) could conceivably hold.
This apparent wind effect can be contained to some extent by flying on a very short line- basically off the bridles (about 80m)- when

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.776546
Retrieved Text: Posted: July 29, 2018. • Expires: July 29, 2019.
The most comfortable set of pads I ever owned! Haven't been used in a long time since I don't ride a TT anymore. Not really sure what year these are from. Very good condition. Ready to ship.
Posted: July 27, 2018. • Expires: July 27, 2019.
2017 NV for sale 10.5 metre in very good condition, kite would have had maybe 5 uses at the most, canopy is still crispy with no repairs Grab yourself a practically brand new kite without paying full retail pricing!
This is not a used kite. This is a brand new 2013 XR 2 kite still in factory packaging I won it in a raffle but don't need it. I've ridden/tested this model and it's a sweet kite: https://www.thekiteboarder.com/2013/01/tkb-review-2013-core-gts2-and-riot-xr2/ It's almost as good as the new model(which I've also tested) which costs more than twice as much. I'll take care of 2day shipping (and tax :). There's a bar too, $300 - also never used, new.
Posted: July 26, 2018. • Expires: July 26, 2019.
Kite is in very good condition, no repairs, no leaks, canopy is shiny and crispy, shows only minor signs of ware and hard to see discoloration on the canopy- see detail photo. It is a 4-line kite and it has one pump inflation system. Kite has been sitting in its bag for most of it's life, rarely flown. Includes bag. Also selling Ocean rodeo bar in very good condition for $150. Local pick up or buyer pays shipping.
Posted: July 23, 2018. • Expires:

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.558315
Retrieved Text: David Billings and I went to Glinks Gully on Easter Sunday.
It was like Queen street on a Friday night, kites everywhere, and not many beach manners being adhered to.
For example, my Nighthawk Kite was out about 1000 metres and some drongo who had a funny shaped kite which was not tackable set his rig on a hell of an angle which would have crossed my gear even though he was well away from me.
I had to stop fishing and pull in my gear.
Anyway, the end result between us was 1 kahawai, 1 gurnard and 9 snapper up to 1.5kg. It was an incoming tide of around 3.5 metres, the winds were northeasterly and variable between 8 and 15 knots.
On another note, I tried to check out the Forest & Bird submission site for proposals and my computer froze up.
I couldn't get to the site and I couldn't click off! I wonder if it's my computer or it's been done on purpose?
File Photo : Paul and Peggy Barnes with three fish from five hooks taken on a flexiwing kite rig at Pakiri Beach. John dory are a frequent surprise here.
We are receiving a lot of calls from people wanting to know when the line haulers will be available so I thought I would let you all know the status of them.
We have beach tested two prototypes, made quite a few adjustments and improvements to the design and now have an engineering company making a mould for us.
Unfortunately the engineering company had a break down on their machinery

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.4348
Retrieved Text: The thing with kitesurfing videos is that they let you dream a bit, escape from your everyday life. Imagining for just a few minutes, what it would be like to do nothing but live life in boardshorts or a bikini and just kite.
It´s a fantasy that seemingly you only get to live either as a teenager/20 something year old, flush with cash from mommy and daddy Bank Inc. or once you are retired, too old to pull those tricks and jumps you were dreaming about while sitting behind you desk.
Not the kind of wind turbines you think though but yes, we are talking real kite-power in order to create electricity. One of the world’s first non-experimental, kite-driven power stations will be established offshore in Southern Scotland, at the Ministry of Defence’s West Freugh Range near Stranraer. UK company Kite Power Solutions plans to install a 500 kilowatt system that it expects will generate ‘several hundred megawatts’ of energy by 2025, Independent reports.
The very smart solution works like a combination of para-glider and wind turbine, all in one. When there is plenty of wind, the kites which are hooked up in tandem and fly computer controlled patterns, pull on their mooring which turns a winch that in turn creates electricity. Two kites alternately rising and falling ensures continuous power and when there is not enough wind, a small motor on each kite keeps them afloat, similar to a motorized paraglider.
A single 40-meter-wide kite generates two to three megawatts of electricity and a field of roughly 1,000 kites

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.367943
Retrieved Text: A kite is an effective device that flies on a tether (or line) in the wind. Some kits can only fly in heavy breeze, but others can be flown in light breeze, or even indoors by simply walking or running whilst holding the line. The minimum wind speed in which the kite can fly is dependent on how light it is and how large its surface area is. If a kite is made to be too light, then it may be too fragile and will break-up in a breeze.
The longest kite in the world is 1034 metres (3394 ft).
The largest kite in the world is the Megabite 55 x 22 metres (630sq metres).
The record for the highest single kite flown is 3801 metres (12,471ft).
Activity: Choose one of the designs below to create your own kite and see how high you can fly your kite! Make sure you have all of the equipment needed. Happy flying!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.185043
Retrieved Text: Back in third edition, they had a few somewhat “controversial” books. One such book was Libris Mortiis, the Book of Undead. This book was full of all sorts of creepy, crawly, body-horrory type spells, monsters, and special options for 3rd. Seeing as how Fifth is a little more “public-friendly” than previous editions, I doubt such great books as this or even (dare I say it) the Book of Vile Darkness will get remade.
Anyways, as I was putting together the first adventure for The Secret of Forsaken Peak, I was thinking that I needed some whacky encounters in the goblin mine. I know I didn’t just want it to be all goblins (after all, it’s a 5th-level adventure, so it needed some beef).
Thus, here is the first of the bunch: the skin kite.
What is a skin kite?
A knot of flaccidly flapping membranes kites through the air, now drifting with the currents, now stooping swiftly through the air toward you.
Skin kites are undead creatures made up of the stolen skin of past victims. They feed on the skin of living beings, replenishing their own constantly rotting skin, as well as using new skin as spawning material for new skin kites.
No two skin kites appear the same. They display a range of different colors, depending on the creatures from which they were harvested. Many skin kites have rotting clumps of hair or fur, unintended additional trophies from past victims. A skin kite has no body, only a wingspan, which is about 5 feet. It weighs about 5 pounds.
Undead Nature.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.949253
Retrieved Text: When we first heard about kite aerial photography (KAP), we thought the concept was science fiction. But the truth is, with a bit of effort almost anyone can fly a camera ( Figure 1 ) and rig it to take images from the sky ( Figure 2 ). You'll need a kite large enough to lift your camera, a bracket to hold the camera on the kite while allowing it to pivot and stay level, and a system for remotely releasing the shutternormally either the remote system from a model airplane or a standard wireless camera-triggering mechanism. You can also use the servos from a remote-control kit to aim the camera once it is in the air.
A basic KAP rig for a point-and-shoot camera can be built for as little as $400. Rigs that can support larger cameras or add wireless video for helping compose your images can cost considerably more. There aren't any off-the-shelf solutions large enough to support digital cameras, so you'll need to do some work yourself, but you can find plenty of background information and instructions at http://arch.ced.berkeley.edu/kap/kaptoc.html and lots of helpful advice in the rec.kites newsgroup. In particular, you'll want to make sure you use an extra-long tail for stability and practice your takeoff and landing techniques with a bean bag before risking your digital camera in the air.
Santa Cruz sports photographer Pete Burnight took the attached beach volleyball photo with a Nikon Coolpix from a rig he builtsimilar to Chris Benton's rig, which is pictured here.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.722496
Retrieved Text: Promotional kites are an ancient business, basically as old as the business of manufacturing inexpensive kites as toys for kids. I've seen promotional diamond kites from Wilder Mfg. and Alox Mfg. that date back to the Depression, and I suspect that Hi-Flier was making them back then as well. By the 1950s, promo kites were a huge business for Hi-Flier, and I had many of them when I was growing up in the 1960s. (The one I remember best came from Cundiff's Sinclair over at Harlem and Higgins in Chicago.) Promo kites mostly vanished with the American manufacturers around 1990. What promo kites I've seen since then have come (like most inexpensive toys) from China.
I pick up or send away for promo kites any time I can, to see what sorts of things are being passed off as kites these days. It's no wonder that kite flying among kids has gone into eclipse: Plastic promo kites are almost always lousy kites, probably designed by people who have never flown a kite and may never have actually seen one except in photographs.
Back in the spring of 1987, during the few weeks that I spent moving from Baltimore to Scotts Valley, California to work at Borland, I was handed a bagged plastic kite by my 4-year-old nephew Brian, who asked me to put it together and fly it with him. His mother had sent away a couple of proof-of-purchase seals (which I still call "boxtops") from frozen vegetables, and they had received the kite from the Green Giant

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.547215
Retrieved Text: The guy flying the 3 kites is in his 80s, and he's from Canada . He comes to the Washington State International Kite Festival every year. His skin is like leather as he normally flies with his shirt off. He is deaf, so when he flies we hold our hands up and wave them for applause. He flies 2 with his hands and the 3rd one is attached to his waist. Enjoy!
Ray has flown at the Grand Haven festival. He flew all day long, which is a lot of exercise with three kites. It builds up your arms and your hip-waggling muscles.
He's not the only guy that does this, there's a guy on the west coast who's name I forget, and another Canadian, Jean Lamire, who you can often see at one of the Milwaukee kite festivals. But Ray travels the world and is certainly the best known.
Ray always flys to the same song when he performs. Since he can't hear it anymore, he has someone slap him on the back when the music starts and he starts his performance based on his memory of the song.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.43186
Retrieved Text: It starts with a camera hanging from a kite line. Specifically, the camera is mounted to a cradle that hangs from the kite line. First the kite line is sent up approximately 100 feet. The cradle is then attached to the kite line and turned on which allows the camera to capture images. Depending on the wind, the kite is released as far as it can go. If the spool is completely empty of line this gets the camera up about 250 feet. The capturing of images continues until the camera and kite are brought back down to earth.
Camera and cradle about to go aloft in Dania Beach, Florida.
A view down along the kite line showing Steve at Soda Lake, California.
Launching the kite and camera from the city pier in Imperial Beach, California.
Not all of my work is framed, there are also now unframed possibilities for my artwork.
The process for creating the unframed version is exactly the same as described above...minus the frame. These are designed to float approximately 3/4" away from the wall.
Surf #3 Diptych - 30"x50"

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.28322
Retrieved Text: I have been very interested in FPV flight for a while now, but my primary focus has been on multirotors. I have made two FPV multirotors (a 250 quadcopter, and a 250 tricopter), and I have spent hundreds of hours researching and tinkering and flying them. I’ve even made an app to help track flights. One of the next steps for me was to start trying FPV flight with fixed wing. So, like any good hobbyist, I bought myself the AXN Floater Jet from hobby king, based on Bruce from RC Model Reviews‘s suggestions. I learned to fly LOS on this plane, and then later took it to the next step of flying it via FPV.
The Whole Assembly after the FPV maiden.
A shot of the inside. Yes, it’s messy.
With 2200 3S batteries, I can fly for around 15 minutes of throttle time, but my flights can last upwards of 25 minutes, landing ~3.7v per cell. I am, of course, gliding around primarily, so this could be shortened with harder flying.
Yes, my plane is pretty beat up. It’s my first ever radio controlled plane.
The above video is flown with the Xiaomi Yi attached, and it had some balance issues with the camera attached. Below are two where the plane was a little bit better tuned, but flown via LOS.
Finally, never been totally happy with the flight characteristics of this plane. I’m thinking of trying all of this on a flying wing like a Bonsai from hobby king or something like that since it would be a little

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.24158
Retrieved Text: In third person mode, I wanted to be able to raise and lower the camera with mouse wheel. This script attached to the camera makes that happen.
* Attach to a camera. Adds using mouse scroll wheel to raise/lower camera.
public float maxHeight = 10f; // No higher than this.
public float minHeight = 1f; // No closer than this.
public float direction = 40f; // Angle to raise: <0 = ahead, >0 = behind.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.186447
Retrieved Text: RockNRoll Kites are similar to FlagKites in that they are a component kite system, frame separate from the sail, they open and close like an umbrella, and the sail is easily removed and changed. In addition they can be flown dual line, like a stunt kite, allowing simple tricks to be performed, with a bridle set that is sold separately. RockNRoll Kites are also designed to be used as compact umbrellas, with a handle that is incorporated into the kingpost. They are the only kites in the world that are also umbrellas, and the sail component is easily changed.
We designed RockNRoll Kites to predominantly utilize the 30”x40” fabric posters by Licensed Products Group International (www.lpgi.com), as the sail component of the kites. The fabric posters (sold separately) depict hundreds of popular bands, comic and movie characters, and popular artists, and fit the kite frames perfectly. This allows customizing RockNRoll Kites, and rocknroll umbrellas, like no other kites. One frame plus a number of fabric posters and you are “Rocking High in the Sky”!
The RockNRoll Kites can also be flown in a horizontal configuration, like the FlagKite, with a bridle sold separately, accommodating a number of LPGI fabric posters that are meant to be displayed horizontally. No tails are required in this configuration, but can be added for better flight.
RockNRoll Kites come complete, ready to fly, with a cool generic rocknroll design flag attached to the frame, two windsock tails (required to fly in vertical configuration), single line flight bridle, and 150’ fly line with handle.
Visit our

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.178905
Retrieved Text: "..I see everything that made me lying around in invisible pieces. When I look too hard, it goes away. And when it all goes quiet, I see they are right here. I see that I'm a little piece in a big, big universe. "
In November 2014, Citizen scientists converged on Cocodrie's Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium (LUMCON) to share ideas about tools and techniques for exploring spontaneous ideas of discovery.
Coming from the concrete jungle of obliterated New York City's Brooklyn estuary, I was curious to see what was happening to America's last great natural resource, the Mississippi delta wetlands, and how citizen generated exploration tools could help.
The digital mapping revolution of the Internet has revolutionized the complete stranger's access to local knowledge of landscape change. With a couple of clicks of a mouse, I had located a historical map showing wetland loss around the Cocodrie marsh system.
Purple on this 1987 US Army Corps of Engineers Map represents a half century of wetland marsh loss between 1932 and 1983.
A wonderful kite camera panorama by Chris Fastie shows not just the urbanization and landfilling from human settlement, but also gradual conversion of former marsh grass areas to mudflats.
I was particularly intrigued by the massive blobs of purple on the upper part of the map.
What could be causing such massive changes in the landscape ? How could I in the less than 48 hours I would be here find out more ?
Spontaneous research allows citizens to quickly explore hunches that may lead to meaningful questions and even significant policy findings.
How

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.121696
Retrieved Text: Home/Geometry/Let’s Go Fly a Kite!
Build Your Own Kite.pdf contains a printable version of the graphic above for classroom use.
How High is that Kite? can help start a discussion on flying kites.
Similar Kites asks students to find the measurements for a smaller and a larger kite.
In the video and photo from How High is that Kite? the kite’s string was completely unrolled so all 50 feet were in use.
The boy is 4 feet tall and holds the kite with his arms at 3 feet.
Dowels can be purchased at a craft store like Hobby Lobby or Michaels.
A gravity protractor can be used to find the angle of the kite as it is flying. I had my students make them prior to flying the kites. They reversed the measurements on their card to quickly be able to find the angle of elevation.
Various on-line retailers sell kite string. Don’t be surprised if your more competitive students bring massive amounts of string so theirs can be the highest. Also don’t be surprised that the students who cut corners or haven’t been taught to measure never get their kites off the ground.
The big rolls of paper most schools have for making posters work well for this activity. You can ask your students to come up with geometric design for their kite or you let them come up with their own designs. Prior approval of the design is recommended.
If you have your students build kites in groups to save on costs, consider allowing them to bring other kites from home on launch day.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.756054
Retrieved Text: The editors of KITE & friends magazine received many responses to my last article about the Eurocup. Here is the follow-up with more insightful information about flying sport kite competitions. I will try to cover the entire spectrum of competition flying and yet keep it as simple as possible.
It would be fair to tell you more about my competition background initially, so that you also know where my knowledge comes from. I am Stephen Versteegh, and I started competition flying in 1998. There were no competitions in the Netherlands, so I went to fly my first competitions in Germany. In order to fly competitions, you need to be a member of STACK, the competition organisation, and for me the easiest way in was to found STACK Benelux, with me as its first member. After I had established STACK Benelux, several kite fliers were willing to fly competitions in the Netherlands. So the next step was to organise a national championship. Than we decided to promote the sport by organising Eurocups in Scheveningen, 2004 and 2008. But after more than 15 years of Dutch competitions, the kite fliers decided they no longer liked flying competitions – and without competitors there is no competition. So we currently do not have any sport kite competitions in the Netherlands.
Why fly sportkite competitions? The most important reason should be fun. It is fun to practise flying to a musical routine and to push yourself and become better and better. Without this drive you will never improve and work towards a competition.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.751793
Retrieved Text: In case it’s interesting to anyone I generated simple graphs showing temperature change when sending a camera up in the air using the tags in the images.
These two are from a camera attached to my kite on different winter days. You can see how the temperature decreases about 1C every 100m of altitude and the camera then gets warmer again while lowering the kite back to the ground (up to about -4C), nothing surprising in there.
(I was curious what the minimum was the camera would operate in since Li-ion and Li-poly batteries are known to perform poorly in sub-zero temperatures, most of the time giving less than 3V. My Canon was showing “change batteries” all the time but then showed 65% again when warmed at home.) Well, here’s a gnuplot graph from a near-space balloon flight, unfortunately with much fewer data points, where you can see that a Canon G11 still works in under -20C.
I extracted these temperatures from the headers of the images taken by the seven Google Android branded high-altitude balloons at Greg Klein’s hibal.org page, launched in November reaching over 100000ft. There are only 15 pictures on that page and they possibly come from different balloons as the seven balloons were launched over a period of 2 hours. The page also mentions that the balloons had battery powered USB power supplies so that the cameras wouldn’t stop working in the cold of near-space, but that seems to be only for the GoPro ones and the phones, not the Canon G11 (the Canon models

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.670853
Retrieved Text: So, where were we..? aah..discussing the only thing comes really free these days, if you can find it..within thy self i.e. happiness. The immediate incident that sparked the urge to share this whole idea with you guys was this. I am still a student and like many of us, we are the re-incarnation of the Greek God Atlas born here in India. The burden of academic pressure in a country chock-a-block with huge population plus huge reservations caste viz is nothing less than an astronomical amount of mental pressure resting on your shoulders.
But this time I got carried away. I was just gifted a new kite, one of those kite – fest types with all the frills attached by my dad, who happened to travel for some work. I bought it with me, thinking it would make a great mural on my wall in my room, forget flying (which I have never done before, for some reason I am still searching for ) but that day, the I collected a bunch of friends, grabbed some food , my camera and the kite and headed to the hilltop near my place, ohh yes, conveniently forgetting the wrist watch at home  . then it was the wind, the sun and the my camera overlooking a whole town and the fun had just begun. What a delight to be kids again..!! ( I guess kids are often happier than us because for them, generally, ignorance equals bliss, unless it is slumdog millionaire life we are talking about.) we

================



======= Instance Index 897 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How can you legally get a free donut at Krispy Kreme?

Choice 1: On September 19th, you can get a free donut by stealing like a Pirate and stealing one.

Choice 2: On September 19th, you can get a free donut by talking like a Pirate and asking for one.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 59.15035
Retrieved Text: For generations, Krispy Kreme has been serving delicious doughnuts and coffee. Stop by for an Original Glazed doughnut or other variety paired with a hot or iced coffee. Jul 24, · Watch video · At Krispy Kreme, buy a dozen doughnuts, get a second dozen for $1 Friday, July Krispy Kreme is celebrating its 81st birthday by selling a dozen original glazed doughnuts for just $1 this. Krispy Kreme makes doughnuts, but I always use the other spelling!) Instead of a traditional birthday cake, I'm requesting a donut cake this year. Easy to make (just. This donut "cake" is a fun alternative to a traditional birthday cake! I love doughnuts, and I totally want this for my birthday! Krispy Kreme Donut Birthday Cake. Pin.
Jul 27, · In addition to the deal, Krispy Kreme is celebrating the occasion with the launch of an all-new donut that's essentially a birthday-inspired spin on its Original Glazed. The Krispy Kreme birthday freebie is one the best. You get a free doughnut of your choice (including specialty) AND a free small coffee or fountain drink. Krispy Kreme will also be offering a limited-edition vanilla birthday cake-flavored glazed confetti donut starting on July 27 and available through Aug. 2 while supplies last.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 58.58771
Retrieved Text: 2.1 “Krispy Kreme” the Donut Company.
“Krispy Kreme” the Donut Company.
Krispy Kreme is an American doughnut company and a coffeehouse chain. The Krispy Kreme American Donut Company was founded by Vernon Rudolph on July 13 in 1937. This company has its headquarters in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, United States. In the year 2016, the company returned to private ownership under JAB Beech. Later the company was named by Froggy Fresh. On February 24, 2015, the Krispy Kreme doughnut company opened its 1000th shop in Kansas City, Kansas.
Every company considers the valuable feedback from the customers. Just like them Krispy Kreme American Donut company also wants to hear from you. The Krispy Kreme Donut company conducting a survey to know about the feelings and experience they had with the restaurant. It will only take a few minutes to finish the survey. You have to answer all of the questions with a truthful mind.
The latest cash receipt of purchase with the survey ID from the Krispy Kreme Doughnut restaurant.
You must have a device such as a computer, laptop, smartphone or any other device in which you can access the internet.
A good rated internet connection.
A basic understanding in any of the language either English or Spanish to start the survey.
You must be 18 years old or older than 18 at the giving time of the survey.
You must have a functional email ID to receive the validation code or coupon code.
Remember you cannot use the validation code or the coupon code to redeem into cash or you cannot sell this code any

########
Rank: 2
Score: 58.258095
Retrieved Text: Krispy Kreme Halloween Free Donut!
Get your free Krispy Kreme donut on Halloween the easy way! Come on into the store on 10/31 and just wear your costume into the store and pick a yummy free donut!
And the fine print on the free Krispy Kreme Donut: No purchase necessary. Offer valid on 10/31/13 at participating US and Canadian Krispy Kreme shops and is subject to product availability (which may vary by market). Limit one free doughnut per guest per visit. Not Valid with any other offer. Not redeemable at grocery or convenience stores. Customer pays any sales tax. Void where prohibited.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 57.43041
Retrieved Text: Get Krispy Kreme coupons and coupon codes here.
Verified Krispy Kreme coupons and voucher 2018: up to 75% off. All discounts for Australia expire soon. Get codes for free in June and save money now!
Save money with the latest 2 free Krispy Kreme UAE promo codes ,discount code,coupon code,offers and deals in 2018.
Click to save big with 10 latest 2018 Krispy Kreme Donut coupon & promo codes. Check out the best krispy kreme donut coupons of January 2018 now.
Krispy Kreme Coupons: Now the availability of krispy kreme coupons discount coupons at on-line coupon directories is really a well-known factor and most of us are aware that these on-line coupon formats are meant for availing great reductions on acquiring very best good quality doughnuts from any one of the krispy kreme coupon firm outlets.
Want to save on your next purchase from Krispy Kreme? Then check out these coupons, promo codes and sales from Groupon Coupons!
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Coupon Codes 2018 Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Promo Code & Deal last updated on June 4, Discount off Krispy Kreme Coffee 12oz.
Click to get the deal. Krispy Kreme is offering their One Dozen of Any Krispy Kreme Donuts for $6.99. Deal ends 3/14/2017.
TechBargains has great deals, coupons and promo codes for Krispy Kreme.Today's best deal is 10% Seniors Discount 50+.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 55.76556
Retrieved Text: Krispy Kreme Listens is the guest survey from Krispy Kreme Doughnut. This coffeehouse chain is popular for serving doughnuts as well as coffee. You will be easy to find the product from this company. It is because you can purchase it not only in Krispy Kreme Stores. But, you will also find its outlets at Waymart, Target, and Shaw’s stores. Although Krispy Kreme is headquartered in North Carolina, you will also be able to find its chains in other countries. Nowadays, Krispy Kreme owns more than 1000 chains in the US and abroad.
Krispy Kreme realizes that its company has the big competitors. For instance, it has to compete with Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts. But, Krispy Kreme always tries to innovate and gives the best service for all the guests. Conducting Krispy Kreme Listens is one of the ways to maintain the customers’ trust and satisfaction. So, if you are the loyal guest of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, you have to spend five minutes to involve in this survey. Keep reviewing this article to find out the simple way to complete this survey.
What is Krispy Kreme Listens Survey Rules?
The duty of Krispy Kreme Survey participants is to find out the survey rules. Understanding the rules of Krispy Kreme Listens enables them to notice the requirements and eligibility for the survey. Besides, they will know every restriction of the survey. This way, they can prepare everything that can support them in the survey completion. Furthermore, they can know what to do and not supposed to do during the survey.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.150356
Retrieved Text: Krispy Kreme – Whether it’s powdered, filled or a hot Original Glazed®, stop in for a free doughnut from Krispy Kreme. In honor of National Doughnut Day, on Friday, June 3, stop in to any Krispy Kreme US or Canadian location for a FREE doughnut of any variety–including its world famous Original Glazed® doughnut. No purchase necessary. Excludes Connecticut.
Dunkin Donuts – Come celebrate National Donut Day with us! Get a FREE classic donut with the purchase of any beverage on Friday June 3rd, 2016!
There will be opportunities to support The Salvation Army’s service to struggling veterans in Richmond and Central VA by purchasing donuts in RVA on National Donut Day.
Duck Donuts Short Pump: On Friday, June 3, Duck Donuts Short Pump will give one free sugar donut to each patron and donate a portion of every donut sale to The Salvation Army Donuts of Hope Campaign. Duck will also be giving out a free sugar donut to patrons at their Willow Lawn store also but it’s just the Short Pump store supporting The Salvation Army.
Krispy Kreme: Will display mini-kettles near their checkout for patrons to drop their spare change. They will also give out a free doughnut to each patron.
Martin’s: All Martin’s stores will donate 25 cents of every donut sold Sunday, May 29 thru Saturday, June 4 to The Salvation Army Donuts of Hope campaign.
The Salvation Army’s Donuts of Hope campaign began in 2012 and is completely unique to Richmond. Through distribution of donuts on the front-lines of World War I, The Salvation Army endeared

########
Rank: 6
Score: 53.87011
Retrieved Text: KRISPY KREME: Offers 1 free donut for every "A" on your report card up to 6 A's (some had a limit of two), up through the sixth grade. A sweet reward for all that hard work! This only applies to Krispy Kreme stores - not Krispy Kreme displays you will find in convenience and grocery stores. Simply find the Krispy Kreme nearest you, and stop in with your report card.
FYI: I have gotten this incentive at the Hoover Krispy Kreme, but it has been a couple of years. You will want to call your Krispy Kreme to see if they are participating.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.397606
Retrieved Text: We made it, you guys. Election Day is almost here. And as a reward for your endurance through this pure-insanity election season, there are a ton of places where you can get free stuff if you’re wearing an “I Voted” sticker.
We’re not talking about free pamphlets or rinky-dink pens here, either. You can get free donuts — from Krispy Kreme, no less! — with that precious sticker. And there’s plenty more where that came from. Ah, the perks of democracy!
So tomorrow, on Election Day, go out and vote (while wearing a pantsuit, if your heart desires) and then take your stickered self out for a treat — because you really deserve it.
1. Get a free donut from Krispy Kreme.
Walk into Krispy Kreme rocking that “I Voted” sticker and one free donut of choice is all yours.
2. Work out for free at Gold’s Gym.
Work off your donut — or all that election-related stress — for free at Gold’s Gym after casting your ballot.
3. Get free guac at Tijuana Flats.
Starving after all that exercise? Get a free side order of guacamole, queso, or salsa from Tijuana Flats with your “I Voted” sticker.
4. Snag a free cookie from Great American Cookies.
With the tagline, “You chose your candidates, now choose a free cookie!” there’s no way you can pass up this deal.
5. Pick up a $5 “Conflicted Burger” from BurgerFi.
They’re usually about $8 or $9, so your “I Voted” sticker is getting you a pretty sweet discount.
6. Score a free drink at Firehouse Subs.
Not interested in a burger? Stop by

########
Rank: 8
Score: 53.066833
Retrieved Text: In celebration, Krispy Kreme is offering a free donut of any variety today at all participating stores including the new location in San Francisco in Fisherman’s Wharf. No purchase is necessary, but remember, it’s just one free doughnut per person.
We’ve called the SF Krispy Kreme and they confirmed they are participating for 2018. But make sure you call your local Krispy Kreme to ensure they are participating.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 53.018093
Retrieved Text: Pumpkin spice is as ubiquitous as election ads on TV these days -- it's in practically everything at Trader Joe's, in beer, on French fries, in Starbucks (obviously!), and in... White Russians? Sure! But unlike those election ads, this news is going to make you super happy: Krispy Kreme is going pumpkin spice on October 26th.
Krispy Kreme announced that they've never once changed the flavor of the Original Glazed donut they're so famous for -- until now. If you go to participating shops on October 26th (not every single Krispy Kreme in the country is doing this promotion, so check first), you'll get the opportunity to buy a Pumpkin Spice Original Glazed donut. But stock up, because it's the first time the recipe has changed in 79 years, and it's not sticking around.
If the donut isn't enough Krispy Kreme-based pumpkin spice for you, consider pairing it with its limited-edition pumpkin spice latte.
Lee Breslouer is a senior writer for Thrillist, and needs a donut in his life. Follow him to snacking: @LeeBreslouer.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 52.929165
Retrieved Text: As a special thank you to veterans, tomorrow, November 11th (Veteran’s Day), Krispy Kreme will be offering a free donut and small coffee to all Veterans at most Krispy Kreme locations.
No ID will be required, you just need to mention the deal. It is also available for any donut (not just the original glazed).

########
Rank: 11
Score: 52.927444
Retrieved Text: Krispy Kreme adds the new Nutter Butter Cookie Twist Donut and new Chips Ahoy Cookie Donut to join their donut selection. They've also brought back the Oreo Cookies and Kreme Donut.
The Nutter Butter Cookie Twist Donut features an Original Glazed Twist donut dipped in peanut butter icing and then topped with Nutter Butter cookie pieces and a peanut butter icing drizzle.
The Chips Ahoy Cookie Donut is an unglazed shell donut filled with cookie dough Kreme, dipped in dark chocolate, and then topped with Chips Ahoy cookie pieces and a mini Chips Ahoy cookie.
The Oreo Cookies and Kreme Donut consists of an unglazed shell donut filled with Oreo Cookies and Kreme filling, dipped in dark chocolate icing, and then topped with Oreo cookie pieces and a "white 'n glossy" drizzle.
You can find the cookie-themed trio for a limited time at participating Krispy Kreme locations nationwide.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 52.79703
Retrieved Text: While new products don't tend to launch this late into the holiday season, Krispy Kreme introduces two new donuts topped with an even layer of Nutella hazelnut spread at participating U.S. locations.
The Nutty Cocoa Ring Donut is a yeast ring donut dipped in Nutella hazelnut spread and topped with crunchy hazelnut pieces and a drizzle of chocolate icing.
While it isn't quite enjoying the same marketing push (maybe due to limited availability), Krispy Kreme has also introduced the new Chocolate Hazelnut Kreme Donut at participating locations. It's a a yeast donut filled with a chocolate hazelnut Kreme, dipped in Nutella and topped with candied hazelnut topping plus a drizzle of chocolate icing as well as white icing.
Although it's the first time a Krispy Kreme donut has featured Nutella here in the US, the donut chain regularly offers a Nutella-filled donut in the UK, where it was introduced earlier this year. They've also sold something similar over in Puerto Rico (a US territory) back in 2015 and continue to offer various donuts featuring Nutella there.
The price on both limited-time donuts may vary but go for $1.59 in my area.
You can find a list of participating locations that carry the donut on their website here.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 52.707626
Retrieved Text: Finding the right words to express exactly how you feel can be a challenge, especially when it comes to love. Fortunately, Krispy Kreme is here to help you both express yourself and treat your significant other this Valentine’s Day with the debut of brand new donuts.
On Thursday, the sugary dough ring purveyor announced it’s introducing Conversation Donuts for the romantic occasion. The donuts are seemingly meant to help fill the heart-shaped void left by the classic Valentine’s Day candy, Sweethearts, which sadly won’t be produced this year after NECCO went out of business.
Krispy Kreme’s new donuts will come in pastel yellow, pink, purple, and green, just like the chalky little candies you’ve come to know and love (OK, maybe not love). Each tasty treat features phrases like, “DM ME,” “ALL THE FEELS,” and “BE MINE.” Perhaps not the sweetest of messages, but cheeky will do.
If you were worried about these donuts tasting like chalk, worry no more. As if the sugary icing wasn’t enough, Krispy Kreme has filled each donut with Cake Batter, Strawberries & Kreme, Raspberry filling, and Chocolate Kreme. That’s certainly better than vague nostalgia or traces of food coloring or whatever those little hearts are supposed to taste like.
Conversation Donuts will be available at Krispy Kreme retailers across the United States from January 30 to Valentine’s Day. Rewards members can snag a free one on Wednesday, February 6 with any purchase, according to a press release, so it may behoove you to sign up now so you don’t miss out on free donuts

########
Rank: 14
Score: 52.694115
Retrieved Text: Krispy Kreme has a fundraising tradition of more than 50 years which has brought success to a lot of schools, clubs and other non-profit organizations. Americans are crazy about doughnuts and that makes the Krispy Kreme fundraiser a perfect way to raise some money for charity or other goals.
You may think that a donut is as simple as it sounds, but Krispy Kreme has come up with some creative combinations of tastes and flavors, which helps them win clients with every fundraising occasion.
Moreover, with Krispy Kreme you can get profit by selling the doughnuts, but also cards and partnership certificates. You could even do all three fundraisers at the same time.
Why do so many people prefer Krispy Kreme fundraising?
Products are made fresh and packaged by the dozen in special fund-raising boxes.
Krispy Kreme donuts rolling off the assembly line.
Traditional Doughnut Sales. You simply buy the doughnuts at a reduced price and then re-sell them for full retail price or higher. Be creative about the location and time of distribution: you can choose to sell them at lunch time at high traffic areas, in the shops, intersections, community festivals, or to pre-sell them to family, friends and neighbors.
Certificates are an alternative to selling actual doughnuts. Your supporters can redeem each certificate for one dozen doughnuts at any participating Krispy Kreme retail store.
Partnership Cards. By buying a Partnership Card, your supporters will get a free dozen doughnuts by purchasing a dozen of their choice. Their card gets punched each time they use it and they can use it up

########
Rank: 15
Score: 51.770626
Retrieved Text: Wooooooooooot! My favorite superhero Spiderman has now a thrilling Krispy Kreme Donut version! How I wish Krispy Kreme would send me some of this! Ha ha ha!
Go on and get tangled in the sticky web of the Spider-Man mania as Krispy Kreme rolls out its latest thrilling addictions—the Spider and Spider-Man Doughnuts.
Feed your fixation with the world-famous, melt-in-your-mouth doughnuts, which Krispy Kreme puts an epic spin to; one filled with chocolate kreme rolled in carat chocolate and crushed Oreo cookies then dusted with a Spider-outlined coating, and another charged with strawberry filling and coated with Spider-Man’s face using vanilla-colored icing and satin iced candy. Available this June 1 to July 15, these latest additions to Krispy Kreme’s line of premium products allows everyone to enjoy the amazing blast of the Spider-Man mania through two treats.
To further pack a punch to the craze, get a Spider-Man non-woven bag when you purchase a Dozen Assorted with both of these filled doughnuts. Be sure to grab one, both, or a box at a Krispy Kreme store near you and add sweetness to that sticky fixation!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 51.540382
Retrieved Text: Details: Discount amount and age may vary. Check with your location.
Details: Krispy Kreme is bringing back their fan-favorite Lemon Glazed Doughnut for one week only beginning April 22, 2019. The Lemon Glazed Doughnut takes an Original Glazed Doughnut and coats it in a combination of zesty fresh lemon and Krispy Kreme’s sweet, signature glaze. The limited-edition doughnut will be available at participating locations nationwide beginning Monday, April 22 through Sunday, April 28, 2019.
Details: Join the Krispy Kreme eClub to find out about special offers and new products!
Details: The new flavor will debut in celebration of National Coffee Day and will become part of their permanent menu starting September 24, 2018.
Details: Krispy Kreme offers a taste of summer with the introduction of three all-new fruit-flavored doughnuts at participating locations. Pineapple Doughnut: A brightly decorated yeast shell doughnut with a pineapple filling. Strawberry Doughnut: A heart-shaped yeast shell doughnut with a strawberry filling and decorated to resemble a strawberry. Key Lime Doughnut: A yeast shell doughnut filled with Key Lime Kreme, and balanced with the sweetness of a Krispy Kreme doughnut. Krispy Kreme’s new fruit-flavored doughnuts featuring bright and colorful designs will be available at participating US locations nationwide from Monday, May 6 through Sunday, June 16, 2019.
Details: Pick from Berries & Kreme, Oranges & Kreme, Lotta Latte, Chocolate Chocolate, Mocha Dream, Orange you Glad, Very Berry & Tropical Chillers.
Details: Collect t-shirts, hoodies, hats & baby onesies.
Details: Choose your favorite doughnut, pick a Kool KREME flavor and add any one of delicious toppings. Additional Toppings include: Hot Fudge,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 51.517933
Retrieved Text: Get a free Krispy Kreme glazed donut by joining their Friends Club. Provide your basic contact information to receive info on new products, events, and a coupon for your free glazed donut. Valid at participating locations. I'll have to miss out on this since I don't have any Krispy Kreme's near me. Just as well since I have baby weight to lose! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 51.471264
Retrieved Text: In order to get your opinions, reviews, suggestions or complaints heard by Krispy Kreme you should go online to fill the Krispy Kreme Survey at www.krispykremelistens.com.
Krispy Kreme as a company was established back in the year 1973 by Vernon Rudolph who started out this chain with the dedication of providing the best quality donuts to serve the sweet tooth cravings of all their customers and clients who choose to visit them.
Now find and press the button that reads “Next” and go ahead to answer the Krispy Kreme Survey.
The Krispy Kreme Survey questions will inquire you about their taste, variety of donut flavors, environment and client service.
The ultimate task would be to make a submission of your completed Krispy Kreme Survey.
Complete the Checkers and Rally’s Survey to avail all amazing validation codes!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 51.2273
Retrieved Text: Can’t score free doughnuts on National Doughnut Day? Basket has the next best thing.
Donut you know? June 1 is National Doughnut Day! Go ahead and let your inner doughnut-loving dork out and indulge in some of that delicious fried dough confection. There’s free doughnut give-aways all over the country. Local bakeries and chains such as Krispy Kreme and Dunkin’ Donuts are offering free pastry goods.
But, let’s say you want to hit up your local grocery store for a six-count or twelve-count of the glazed or powdered frosting good stuff. (Because you are sharing, right?…right?). Don’t worry, Basket has got you covered for some sweet savings.
Download the free Basket app, then create your Basket list. Here’s what you need to know: entering “doughnut” versus “donut” may get you different results. Krispy Kreme brands go by “doughnuts.” Village Bakery and The Bakery At Walmart also come up under the category search for “doughnuts.” But if you type in “donut” (then hit the “donut” tab at the top) you get more brands such as Entenmann’s, Hostess, Little Debbie, Tastykake, Kinnikinnick and more.
Savings on your doughnuts – or donuts – will vary depending on what brand or store you choose. In one grocery list sample we compared, two Walmarts that were 4 miles apart varied in price by nearly 6 percent. Target and Food Lion prices of the same doughnuts varied nearly 31 percent. Changing up the doughnuts to a gluten-free, dairy free, nut free, vanilla glazed brand increased costs by nearly 140 percent.
Another fun fact about the Basket app:

########
Rank: 20
Score: 50.932606
Retrieved Text: This donut “cake” is a fun alternative to a traditional birthday cake!
Guess who’s having a birthday this month…yep, it’s ME! I also happen to share my birthday month with Krispy Kreme, which is perfect since donuts and I tend to go hand-in-hand. For as long as I can remember, I’ve always answered the “what’s your favorite food?” question with “donuts.” They definitely have my heart.
Instead of a traditional birthday cake, I’m requesting a donut cake this year. Easy to make (just stack ’em up!), easy to serve, and totally fabulous! Krispy Kreme has been serving up all kinds of yummy donuts for 78 years (wow!), but the Original Glazed, Chocolate Iced Glazed and Chocolate Iced Glazed with Sprinkles are my favorites. Gotta love the classics!
Just in time for our co-birthday celebration, Krispy Kreme is also offering a limited time Birthday Cake Batter doughnut that totally rocks – it tastes like it’s filled with cake batter!
Krispy Kreme is also offering a limited time Birthday Cake Batter Chiller – a sweet, creamy cupcake flavored iced beverage topped with whipped cream and sprinkles. My four-year-old thinks the Birthday Cake Batter Chiller is the most incredible treat in the world!
My nine-year-old says that his favorite is the Brownie Batter doughnut – it tastes just like licking the brownie bowl!
Happy birthday to us, Krispy Kreme!
While I had donuts on my mind, I designed a couple of “Happy Birthday” donut gift tags (download + print a copy here!) to go along with the donut cake. I love to keep cute printables like

########
Rank: 21
Score: 50.536545
Retrieved Text: Friday June 3rd is another of those made-up national holidays, but this one is actually fun.
Krispy Kreme will give each customer one free glazed donut, no purchase required. This is at Krispy Kreme stores only, so don't try to grab one off the supermarket shelf and eat it, wiseguy.
Busken Bakery (Ohio) will have free glazed donuts in the morning, and discounts on a dozen.
Entenmann's will give 10 people free donuts for a year, if you enter via their Facebook page. Not sure I really want free donuts for a whole year, but I've never turned down a freebie, so why not.
Tim Horton's typically posts a coupon for a free donut on their website the morning of National Donut Day, if you have any Time Horton's (Canadian chain) in your area. In Canada, you'll find one on every block.
LaMar's (Midwest and South) will have free donuts Friday.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.990505
Retrieved Text: Your favorite drink vs a Krispy Kreme donut. Which one has more sugar?
I’m sure it comes as no surprise that soda is loaded with sugar. The public has been warned for years that drinking pop can lead to cavities and other health problems. What some people don’t realize is that sodas aren’t the only beverages laden with sugar. Even supposedly “healthy” drinks can contain tablespoons of the stuff.
…Donuts! Yes, donuts! Those yummy, sugary treats that make it worth the effort to get out of the bed in the morning.
I thought, “Why not compare the amount of sugar in different beverages to how many donuts you could eat to equal that same amount of sugar.” And that’s just what I set out to do. I went to a convenience store and bought a bunch of popular, readily available drinks. Then I bought 3 dozen Krispy Kreme glazed donuts. The Krispy Kreme donuts contain 10 grams of sugar per donut. Using the nutrition information printed on each beverage container, I noted the sugar content and then stacked up the appropriate amount of donuts in front of each drink. The video below shows the results.
Go ahead, take a look at the video and see if you’re surprised by the results. And next time you reach for a drink, take a minute to look at the sugar content. You just might opt for water instead!
We are closed daily from 1:00 PM – 2:00 PM for lunch.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.976833
Retrieved Text: By Amanda September 19, 2016 - This post may contain affiliate links. Read my disclosure policy.
Treat yourself to a night off from cooking! Through September 25, 2016, Domino’s is offering buy one, get one free pizzas!
There is no coupon code required, but both pizzas must be regular menu price, and the second pizza must be of equal or lesser value than the first. This offer is valid for carry out only.
Sep 192016Krispy Kreme: FREE Donut or FREE Dozen for Dress Like a Pirate Day!
Aye Matey! Be sure to visit Krispy Kreme today (September 19th) for Dress Like A Pirate Day! You’ll get a free donut when you talk like a pirate! Dress like a pirate and you’ll get a FREE dozen donuts.
To qualify for the free dozen, you must be wearing at least three items. Keep in mind that toy weapons are not permitted. Find a Krispy Kreme location near you!
You can also score a free donut when you download the app and join Krispy Kreme Rewards!
By Amanda September 12, 2016 - This post may contain affiliate links. Read my disclosure policy.
We have a new Denny’s offer for you! Starting this month (September), kids get FREE Pancakes from 4pm-10pm!
When you purchase one adult entree of $6 or more, up to two kids ages 10 years or younger can eat pancakes for FREE! Kids breakfast sides are available for an additional charge.
This offer is not valid with any other discount or the Kids Eat Free offer. Beverages are not included.
Stop-in and get your FREE pancakes!
Jul 112016FREE Chick-fil-A:

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.945286
Retrieved Text: Speculoos Cookie Butter Donut from Kirspy Kreme. - Hello! Welcome to my blog!
The Krispy Kreme's Speculoos Cookie Butter doughnuts comes in two variants - Dark chocolate vanilla cookie butter and white chocolate vanilla cookie butter.
The donut was sweet. Maybe just the right amount of sweetness for my taste buds. So, is Krispy Kreme just joining in on the speculoos craze with these Cookie-Butter donuts? I don't know.
The donuts are really good, I can't differentiate the other because they kind of like tasted the same. After a few more bits, I was able to tell the difference. The filling inside added a nice touch of cookie butter in every bite. It was nice!. The Speculoos donut was something new and different. That is what I like about Krispy Kreme. You can always count on them for innovative donuts.
It costs around P45 each. I had like 2 of them and I'm not sure if I can eat this everyday or every morning. But for me, it is really something to reward yourself with.
I think these delectable donuts will be available until July 31, 2013 only. So why not go to your nearest Krispy Kreme now?!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 48.654568
Retrieved Text: I found the Krispy Kreme today!
It was only a mile from my hotel. So I ran a mile to get there and a mile back home. A short run today that had a ray of sunshine in the middle. The KK donut was wonderful. Although it was not hot, it was still delicious.
I know what Dr. Monte says about eating things like Krispy Kreme, but it was a treat and a half to sit there and enjoy a donut right in the middle of the run.
It also must have given me something. The hill helped me down at a pace of 9:16. The donut gave me the strength for a 9:42 return up the hill.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 48.63297
Retrieved Text: June 5 is National Doughnut Day and today its your chance to eat free doughnuts at Dunkin Donuts and Krispy Kreme in USA.
On June 5, 2009, Participating Dunkin’ Donuts restaurants throughout the country promise to give every customer a free donut of their choice, with the purchase of any beverage, limit one per customer.
However, participating Krispy Kreme stores will give away a free doughnut to all its customers, no purchase necessary, with a limit of one doughnut per customer.
National Doughnut Day is celebrated on the first Friday of June each year. It started in 1938 as a fund raiser for the Chicago Salvation Army to help the needy during the Great Depression, and to honor the Salvation Army “Lassies” of World War I, who served doughnuts to soldiers behind the front lines in France.
Grab your chance to get a free doughnut today. Where are you going?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 48.58947
Retrieved Text: I attended the store launching of Krispy Kreme at Corte delas Palmas in ATC last March 7th with my daughter, and we were rewarded with dozen donut treats plus more! This new Krispy Kreme store is the latest addition to the dynamic mix of retail and dining establishments in Corte delas Palmas and is nestled amidst other high-end food and clothing establishments.
Krispy Kreme is such a delight to anyone's palette that indulging in their mouth-watering like the Banana Walnut Kruffin makes you come back for more! My daughter and I love the its creamy center! Anyone with a sweet tooth would surely fall for this yummy baked goodness!
My child had a blast glazing her donuts at the "Baked Creations Theater", where they serve the brand’s signature Baked Creations fresh from the oven on top of all the full line of premium treats Krispy Kreme is famous for which includes its world-famous Original Glazed Doughnuts and Signature Coffee.
True to the brand’s spirit of gratitude to all those who continues to support all their endeavors, Krispy Kreme continues to expand its reach in the name of satisfying the palates of doughnut and coffee aficionados across the country.
Krispy Kreme Alabang Town Center opens its doors everyday at 7 in the morning and stays open until 11 in the evening – giving everyone plenty of time to drop by and grab their favorite treats before they head home from work or school.
Krispy Kreme is an international doughnut and coffee brand that is present in 16 countries worldwide, including United Kingdom,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 48.440346
Retrieved Text: Easy and delicious overnight Blueberry Doughnut French Toast Casserole is the perfect holiday breakfast for French toast and doughnut lovers!
This post is in partnership with Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, all opinions are my own.
My doughnut obsession is REAL. When our twins were just teeny tiny babies, we started a weekend we call Doughnut Morning. Every Saturday we pile in the car, sun, rain, or freak snow storm, and take a drive to get doughnuts for breakfast.
We’ve done the grocery store, the specialized corner bakery, the gas station even (often when we’re out of town), but Krispy Kreme is our favorite. It’s a little further out of the way but worth the drive every single time when I’m blissfully devouring my share of a fresh dozen back home in my Saturday morning comfy socks.
Blueberry doughnuts are my jam. Easily one of my top three favorite doughnuts, and Krispy Kreme makes a really killer Glazed Blueberry Cake Doughnut.
Today I’m really excited to be sharing how I use Krispy Kreme Glazed Blueberry Cake Doughnuts as a hack in one of my favorite holiday breakfast recipes, overnight French toast casserole! What? French toast casserole meets blueberry doughnut?? YES! Pure breakfast magic.
So how do you make this sweet concoction? It’s sooo easy! The night before, chop up some Krispy Kreme Glazed Blueberry Cake Doughnut and layer them in a greased baking dish. Whisk together milk, eggs, vanilla, and a bit of sugar and pour it over the doughnuts. Cover and refrigerate overnight.
The next morning, uncover the baking dish and pop it in

########
Rank: 29
Score: 48.29216
Retrieved Text: Little Debbie® Mini Frosted Donuts. McKee. A family bakery. Our family promise: Quality, freshness and taste. Sealed to preserve quality and freshness. 1-800-522-4499. www.littledebie.com. Send or have available the dated top flap. ©2010 - ©2014.
Half dozen. Since 1937. Get that good filling. These yeast-raised doughnuts needed plenty of room inside for a creamy helping of our famous custard filling. Mmmmm. And then, we topped them off with our signature chocolate flavored icing. The result? A Krispy Kreme doughnut morning, afternoon or night. www.krispykreme.com.
Partially produced with genetic engineering. Hostess Quality Commitment: At Hostess we care deeply about our customers and are committed to providing you with quality bakery products. We welcome your comments and questions. 1-800-483-7253 or HostessCakes.com. Please have packaging available. Facebook: facebook.com/hostess. Twitter: twitter.com/hostess_snacks.
Half dozen. Since 1937. Kreme de la Kreme. Our yeast-raised doughnut shells provide the perfect reservoir for the luscious Kreme inside. Then comes the fun part: topping them off with our special chocolate-flavored icing. Yum! No wonder they're our best selling filled doughnuts! www.krispykreme.com.
Since 1937. Original Glazed Doughnuts - A Legendary Favorite: Krispy Kreme is famous for our glazed yeast doughnuts. We follow the same secret recipe that was perfected in 1937. It originally took 5-1/2 hours to make each melt-in-your-mouth doughnut, and it still does today. They're great hot too! Just microwave for 8 seconds. Contact us at Krispy Kreme Doughnut Corporation, c/o Customer Experience, Post Office Box 83, Winston-Salem, NC 27102. www.krispykreme.com. Find your sweet place to work. Visit our career site at SweetPlaceToWork.com. Krispy Kreme supports a diverse and

================



======= Instance Index 415 =========
Input Text: Sentence: What ingredient is left out of fluffy slime that is normally in regular slime?

Choice 1: Butter

Choice 2: Borax

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 58.04894
Retrieved Text: Fluffy Slime Without Glue Diy Fluffy Slime Making Fluffy Slime Fluffy Slime Recipe Glue Slime Diy Slime Ingredients For Fluffy Slime 1 Ingredient Slime Slime With Shaving Cream Forward Most satisfying/relaxing slime poking video ???? More satisfying the more you watch?? Turn volume up - if you can't here the satisfying sounds ???? We sell slime.... Fluffy Slime Without Glue Diy Fluffy Slime Making Fluffy Slime Fluffy Slime Recipe Glue Slime Diy Slime Ingredients For Fluffy Slime 1 Ingredient Slime Slime With Shaving Cream Forward Most satisfying/relaxing slime poking video ???? More satisfying the more you watch?? Turn volume up - if you can't here the satisfying sounds ???? We sell slime.
Fluffy Slime Without Glue Diy Fluffy Slime Making Fluffy Slime Fluffy Slime Recipe Glue Slime Diy Slime Ingredients For Fluffy Slime 1 Ingredient Slime Slime With Shaving Cream Forward Most satisfying/relaxing slime poking video ???? More satisfying the more you watch?? Turn volume up - if you can't here the satisfying sounds ???? We sell slime.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 55.011406
Retrieved Text: Rainbow Fluffy Slime DIY Homemade Recipe with Shaving Cream. Learn how to make the ultimate fluffy slime with this recipe and create gorgeous rainbows and stripes with your slime. Scroll below for our fluffy slime recipe as well as some other alternatives to get creative today!
First things first! To get started on making homemade rainbow fluffy slime (or any tutorial on how to make slime), you still need the traditional slime ingredients. For us, that is a Gallon of Elmer’s Glue , Liquid Starch, a colorant (I prefer Wilton’s Food Coloring) and for this, the additive that makes fluffy slime work, extra moisturizing shaving cream.
This rainbow fluffy slime is made with liquid starch and never borax. If you prefer to use an alternative, you can test out this saline solution slime here.
To turn this into a rainbow explosion, you will also need to add nonpareils .
Now let’s make your rainbow fluffy slime! Fluffy slime is actually (in my opinion) the easiest slime you can make. Because of the shaving cream, its almost a no fail- it has little to no stick making this one that doesn’t immediately make you want to wash your hands. The first thing you need to do is start with glue.
When it comes to fluffy slime, just use regular white glue. White glue is less sticky than clear glue and honestly the shaving cream will turn your clear white anyhow.
To get going, you need to start with glue.
Pour approx 2 cups of glue into a bowl. You do not need to measure

########
Rank: 2
Score: 52.912495
Retrieved Text: 22/12/2018 · Add in a splash of contact lens solution. This is the magic ingredient that turns your glue into slime! A little bit goes a long way, so you only need 1 to 2 tablespoons (15 to 30 mL). Remember, you can always add more contact lens solution later.... Its slime time again folks! Learn how to make the perfect slime with our easy to follow the recipe using PVA glue and contact lens solution. This slime contains NO borax and creates glorious slimy-slime consistency kids will love!
I decided to make our Glittery Ocean Slime using a recipe that involved contact lens solution. Because way back i had tried the borax recipe slime and it didn’t work for me and i wasn’t too comfortable using borax in its raw form with my daughter. So this easy contact lens solution recipe is the one i …... Fluffy Slime without Glue or Shaving Cream! DIY Fluffy Slime How To/ NO BORAX! In this video I'll show you how to make fluffy slime without borax, glue or sh.
Learn how to make slime with only 4 ingredients you likely have on hand now! (Glue, baking soda, contact solution, food coloring) My toddler was mesmerized! (Glue, baking soda, contact solution, food coloring) My toddler was mesmerized!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 51.376907
Retrieved Text: Fluffy Slime Recipe – Best Slime Ever!
Allow me to introduce you to the “Best Slime Recipe Ever” (according to my 5 year old)!
I run lots of science workshops for kids, and I have made countless batches of slime. So many that I’ve started getting a little bored with my original slime recipe, and I’ve been looking for something a bit different to show the kids. When I came across a recipe for ‘fluffy slime’ in a post by Little Bin For Little Hands, I couldn’t wait to try it out.
This slime is awesome! It’s got a lovely fluffy texture and is super-fun to play with. It changes as you play, going from super-sticky to stretchy to putty-like, so it’s really interesting to experiment with. Even better, it’s easy to clean up, as it just rolls off once it’s become tacky. And best of all, it doesn’t use a lot of glue or any borax powder, which is great when there’s a slime-induced shortage of these things!
Take, a look, and see how much fun this stuff is to play with! The recipe is just below the video.
Scoop 3/4 cup of shaving foam into a bowl.
Stir in a few drops of food colouring.
Stir in 1/2 cup glue and 1/2 tsp bicarbonate of soda.
Stir in 1 tbs of saline solution. At this point the mixture will start turning in to slime.
Get your hands in there! You can knead it in the bowl, or turn it onto a plastic mat to knead.
We had great fun stretching, punching, poking and even

########
Rank: 4
Score: 50.158215
Retrieved Text: About Slime: Slime was a toy product manufactured by pillo, sold in a plastic trash can and introduced in the winter of 1976. Mix one box of cornstarch with 1 to 2 cups 0. Used to get wrinkles out of clothes, liquid starch is another activator that you can use to make slime. She has so many slime videos that are the coolest. How to make Jelly Fluffy Vaseline Slime.
😱HOW TO MAKE SLIME WITHOUT GLUE OR ANY ACTIVATOR! 😱NO BORAX! NO GLUE!
Together, they cited information from. For very young children, it could be a choking hazard. Don't leave it too long. Luckily, it is still possible to make slime without borax, and in this wikiHow will show you how. My Favourite Top 10 No Glue Slime Recipes. Or you might be concerned about what would happen if your child tried to taste any of that slime. Keep reading to learn how to make slime without glue that is safe for kids to play with and even taste! You may need to rehydrate before playing the next time.
However, should a child swallow some, provided choking isn't occurring, this slime should pass through without issues. Always supervise kids when playing with slime, even taste-safe slime. These non-polysacharide polymer products are more often referred to as flubber. The wikiHow Video Team also followed the article's instructions, and validated that they work. How To Make Slime - Slime Making Using Toothpaste and Shampoo Without Glue, Borax or Water! Borax is a component of many household products as detergents and cosmetics.
I

########
Rank: 5
Score: 49.35211
Retrieved Text: THE BEST NO FAIL, NO GLUE and 1 INGREDIENT SLIME RECIPES! Almost 10 no glue DIY slime recipes. I’ve been testing 1 ingredient no glue slime recipes and these are 9 of the best no fail no glue recipes I’ve found! This is the easiest 1 ingredient slime ever! Are water slime recipes real or fake? Let’s find out how to make 1 ingredient slime and no glue slime together. The ingredients for making slime vary, but I want to show you how to make slime without glue. I’m trying coconut water slime, shampoo slime, banana slime, clay slime, Nutella slime, and more! Of course, these slimes are also no borax. Do you have a 1 ingredient slime you want me to test? Let me know and I’ll give you credit. What do you need to make slime? Watch and see! Let me know in the comments what slime without glue you would like me to test in an upcoming video. How do you make slime?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.998066
Retrieved Text: If you are getting bored and want to spend some quality time in something addictively productive and learning by smoothie challenge game, yes crazy slime maker: a free fun fluffy squishy game is the best option for you. This slime maker game is specially designed to remove your tiredness and makes you feel relax and tension free at any place, do it in office, do especially at home and party etc. Do you love ❤️ fluffy slime games with fluffy friends and wants to play ❤️ asmr games? Everyone loves slimy slimes to stretch and squishing it in this super crazy game. Rub oren slimy in your hands and pok it all day to beat the heat and to remove your stress in fluffy slime maker games. This educational craft super slime game is specially designed to fulfill your fun game requirements, now you can make most crazy blue colorful, stretchy, jelly-like slime in your mobile and enjoy it like a real one slimer fluffy unicorn games. Cute Kids and Cute Girls, always who they want from their parents, I want slime diy or I want to make slime, this smoothie challenge crazy slime maker: a free fun fluffy squishy game will allow you to make your own slime asmr games for girls and satisfy your inner addictive games player💪. If you don't know fluffy slime recipes and slimes making techniques, no worry these super crazy games have best DIY slime techniques that how to make super slime DIY for that keep playing this crazy games.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.928024
Retrieved Text: ﻿ How To Make Fluffy Slime without Shaving Cream, Foaming Hand Soap, Gel! DIY Shampoo slime with Glue!
How To Make Fluffy Slime without Shaving Cream, Foaming Hand Soap, Gel! DIY Shampoo slime with Glue!
How To Make Fluffy Slime without Shaving Cream, Foaming Hand Soap, Gel! DIY Shampoo slime with Glue! No borax, no liquid starch, no detergent, and no tide! In this diy fluffy shampoo slime video for kids recipe, we made smooth fluffy slime using several main ingredients! Easy to make and simple without shaving cream, shaving gel, or foaming foam hand soap! You can check out our old homemade slime videos for instructions for ingredients listed above to make your fantastic and fun fluffy slime! Yes, oddly satisfying, mega lovely! Thanks again for watching our videos! Stay tune for more great slime videos!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.23315
Retrieved Text: Fluffy slime without glue how to make how to make soft serve slime without borax giant fluffy how to make fluffy slime without glue borax detergent or starch fluffy slime without glue or shaving cream diy how to . Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related. Trending Posts... Fluffy Slime Without Borax Diy Fluffy Slime Fluffy Slime Recipe Making Fluffy Slime Easy Slime Recipe Making Slime Make Slime At Home Ways To Make Slime Slime With Elmers Glue Forward How To Make SLIME For Beginners!
This Fluffy Slime With Hand Soap DIY Slime Without Borax Or the gallery form How To Make Fluffy Slime With Laundry Detergent. Hopefully you can find the best inspiration from our gallery here. Hopefully you can find the best inspiration from our gallery here.... Fluffy Slime Without Borax Diy Fluffy Slime Making Fluffy Slime Borax Slime Without Glue Slime No Glue Making Slime Bubblegum Slime Pink Slime Glitter Slime Forward in today's video, I’ll be showing you guys how to make 3 different slimes!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 47.050804
Retrieved Text: The item Amazing makerspace DIY slippery slime, by Cody Crane represents a specific, individual, material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Ramapo Catskill Library System.
You can be a maker!
Is slime a liquid, a solid, or both?
How can magnets be used to make slime that moves?
What living things create their own slime?
What causes things to glow in the dark?
You can be a maker! -- Galaxy slime -- Is slime a liquid, a solid, or both? -- Fluffy slime -- What is a chemical reaction? -- Magnetic slime -- How can magnets be used to make slime that moves? -- The big truth! -- Slimy creatures -- What living things create their own slime? -- Glowing slime -- What causes things to glow in the dark?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.644554
Retrieved Text: Kids everywhere want to learn how to make fluffy slime, because it is so satisfying! Parents prefer that they don’t use borax or contact lenses solution. That’s why this fluffy slime recipe is so wonderful. It’s easy to follow and your kids will love how fluffy it comes out! This is a foolproof recipe that my daughter swears by. Here is the video we made together.
Pour the white glue in a bowl. Keep in mind that the amount of glue equals to the desired amount of slime. Now add the shaving cream. How much should you use? Use half of the amount of glue.
Add a little of liquid laundry detergent, and stir until you don’t see any clumps.
Repeat and add drops of laundry detergent until the slime is not sticking to the sides of the bowl.
Pick the slime up with your hands and knead it until it doesn’t stick to your hands.
Optional: add food coloring, glitter or other decorative materials if desired.
If you make the fluffiest slime ever, please come and let me know so I can share that with my daughter. If you are looking for another slime recipe, but with borax, we have one here.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.577732
Retrieved Text: It’s slime time and this is one of my absolute favorite slimes EVER! I just think it’s gorgeous. Of course, I also love all things rainbow and love how the colors just pop on the black slime. If you haven’t made Rainbow Explosion Black Slime before (or any kind of black slime) then you have to try this one!
It’s just the coolest! It’s also so easy to make!
This paint slime is a basic black slime recipe. But then we add a POP by using sprinkles to really up the wow factor on this slime while still keeping it really simple.
First things first. While this is an easy DIY rainbow slime thanks to the sprinkles, it is not an edible slime. Once you add the sprinkles to the black slime, they’ve become part of the science of it all and only kids old enough to keep it away from their mouths should be allowed to play with it!
That’s my first safety warning.
My second safety warning is while this slime recipe will teach you how to make slime without Borax, it is not chemical free. This rainbow explosion black slime is a liquid starch slime that also uses acrylic paint.
I’m personally more comfortable using liquid starch with my kids than Borax, but I still make sure that everything gets cleaned thoroughly once we’re done playing with it. Hands get washed and all surfaces and containers are thoroughly washed after slime time!
Now that we’ve gotten the warnings out of the way, we’re ready to gather the slime ingredients! This

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.44391
Retrieved Text: This is a very cool and easy to make fluffy slime. It will easily entertain your kids for hours! Great summer craft.
DIY Fluffy Slime – Great Summer Craft For Kids!
My kids loved making this fluffy slime and playing with it!
Measure glue and baking soda into a bowl and mix together. Add shaving cream and mix together. You can add food coloring next which will give your slime a nice color. We used green and add enough food coloring drops until you have your desired color.
Next you will add your contact lens solution. I used Opti Free. The contact less solution will make your slime less sticky and much more workable and easy to play with. You can also use borax, but i used the contact lens solution be cause it is safer for kids.
It will take 1-2 teaspoons of contact lens solution. Just add a few drops at a time until your slime is easy to handle and less sticky.
Enjoy! Slime can be stored in a sealed container to last longer when you are done playing with it.
Check out a quick video on how cool this slime is!
You can make your fluffy slime any color!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.964066
Retrieved Text: Play, streaming, watch and download HOW TO MAKE SOFT SERVE SLIME video (04:14) , you can convert to mp4, 3gp, m4a for free. ♡Thanks for watching! ♡ This soft serve slime's texture is... How to Make Super Glossy Shiny Slime DIY Sparkle + Slime by Sparkle and Slime Hey Guys + Welcome back to my Channel!! In today's Video : I made glossy slime, this slime is runnier and thinner than others and super glossy and shiny, its also kind of loud and "clicky".
MA 5:40 How to Make Giant Bubblegum Slime! DIY Stretchy Big Fluffy Soft Serve Slime! Cheeksxo3 هناك 10 مليون مشاهدةقبل سنة واحدة Download B... Hello everyone! Hi guys! I'm back with one of my most requested videos: Slime Dares! I've had a lot of fun filming this! Leave some more dares for more :D. Hope you enjoy!
Soft Serve Slime Recipe GIANT SIZE How To! 0 DIY Slime Challenge Soft Serve Slime GIANT SIZE How To! 0 DIY Slime Challenge Recipe! In this slime tutorial I’ll show you how to make a giant sized neapolitan soft serve slime!... How to Make Giant Bubblegum Slime! DIY Stretchy Big Fluffy Soft Serve Slime!
Slime Sorcery Book Will It Slime?
Comments to the video: How to Make Giant Bubblegum Slime! DIY Stretchy Big Fluffy Soft Serve Slime!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.31897
Retrieved Text: lovely elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution or glue jumbo slime recipe 45 elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution and baking soda.
beautiful elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution or slime contact solution recipe how to make fluffy slime recipe fluffy slime recipe for any theme clear glue slime recipe with contact solutio.
idea elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution or slime contact solution save slime recipe contact solution glue and baking soda 26 elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution commercial.
elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution or need the perfect slime recipe this slime recipe with borax is so inviting and calming 97 elmers glue slime recipe without borax and contact solution.
idea elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution and spring slime recipe how to make slime recipe with contact solution slime recipe with 43 elmers glue slime recipe without contact solution.
ideas elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution for baking soda add to slime 91 elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution and baking soda.
elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution and glue kid friendly extra large custom glitter slime recipe 27 elmers glue slime recipe contact solution.
unique elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution and slime recipe 2 27 elmers glue slime recipe without contact lens solution.
new elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution or homemade slime with contact solution jumbo colored slime slime recipe using contact solution and baking soda homemade slime with contact solution.
elegant elmers glue slime recipe with contact solution for slime recipe using contact solution make

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.282776
Retrieved Text: We are waiting for the crispy, juicy apples of fall to roll around again. I don’t know about you, but we have a tough time finding tasty apples here at the end of summer. So while we wait and dream for lush apple orchards to pick whatever we want, we decided to make an apple theme slime recipe instead. Making homemade slime is super simple science and sensory play and even better with a fun theme!
Our slime recipes and slime making activities are perfect to pair with the seasons, especially fall. Apples and pumpkins and cinnamon! Fall is the perfect time for making slime. This gorgeous red glitter glue slime recipe with an apple theme is perfect for back to school and the fall season!
Slime making is even more fun when you add in creative seasonal themes, and I know kids love the novelty of theme activities. Our Elmers Glue Apple Theme Slime Recipe is yet another AMAZING slime recipe we can show you how to make.
No one wants to be sad and frustrated when they go to learn how to make slime….
OUR HOMEMADE BASIC SLIME RECIPES ARE THE SLIME RECIPES YOU NEED!
We always like to include a bit of homemade slime science around here, and that’s perfect for exploring Chemistry with a fun fall theme. Slime is an excellent chemistry demonstration and kids love it too! Mixtures, substances, polymers, cross linking, states of matter, elasticity, and viscosity are just a few of the science concepts that can be explored with homemade slime!
What’s the science behind

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.116234
Retrieved Text: Slime videos are so much fun! Here you’ll find all kinds of super cool Homemade Slime Recipes. See How to make clear slime, Contact Solution Slime, Slime Recipe with Liquid Starch, Borax Slime, The Amazing Gingerbread Slime and so many more. The more Slime ideas and slime recipes the better, right?!
Kids love stretching, pulling, popping, poking, molding, cutting, smelling and squishing these easy slime recipes.
This Gingerbread Slime Recipe is the best! This Gingerbread Slime Video has been watched over 6 million times on social media, and everyone loves it. Not only is this gingerbread slime gorgeous it smells good enough to eat.
Whether you are looking for a fun summer activity, an amazing centerpiece for an ocean theme party, a slime party favor or a super cool slime gift idea this Ocean Slime is perfect! You’ll love this Ocean Slime Video!
This Valentine’s Day Fluffy Slime is incredible! Make Slime for a Valentines Slime gift to hand out at a Valentine’s Day party or classroom card exchange. Every child will want to be your Valentine.
If you are looking for a soothing, calming sensory play idea, this is it! Your children will love pulling, stretching, smelling, squishing, and poking this incredible Lavender Slime.
Peppermint Liquid starch slime is super stretchy, squishy fun that smells amazing. You and your kids will LOVE IT!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.928223
Retrieved Text: The BEST slime making experience starts with the BEST homemade slime recipes. Find our simple slime recipes for saline solution slime, fluffy slime, liquid starch slime, and classic borax slime right here!
After you master the basics of slime making, take your slimes to the next level with our popular slime recipes. Learn how to make these slime favorites including glow in the dark slime, cloud slime, edible slime, foam (crunchy) slime, and butter slime!
The BEST slime recipes need the BEST slime supplies. Learn how to make slime including the right slime supplies and ingredients, the science behind the slime, how to fix slime, how to get slime out of anything, and much more!
Slime Science Fair Projects For Kids!
My Favorite Slime Recipe Ever!
Christmas Butter Slime Recipe with a Candy Cane Theme!
Easy Halloween Floam Recipe and Fun Halloween Activity Too!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.764774
Retrieved Text: You are constantly telling your child not to pick their nose. But who can resist rolling something sticky, wet, and squishy between their fingers? I’ve got a solution that will satisfy both kids and parents.
Below I have included the gooiest, slimiest, most tried and true recipes from across the internet. You can experiment to come up with your own creations, too!
This 4-ingredient recipe is quick and easy to make.
Slime with a Halloween twist! You could vary this according to the season or holiday so you have a festive slime all year round.
Who doesn’t love stuff that glows in the dark? Make the dough and then read the science behind what makes something glow in the dark here.
Add some Lego pieces and you’ve got yourself a real party!
This is the most gorgeous slime out there! Plus it makes some pretty awesome gigantic bubbles!
Do you have a baby or toddler that wants to join in the fun? Make this edible edition and you don’t have to worry about what happens if your little one taste tests your slime!
Apparently it bubbles for a solid 24 hours!
This slime smells as good as it is pretty.
One of our personal favorites, this slime literally changes in the heat and cold!
Easy-peasy one-ingredient nontoxic slime that everyone can enjoy.
*If your slime doesn’t come out exactly as expected head over to this trouble-shooting guide. Asia at Fun at Home with Kids is the slime goddess 🙂 And yes, that’s a HUGE compliment!
Making slime can be educational, too! When you mix the ingredients together you are

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.69177
Retrieved Text: NO GLUE CLEAR SLIME !
HOW TO MAKE CLEAR PUTTY SLIME !
No Glue Paper Slime!, Amazing Paper Shampoo and Salt Slime Recipe, No Borax,No Liquid Starch !
NO GLUE SHAMPOO FLUFFY SLIME,NO SHAVING CREAM FLUFFY SLIME RECIPE !
No Glue Instant Clear Slime!!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.6641
Retrieved Text: How To Make Kinetic Sand Slime Tweet . Listen or download How To Make Kinetic Sand Slime music song for free.... How To Make Jumbo Oreo Flakes Slime!? DIY Realistic Oreo Slime Super Glossy and Satisfying! ASMR!
SAND SLIME VS KINETIC SAND. I want to make sure to communicate that this sand slime recipe is NOT the same as kinetic sand. Kinetic sand has a crumbly texture texture, this sand slime recipe is basically fluffy slime with sand mixed in. But, you can feel free to increase the amount of sand to get a sandier texture. You can also skip the slime and use our Kinetic Sand Recipe to make �... How To Make Jumbo Oreo Flakes Slime!? DIY Realistic Oreo Slime Super Glossy and Satisfying! ASMR!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 44.573902
Retrieved Text: Making unicorn sand slime is a totally fun experience. It can be sticky or more like flubber depending on what you add to it. In the case of the pink sand slime, I have decided to make it more like a traditional flowing slime, just with the fine sand. It’s so easy to make this sand slime and you can combine colors to have a finished unicorn sand slime result. You can see a bit of both in this sand slime tutorial so keep reading!
Let’s get started with your slime!
Elmers Glue : I always use GALLON SIZED GLUE. Tiny bottles do not produce a lot of slime and this is an addicting project. Go ahead and get the gallon size. You cannot find this in stores.
Liquid Starch – This can be impossible to find, so also better to grab online. Nothing worse than not finding it and getting frustrated. Its a trillion times better than borax.
As I have explained in other slime recipes, making slime isn’t an exact science, but understanding the basics can get you on the road of a good base and you can adjust it easily to make your perfect slime. This is not a fluffy sand slime, if you want that, go to How to make Fluffy Slime here, but a sticky stringy sand slime. Because all slimes take a lot of glue, I suggest getting the gallon glue and I mean it. I start with about 2 cups of glue per color so its nice and thick. Then add your colorant.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 44.498726
Retrieved Text: We’re a bit slime obsessed. We’ve tried so many slime recipes, but we still aren’t tired of making and playing with it. This time, we decided to make an ocean slime recipe to celebrate summer, warmer weather, and fun!
This blue ocean slime recipe uses a classic Borax recipe that is easy to make, and nearly foolproof. Use the recommended brands and ratios and your slime will come out perfectly every time!
The secret to making beautiful ocean slime is to use clear glue. If you use white glue, the slime will work, but it won’t look like sparkling ocean water.
Adding glitter also adds a pretty touch that transforms the slime into ocean water.
Add little ocean creatures to your blue glitter slime to capture the spirit of the ocean and make your slime play educational!
For more fun slime recipes to try, you may also like fluffy slime, rainbow slime, and galaxy slime!
Read on to see how to make ocean slime! And don’t forget to try our other summer slime recipes: ice cream slime, sand slime, and beach slime!
Slime is made when boron mixes with the polymer chains in the glue, creating strong, but flexible bonds between the molecules.
There are so many fun tweaks you can make to a basic slime recipe, like my kid’s favorite, fluffy slime! Since this slime does contain borax, if you have a sensitivity to it, you may want to try our baking soda slime instead.
If this is your first time making slime, you should follow along with our post on slime troubleshooting. Luckily,liquid

########
Rank: 23
Score: 44.323246
Retrieved Text: Kids will love this Jack Frost-approved recipe, perfect for the season.
Expose your glow in the dark slime to any light to charge and recharge the glow.
What’s cooler than slime? Glow in the Dark slime! Make luminescent slime using a few common household ingredients. It’s super easy and kid-friendly!
We partnered with teachers to create 10 free lesson plan printables that bring math, science, art, and more to life with slime in the classroom.
Make colorful slime without the fuss using Elmer's Color Glues that come in vibrant, opaque colors and gem-like, translucent hues! Simply mix with a few common household ingredients. It’s super easy and kid-friendly!
‘Tis the season for snowmen, snowflakes and anything sparkly! Elmer's Frosty theme slime kit comes with everything you need and just the right amount of sparkle perfect for this cold weather holiday!
Elmer's safe, nontoxic, and washable glues are the secret to endless slime fun! Take your slime making experience to a whole new level with this 3 colored glitter pack. It's out of this world!
Elmer’s safe, nontoxic, and washable glues are the secret to endless slime fun! Create your own sparkly rainbow slime with this 3 color glitter glue pack that will brighten up any day!
Elmer’s nontoxic and washable glues are the secret to endless slime making fun! Our slime starter kit contains all the ingredients you need to make the perfect slime every time!
Gh’oul times ahead! Elmer’s nontoxic and washable glues is the secret to endless slime fun! Our kid-friendly Halloween themed slime kit comes with everything you need to make the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 44.29311
Retrieved Text: If you get a group of kids together today, they are probably going to end up making slime. If you get their parents together, they are likely complaining about slime! These days, parents know the annoyance of the ever-popular DIY slime. The stickiness, the stained hands, the ruined carpet—we feel your pain! Because we care about your sanity, we found a simple, parent-approved DIY fluffy slime recipe that won’t stick to hands, furniture, or carpet. This recipe is easy to make and is not nearly as sticky and slimy as some of the others out there. Give it a shot with your kids, and let us know in the comments below how they liked it. Enjoy these messy moments—there will come a day when you are going to miss them!
If not stretchy enough, you’ll need a little lotion.
Add glitter and/or food dye to make it super fun!
Step One – Pour glue into a bowl. Add 2 Tbsp of laundry detergent (serves as the activator), and top with a good pile of shaving cream.
Step Two – For fun decorations, add a few drops of your desired dye color. This is a great opportunity to teach kids about color combinations. Glitter makes your fluffy slime extra sparkly—just be prepared that you may have glittery hands and floors for days.
Step Three – Mix everything together using a utensil. Once thoroughly mixed, begin using your hands to knead the slime. It will feel very wet at first, but keep working at it until it becomes sticky. If you’ve made slime

########
Rank: 25
Score: 44.133533
Retrieved Text: This Saint Patricks Day Slime is fun for kids of all ages!
My kids love slime. There is something about ooey gooey slime that is so fun and satisfying! This St Patrick’s Day Slime is a festive and fun way to celebrate the holiday. Your kids will love joining in on the fun on making the holiday green slime. You might also love our glitter slime and our holiday elf slime. Make up a batch of your kids favorite slime recipe for a fun craft or to share with friends. Don’t forget your St Patricks day green— make a batch of Saint Patricks Day Slime. You’ll probably also want to make up a batch of our Golden Oreo Desserts, Mint Fudge with Oreos and Cookies with Andes Mints.
in the bowl. Be careful to use a fiber supplement like Metamucil that has psyllium as an ingredient, as that is what makes the slime form.
than orange. If you would like a deeper color of green, add some food coloring.
3. Place the mixture in the microwave and cook for 4 minutes. If your microwave is greater than 1,100 watts, you might want to put the mixture in for just 3 minutes.
4. Take the mixture out and stir well.
5. Place the mixture back into the microwave and cook for an additional 2 minutes.
6. Stir the mixture again and set it off to the side to cool.
7. The slime will look like water at first, but as it cools down, it will start to take shape. Add Shamrock Confetti.
8. Once cooled, you

########
Rank: 26
Score: 44.08512
Retrieved Text: Give the Kids What They Want In Their Easter Basket - Slime Supplies!
Give the Kids What They Want In Their Easter Basket – Slime Supplies!
What do all the kids want in their Easter basket this year? Slime making supplies and LOT’s of it. Fill that basket with glow in the dark glue, slime kits, glitter, borax, baking powder – whatever slime recipe your kids prefer stuff that basket full!
Oh and don’t forget to make a batch of Easter slime to stuff inside the eggs! Let the littles know that Easter bunny knows how to make a mean batch of slime too. Check out 10 Adorable Themed Easter Baskets for Kids over on HGTV where I’m sharing Easter ideas for basket themes like unicorns, robots and of course slime! Please note Elmer’s Glue sent me all the glue seen here and this post may contain affiliate links (if you purchase through these links I get a small percentage to help pay for this blog).
What is your families favorite slime recipe? Are you more of a slime kit type of fam? I’ve got a few fun recipes to share including Chalkboard slime. Around these parts we usually go for borax free slime recipes and use some sort of other slime activator like baking soda. We’ve added all kinds of fun ingredients to our slimes like paint, glitter, shaving cream and soap. Fluffy slime, butter slime, crunchy slime – you name it, we’ve made it!
Lucky me the nice folks over at Elmer’s sent me the mother load of glue

########
Rank: 27
Score: 44.073044
Retrieved Text: How To Make Slime With Laundry Detergent Even though the shape is weird, but kids love it. Well, make a cheerful children don�t need there should be an event or wait for birthdays, anytime you can make slime to the fruit of your heart.... Here's the only slime recipe you'll ever need, made from things we're sure you'll have around the house, and exactly how to make it too! With a step-by-step guide and full safety i..
So if you are ready you can follow the step by step instructions or watch the video tutorial to learn how to make the coolest DIY slime! ?? For more Slime DIYs or slime activities�.Check out some of these other cool slime ideas ??
Make magical unicorn slime with this easy DIY recipe. Try our unicorn poop slime recipe without borax. We show the ingredients and step by step how to process.
You need glue, borax, water, food coloring, glitter (optional), and shaving cream add the glue to the water, and then add the food coloring and glitter, then add the borax hurry and add the shaving cream to make it fluffy that is how to make slime.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.977695
Retrieved Text: With How To Make Valentines Day Slime Recipes For Science Valentines Day Slime Recipe With How To Make Recipes For Science VALEN SLIMES 1 For How To Make Valentines Day Slime Recipes Science Valentines Day Slime Recipes For Kids Homemade Or How To Make Science Random How To Make Valentines Day Slime Recipes For Science Valentines Day Slime With Silver Glitter Glue On How To Make Recipes For Science Within How To Make Valentines Day Slime Recipes For Science Valentines Day Fluffy Slime Pin Final 430×1024 In How To Make Recipes For Science Pink Red Valentine Slime All How To Make Valentines Day Recipes For Science 10 Super Fun Valentines Day Science Activities For How To Make Slime Recipes Like How To Make Valentines Day Slime Recipes For Science Valentines Chemistry Science For Kids 2 All How To Make Day Slime Recipes Glitter Slime2 Within How To Make Valentines Day Slime Recipes For Science Valentines Day Slime Square At How To Make Recipes For Science Spider Webart Lesson 7 1 Orig Random How To Make Valentines Day Slime Recipes For Science .
On this website we recommend many designs about How To Make Valentines Day Slime Recipes For Valentines Science that we have collected from various sites. ufcnancy.org that we have collected from various sites, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of image for How To Make Valentines Day Slime Recipes For Valentines Science. If you like the design on our website, please do not hesitate to visit again and get inspiration from

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.865837
Retrieved Text: Have you tried making slime or silly putty yet? We had some fun making this Easter Egg Slime that fits into little Easter eggs. This is fun to play with on its own but also fun to fit into the eggs and take out of the eggs! We also had a lot of fun matching the colors with glitter and food coloring.
NOTE: We recommend adults make the slime and in our full slime recipe post you can get more slime safety tips. We like to make our slime with contact lens solution since there’s no mixing or diluting of borax required.
Slime is actually a polymer because it has qualities of both a solid and liquid! Other examples of polymers are Jell-O, gum and rubber bands. White glue is also an example of a polymer. A polymer is made of long chains of polyvinyl acetate molecules. These chains slide easily making the substance like glue easily pourable.
When you add borax to the glue, it counteracts the glue and forms a viscous substance of slime which can be shaped and pulled. This slime forms due to the glue molecules cross-linking with the borate ions (in the borax solution). This is a bond that causes the large molecules to no longer slide freely past one another (like the substance was when it was a glue). Therefore resulting in the slime substance!
There are different recipes you can use to make slime. We really like our Contact Solution Slime recipe which uses Contact Lens Solution. It is our most popular recipe

================



======= Instance Index 1161 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To make a framed chalkboard, what should I do with the plywood after I've cut it to fit in the frame?

Choice 1: Paint it with chalkboard spray paint before attaching it to the frame.

Choice 2: Paint it with glossy black spray paint before attaching it to the frame.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 57.155544
Retrieved Text: It's handy to have a large To Do list somewhere in your place. Even nicer is a big chalkboard you can write on that's easy to read. This project covers how to make a classier chalkboard out of a picture frame, some scrap plywood, and chalkboard spray paint.
Use your measuring tape to measure out the dimensions you need for your piece of plywood. Then use those measurements to draw out the correct size piece on your plywood. Use a yardstick and a pen to draw the lines nice and clean.
With the plywood marked, use the circular saw to cut the plywood down to size. It should now fit inside the frame.
Take the plywood out of the frame and apply 2-3 coats of Krylon Chalkboard spray paint to it. Let it dry for at least 5 minutes between coats and let the whole thing dry for at least 24 hours before you first use chalk on it.
Put the painted plywood into the frame and attach it. I used a staple gun to attach mine.
So now your new framed chalkboard is ready to go. Write down those important things you really need to get done!
some dark primer on the ply might save some time and money on multitudinous coats of blackboard paint. Still, use more paint than you think you have to, as successive cleanings will remove a bit each time.
Maybe, but I don't think it's significant. I've used 2-3 coats on surfaces that have held up for a long time.
On the hunt for an old mirror just

########
Rank: 1
Score: 42.061256
Retrieved Text: We have this huge blank wall in our main living area.
has always been an unfinished project.
We've tried to decorate it but nothing looks right.
A few mid-sized pieces just don't work.
We added an old door but again, it just wasn't right.
I think it either needs a wall of framed prints or one huge statement piece.
that looks like this smaller one in the entry.
Where would I find one of those?
How much would something that big cost?
I'm guessing not much...if you make it.
We bought a huge piece of plywood (I think it's 4'by8').
so it certainly wasn't a perfect surface but that works in my plan.
I used a black matte spray paint to give it a base coat.
Then I sprayed a coat of the chalkboard spray paint.
so that it looks a bit worn with age.
adds to the industrial effect.
and it covers a huge defect in the wood.
I added some of the lyrics from our family song.
In some of the pictures, you can see cracks and imperfections in the wood.
I love that. I think it makes it look older.
Isn't that cool? Those cracks make it look like an old schoolhouse chalkboard.
sitting there all alone under that huge thing.
that dresser will get some company.
Do you like the "vintage" huge "schoolhouse" chalkboard?
I associate you with school and school aged children, a large black board seems perfect. (Or an antique phonograph). Have fun with it.
Oh I love it! Very smart idea with the plywood fo sho!
I have the same dilemma! I have been shopping for a huge statement in a piece of furniture. Right

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.838886
Retrieved Text: Our toddlers first word was “haaawt” as we stressed the importance to him of staying away from the fireplace. So far he has shown no interest with crawling into the fireplace when it’s off but for many kids a fireplace is a magnet and needs to be explored. And the more parents say no, the more tempting it gets.
A friend of Lindsay’s decided that she was tired of the plastic gate barrier and wanted something that looked better and was functional so they made a magnetic chalkboard cover for their fireplace after a quick trip to their home center for supplies.
1. She had plywood cut at Home Depot to fit over the opening of her fireplace.
2. Paint plywood with several coats of magnetic paint,dry, then paint plywood with a few coats of chalkboard paint.
4. She plans to get the fireplace in tip top shape and use it again when her babe is older, but for now She is not using it at all.
Do you like this idea??? How did you teach your children to stay clear of the fireplace?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.556553
Retrieved Text: Last week I told you that I was going to share my project with you, and I’m so happy to share my #diyHarvestYardSign via this virtual party with you! We had directions to follow with the items purchased at Home Depot, but creative license to change up the sign however we wanted. Be sure to visit my friends to see their signs. The links are at the bottom of this post.
This is the inspiration piece that you can learn how to make at your local Home Depot in their #DIHworkshop THIS Thursday! I asked my Home Depot how they do their DIH workshops and was told that the lady who runs the workshops generally shows the participants how to make the projects as well as sharing tips for the tools involved. She typically will let participants make the project if they choose to. The policy at your Home Depot may vary. You can find out more details and sign up for the workshop here. The associates at Home Depot that run the workshops will gladly help you choose the materials you will need to make this project at home.
Here are the high points of how my project came together, for more details on how to make your own, visit Home Depot.
The Tombstone Candy Holder is made from a small sheet of 1/2” plywood. Did you know that you can buy smaller sheet goods? Such as this 2×2 sheet, as well as 2’ by 4’ sheets of plywood and even pre-primed (painted) chalkboard pieces. I picked up

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.4821
Retrieved Text: It's amazing what you can do with an old entertainment center. First we turned ours into an adorable kid's kitchen. But why stop there? We decided to add even more fun by building a retro kid's diner on the back. Because the two really should go hand and hand, don't you think?
Attach a piece of pre-made chalkboard to one side of the cabinet. If you happen to have a piece of plywood on hand, you can paint it with chalkboard paint. But if you're buying it, you'll find that pre-made chalkboard is typically cheaper. TIP: Drill pilot holes or use small finish nails to avoid chipping the chalkboard.
Fill any remaining areas by with plywood in a thickness that will make all surfaces of the back flush with one another. Paint two coats of the base color. All surfaces should be flush before proceeding.
Cut corner trim to fit the edges of the cabinet, covering up the raw edges. You might have to notch out areas to make the corners fit the existing trim.
Cut a 1-inch by 12-inch pine board and a 1-inch by 2-inch pine board the width of the cabinet between the corner trim pieces. (You're going to put these boards together to make the lunch counter.) Measure the cabinet across the top. Cut a 1-inch by 6-inch pine board this measurement for the diner sign. Paint a coat of primer on all boards and trim pieces, and let them dry completely. Fill any knots, gouges or holes with spackle and sand until smooth. Apply the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.234467
Retrieved Text: Have you tried to DIY your own Farmhouse Sign? They are such a simple way to brighten the decor for sure… But Farmhouse signs are also a unique way to make a statement about your home and what is important to your family.
There are lots of fun ways to crate farmhouse signs for your home. Some are simpler than others – and dependent on your willingness to use power tools.
Hit up your local craft store’s wood section. Most big stores sell pre-assembled shapes for signs. Paint the form your choice of color and use a stencil to paint on your message. Add picture hanger hooks to the back.
Want to free hand a message but unsure of how to keep it tidy with a paint brush? Create your message on paper first, then lay the paper over the wood and trace your original handwriting. When you remove the paper, you should have an outline pressed into the wood that you can follow with a fine paintbrush or paint pen.
Find a rustic frame you love? Cut a piece of plywood to fit. Sand it down to remove any splinters or rough surfaces. Paint it with chalkboard paint and let it dry. Use either nails or wood glue to secure the plywood to the frame. Add picture hangers and voila! You can use it as a chalkboard and change messages regularly — or stencil your favorite message with chalk paint.
Do you need a loving reminder hanging near where your kids sleep? An invitation to gather around your dinner table

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.04331
Retrieved Text: TV personality and style-savvy renovator Tara Dennis is a dab hand at creating chic and clever pieces from ordinary bits and pieces. Here she demonstrates how to create a cool chalkboard and an on-trend shelf – either or both will give your outdoor area a lift!
1. Apply two coats of paint to plywood, allowing time to dry between applications.
2. Measure and cut fence palings to size in order to frame the chalkboard. Place the chalkboard painted side up, arrange palings on top, then attach using glue.
3. When glue is dry, turn the framed chalkboard over so you’re now working from the back. Using a drill bit slightly smaller than the gauge (or diameter) of the screws, drill four clearance holes at each corner about 2.5cm from the edge (this helps prevent the timbers from splitting). Be sure not to go through the front of the frame.
Tip: Before drilling, hold the drill bit against the depth of the ply and frame, and mark the bit at the appropriate place to stop with masking tape. Keep the tape on when drilling and stop when you reach it.
4. Drill screws through frame and chalkboard.
5. Add two extra screws to back of chalkboard and wire for hanging.
Note: The length of screws will depend on the depth of the fence palings, as the screws will need to be less than the combined depth of the ply and palings.
1. Using saw, cut pine into three equal lengths (or ask your hardware store to do this) and drill two holes at each end,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.668484
Retrieved Text: When I saw the Christmas Gifts Vinyl Kit from SVGCuts, I knew it was one I needed to add to my ever growing collection of their fabulous kits! I found the cool weathered frame at Michaels last week for 40% off and used a mobile coupon to score another 25% off the sale price, I went back and picked up a few more to make a couple more Christmas gifts.
I used the Silhouette Cameo to cut the "There's No Place Like Home" Caption from White vinyl and adhered it to a piece of Black card stock using Transfer Tape, then smeared some Picket Fence Distress ink onto the Black card stock to resemble a chalkboard.
To decorate the glass candle holder, I cut the French Lace Design from Gold Etched Vinyl using the Silhouette Cameo. This SVG file would make a fabulous stencil and would also look wonderful when used on glass with Etching Cream.
I've had the tins in my alterable stash forever, they are from Specialty Bottle. I covered them with Bo Bunny Pattern paper, then cut the "Calories Don't Count" Caption in Red Vinyl and the "Fa La La La La" Caption from White Vinyl using the Silhouette and added them to the lids using Transfer Tape. The larger tin holds twelve of the Reeses Christmas Bells nicely!
Thanks for stopping by, I'll see you tomorrow for Kitchen Sink Stamps Monday!
Such wonderful gift ideas. Love the frame and the candle will add lovely cheer to any festive table.
Grat chalkboard, actually did not know it wasn't till

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.657257
Retrieved Text: I didn’t plan to make a kid’s chalkboard desk out of a nightstand, but I was sort of out of ideas. I’m still working my way through the free furniture I got from my neighbor Rodney. Today’s project victim is an unwanted nightstand. I’ve already made a coffee station cabinet out of the chest of drawers, and a storage bench out of a dresser. Last week I made a craft cabinet using the leftover louvered doors from the dresser.
This was a fun project once I figured out what I wanted to do with it. I did make a chalkboard desk once a long time ago, I called it the Smurf desk.
Here’s the lucky guy right here! Many times I demolish a lot of my pieces, but this guy got off easy.
I dug out this piece of mdf that was dismantled for an old chest of drawers. It was the side section. On the Smurf Desk I attached legs, but because the “top” I’m using is sort of on the short side, I knew I didn’t have room to spare for legs.
Sometimes these things just “come to me”. I decided to build a small bookshelf on the end to support the left side of the top.
That would take 4 pieces of lumber for the shell of the shelf. A top, bottom, and two sides. My favorite way of building such a frame is with my favorite Kreg Jig.
This is attaching the bottom shelf (frame). I wanted it to appear it has legs instead of resting it right

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.14359
Retrieved Text: I haven't really been in the mood to do much mantel decorating since I moved to the farmhouse. I think that it's probably due mainly to the fact that I don't really have a mantel.
So in the hope that I'd have a cool mantel in time for Halloween, I started on this project a month ago. In fact, it may have been longer ago than that.
It was right around the time that the Pottery Barn Fall catalog came out and I got a phone call from my friend, Maureen.
She said, "Hi there! Have you seen the PB October Catalog?" to which I replied, "Of course I have. I've got it right here." and she said, "Turn to page 13. Do you see that witch silhouette? Do you think that we could make one?"
I flipped open my catalog, found the witch in question and said, "Absolutely."
In an effort to avoid work at all costs, make sure that there wasn't an easier way than trying to draw this witch, I checked the PB site. They provided lots of great party planning advice and free printables but the only cool witch silhouette was a teeny tiny one at the end of a sheet of printables. I don't give up that easily. I went to the PB Facebook page and asked if there was a pattern for the witch. Sadly, they responded that the cool witch silhouette was just a photographer's prop.
Eerily similar, no?! I printed it out, (right click the image above to do the same) took it to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.03771
Retrieved Text: I'll get the boring stuff out of the way right now - my name is Joe and I'm a newbie to tiling but in a former career was a construction superintendent (my finish carpentry skills being somewhat deficient my employer had to put me somewhere where I could be useful).
Thanks to the incredible wealth of information available on this site and John's new book, I feel well-prepared to tackle a major remodel of my master bathroom. I'll be starting it at the end of this month (April). Wish me luck! I hope to be able to practice the fine art of "standing around" with some style.
I plan on ordering a Kerdi shower kit from Tile-Experts.com. I'll be using Ditra for the main floor outside the new shower area. I hope it is as easy to use as it looks. (Yep, been to Schluter's site, viewed all the videos).
I'm lucky to have 2-1/2 baths so taking one out of commission isn't a real problem for me. The bathroom that is scheduled for an overhaul is appr. 9' x 8'. It will have one 3' x 4' shower with a full bench against one of the 3' end walls. My wife and I picked out our tile today, surprisingly this went very well and we both agreed on color, size, etc. without any arguing!
I'll post some pics once I get moving on the remodel. Thanks again to everyone that has shared their knowledge in these forums.
You have done your homework and came upon a great approch with the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.882145
Retrieved Text: I recently received a beautiful card from a friend made with this scallop circle card base and it inspired me to make my own!
revealing the inner part of the card!
I also punched out a circle at 2-1/4" and 2-1/2" for the outside pieces. You can also cut these on the Cricut.
1) Leave a comment below - Do you like the chalkboard trend? I like it!
Winner will be announced on September 14, 2014 and has two weeks to claim prize. U.S. Residents only, please, over 18. Void where prohibited.
Cute card. I like the fold. Yes I like the chalkboard look.
Great card and thanks for doing the instructional video!
Great style of card. Like the interlocing scallop part. I like the chalkboard look.
This is going to be a "go to" card style, really cute. Like the chalkboard trend so much I painted a space on my wall. Thanks for all you do for us.
I love everything chalkboard. I painted rectangles on jars to label what's inside. Fun!
I love your scallop circle card and the chalkboard font. Thanks for the inspiration and a chance to win!
I love this card. It is so cute. I'm going to have to try it. I do like the chalkboard trend.
Really cute card! Loved the video! Thanks for sharing your time, talents, and ideas with us.
I'm not sure yet - as usual, I am WAY behind the trends! LOL!
Love this card! What a unique holiday card!
Very cute card! Love the ideas. I am just now ordering my circut, so I love to see what everyone

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.81094
Retrieved Text: A couple of months ago I picked up these items from a thrift store. I had no idea what I would do with the fax paper, but couldn’t pass up such a great deal.
I had a small curtain rod in my stash. I cut the rod down to size and mounted the hardware on the inside of my cabinet door. THEN—I got distracted with other projects when I couldn’t find the perfect metal plate to span the length of the door.
A month later, I revisited the situation. . . .
I decided to use some scrap pieces of thin plywood. There is no rhyme or reason to their width, other than that’s the size they were in the scrap pile. I cut them to length on the compound miter saw, then applied a couple of quick coats of chalkboard paint. HINT: I keep a sponge applicator loaded with chalkboard paint in a plastic baggie. For this project, I didn’t even have to break out the can of paint. The loaded sponge brush was plenty.
After the chalkboard paint dried, I started some small brad nails on the ends of the thin plywood so I could install them on the inside of the cabinet door.
I added the wider piece at the top, and the narrow piece at the bottom. You can see I also installed a stick-on pen on a chain.
This is going to be the perfect solution for me. It seems I’m always making lists, but can rarely find my notepad(s). The paper easily pulls through and tears

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.63507
Retrieved Text: Some of you may know that I used to work for the Children's Museum of Bozeman. I oversaw their STEAMlab when it was just getting started. I helped develop curriculum, built cool projects and helped select and install many of the cool gadgets they have in the lab, from network equipment and laptops, to 3D printers, Arduino kits and more. I still try to help out at the museum however I can and I was thrilled when they approached me to help them with a new exhibit.
It’s a Bug’s World is all about bugs. Kids can see live bugs, dress up as a bug and play in a large grass "forest", and race little mechanical hex bugs through a maze. What they wanted from me was an interactive wall with 5-6 different bug signs on it that would play the sound they make when touched and potentially light up. They wanted one of the signs to be a click beetle that was motorized to spin when touched. The exhibit will be up for at least a year, so it needed to be able to withstand the abuse of kids.
I experimented with capacitive touch sensors and LED strips that would go around each sign. After a couple demos, we decided to go with large arcade buttons rather than capacitive touch sensors to trigger the sounds and to limit the LEDs to a single firefly sign. The motorized click beetle seemed like a little much, so after some discussion we decided to go with a turn table that

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.947056
Retrieved Text: Motivate your kids to do well in school this year with a structured, tailor-made homework station.
Any home with school-age kids can benefit from a dedicated space for kids do homework and work on projects. A workspace could be in a child’s bedroom or in a common area where it can also be used for crafts or a home office. Be creative, make it age appropriate and get the child’s input.
We chose a 15-year-old girl as our inspiration, and worked with her favourite colour – purple.
1. Desk Start with a sturdy, well-built desk with storage, and a comfortable, supportive chair.
2. Light A desktop light or a floor lamp that shines onto the desk is important when your child needs to study the night before a big test or exam.
3. Files Upright file storage boxes keep on-the-go projects and regularly-referenced items handy, yet tucked away.
4. Pegboard Purchase a large piece of pegboard at a hardware store, along with metal pegs or wooden dowels. Paint the board in the color of your or your child's choice and secure it to the wall above the desk. Your child will use this to hang supplies.
5. Clamps Paper clamps can hang on the pegs to secure and organize your supplies.
6. Cans Reuse various sizes of tin cans by painting them and attaching them to the pegboard to store homework essentials, like pencils and markers. We used glue to fasten the cans.
7. Chalkboard A chalkboard is a place to jot down quick reminders or notes. Make a custom chalkboard to fit the space

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.810516
Retrieved Text: As I've made my visits around blogland, I've noticed that making your own chalkboard is quite a popular project. Not wanting to be left behind, I purchased a large piece of framed art. I cleaned it well and then covered the "painting" with newspaper. I painted the frame a pretty apple green. I've been wanting to use this color on a project since seeing it at the paint party. It really is a cheerful color. When the frame was dry I covered it. (Hint- Be sure there are no gaps where paint over-spray can sneak in and land on your freshly painted frame.) Next, I covered the painting with two coats of chalkboard paint. I let it dry for 24 hours then I rubbed the entire board with the side of a piece of chalk to break it in. I painted a stain on the frame. I like using these little stains that you can find in the craft store. They're water soluble and easy to work with. I worked in small sections at a time, making sure the stain gets into the details. Then I wiped off the excess. This gives the frame some character and the look of age. I want the piece to look like I picked it up at an expensive antique shop. All that was left was to hang it in a prominent place in my kitchen. My art had a brush stroke texture to it which means my chalkboard does too. I'm not sure if I love the textured look

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.803493
Retrieved Text: Here is an easy DIY summer project for you!
Take one old frame from thrift store/attic/friend’s attic + chalkboard paint + spray paint = Fun framed chalkboard!
Step 1: Obtain old frame from friend’s attic.
Step 2: Spray frame desired color. Spray insert (plywood, etc) with chalkboard paint.
Step 3: Reassemble frame and decorate with chalk! Hang in kitchen!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.735924
Retrieved Text: I am a procrastinator of a specific sort--I don't put things off until it's too late. I just put them off until it becomes a crisis to get them done by the deadline. I'm trying to be better. Really I am.
This was one of those projects that I finished just in time.
I've been wanting a chalkboard for my stairway that I can write quotes on for my kids to memorize (stole that idea from Shawni at Life). But I could never find one that was the right size, etc. Then I read Andrea's tutorial at Four Flights of Fancy, and she inspired me to make my own.
This frame was the perfect size and shape. I purchased this mirror at a garage sale many moons ago--like 150 moons ago. It was ugly avocado green with canvas trim, but I cute-ified it and it has hung in my girls' room or in the kitchen ever since.
I was going to get a piece of MDF cut to fit the frame, but I just used the glass. And it worked just fine! See?
It fits perfectly in that weird space between the window and the door, and it's the perfect place where my kids walk by it 100 times a day to remind them. Lily and Micah memorized this quote, and Tucker and Ben memorized another one (part of Jeffrey Holland's talk--"two paragraphs that ended with "Watch your step). These two quotes are going to be the topic of our Family Home Evening on Monday, and then we'll get two new

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.34954
Retrieved Text: Although incorporating chalkboard accessories and painted walls into the home is nothing new, I've been noticing chalkboard decor more and more lately, especially with accessories and furniture. How great would it be to have a giant wall to scribble notes and reminders on in the kitchen?! And how much would your kids love to draw all over the wall without getting in trouble? :) I've rounded up some fun ideas on how to incorporate this trend into the home as well as new accessories you can write all over!
Back of a bookcase - love this idea!
A chalkboard actually works perfectly in this simple yet sophisticated hallway.
On the back of the pantry door...very clever.
All of the above: New from Paper Source!
RoCoco Chalkboard Wall Sticker (looks fantastic against the bold painted wall).
Framed board - chic and functional!
Clever idea for bath decor - lean a simple blackboard in the corner and scribble favorite quotes, etc.
I have always wanted a chalk board in the kitchen!
I truly love all of these ideas... This past weekend I painted the outside of my daughter's closet door with the chalkboard paint. She adores it.. We can use it for chore charts, reminders, or simply for playing school.. I highly recommend this for anyone with children! And this weekend I will be painting my pantry door!
I love the idea of a chalkboard in a kitchen ~ so much nicer to write down things you need from the store instead of sticking a piece of paper under a magent on your fridge or that evening's dinner

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.29601
Retrieved Text: Converted small space under stairs into a wine closet. (Note the slanted ceiling.) Built the cabinet frame from 3/4 plywood and trimed it with hardwood. Had to allow for a return register on the right wall. So I made a register from radiator screen from big box store. Framed and painted it black and tied it into the wall duct. On top of register I made a storage area with door. I bought a granite scrap that I had cut to fit for a counter top. Then collected old wine crates that were going to be thrown away to make a back splash.
Mine has a vent at bottom. You could construct one on the side to vent the back out the front similar to what I did for the duct.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.06926
Retrieved Text: I’ve said it before, but I will say it again. You can never have enough storage.
But, here’s the dilemma. When we say “you can never have enough storage,” what does that mean? Do you need more drawers, more cubbies, doors to hide things behind, shelves to stack things on, baskets, boxes…what do you NEED?
BUT wait…there’s more!!! (I sound like a 3AM infomercial hahahaha) This isn’t the only combination storage piece I’ve made. So if you’re looking for more storage combos, check out these projects, too!
But if you’re ready to tackle this particular monster storage solution, let’s get started 🙂 By the way, the overall dimensions are 17 ½” deep, 40” tall, and 83” wide. So it really is a monster, but it would look awesome in a family room!
This post contains affiliate links for your convenience. If you purchase from these links, I may receive a small commission at NO extra cost to you. Please see disclosure policy for more information. Thank you for supporting this site!!
First, I ripped one sheet of ¾” plywood down to three 16” wide strips using my circular saw and rip cut. Then, I cut one other 16” strip from the second sheet of plywood. The rip cut is really helpful to rip all three pieces down quickly to consistent widths.
From these strips, I cut 4 pieces at 39 1/4” and 4 pieces at 31 ½”.
I drilled ¾” pocket holes in the ends of each of the four 31 ½” pieces like shown below above.
Then I attached them using 1 ¼”

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.953686
Retrieved Text: I'm SO excited to show you today's project! One of my favorite things to do as a little girl was visit my Grandma's house. My Grandma is super creative and would spend hours with me making doll houses out of cardboard, fabric and her glue gun. So making a doll barn made me totally nostalgic and excited to spend time with my little girl playing with dolls. My daughter is four and loves to play with dolls but she really loves playing with the doll horses so I thought it would be fun to build her a house that her horses and dolls could live together.
I told Ana all about my doll barn dreams and she came up with a great plan to make it a reality! The barn fits perfectly on the library cubby base and it brings the house to the perfect height for play and gives some great storage space.
Start by building the bottom box. I used my kreg jig.
Then I added the middle board with pocket holes and screws. This is actually out of plan order but it was hard to fit the drill in if the top boards were already on.
Then add the very top level. I would suggest priming and painting this board before attaching it because it was so hard to paint in that little crevice after the barn was built!
Build the little side roofs.
Then screw in the top roofs and little scrap 1x6s for the barn details. The angles were a challenge and if you look close you

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.652462
Retrieved Text: My friend Stacy from Not Just a Housewife does a monthly series called Styled X3, and I am honored to participate this month!
This post contains Affiliate Links, read more.
Stacy selects an item for the month and then ships it to two other bloggers plus herself. Then all three style the item anyway they wish, and you can stop and check out all three different ideas! I love following this series, it is so fun to see how the same item can be used in different ways, and it always give me great inspiration.
Stacy sent Michelle (4 Men 1 Lady), and myself a set of Numbered Leather Coasters .
I think they are super cute, and my first thought was coat rack...so I went with it.
I used some cut off scraps (they are almost the same width as 1x2's and started by measuring them around my chalkboard. I marked where to cut, and then used my miter saw to get them the length I needed.
Then I drilled 3/4'' pocket holes with my Kreg K5 Pocket-Hole Jig in the small side pieces. I used glue and 1 1/4'' pocket hole screws to attach them to the top piece.
I decided to test it by doing a dry fit and see what I thought. I liked it, but it felt a little...not finished.
So I grabbed some scrap 1x2's and cut two of them 1/2'' longer on each side and put one on the top and one in the middle. Ahhh, much better.
Next, I attached the top frame to the middle 1x2

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.535625
Retrieved Text: Geoff Mclarty from Evangel Assembly of God in Wichita, KS brings us these great chalk grids that subtly form a cross.
They wanted to make a stage element that would fit with their three week Easter sermon series, but could also be used throughout the spring and then repurposed. They have a large stage (52′ wide and 28′ high) which gives them plenty of space to work with. They have a stage curtain and wall with a cross behind the curtain, so using the existing wall was not do-able. They needed something that was sturdy on stage, but could be taken down if needed.
Using some inspiration from Chalk and Paper Strips by Oasis Church, they started charting out a massive chalkboard wall. Because of the previously mentioned drum cage and the angles of two side walls, they determined that making a 40′ wide wall would work, but the challenge was what to do with the 28′ high back wall. Cost prevented them from making something to cover it all, so they decided to make it 8′ tall, which worked out well.
They first laid out frames of the 2×8 studs and screwed them together with deck screws. They made the frames in 8’x8′ sections and braced the center with a trimmed 2×8. So each section took 5 studs. They made sure to shorten one side of the frame so that there would a slight over hang of the plywood sheet. This helped them slide each frame together with minimal gap in between. Then they screwed 2 of the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.505905
Retrieved Text: It cost two dollars and 42 cents, which is cheaper than a cup of coffee these days. When I saw this shabby chic porcelain frame (with emphasis on the shabby) at our local Value Village last week, I just knew it was destined for grander things.
The advantage of corks for hanging a photo, besides their nifty visual appeal, is the ease of changing the images. You could use a large-format version of this project for holiday cards or children’s artwork, while smaller ones work well for family snaps that you want to switch with frequency. They also look great in multiples, as shown here.
This project is fast and easy once the supplies are rounded up, and is a great way to up-cycle well-used frames and get more life out of wine corks. Any size frame will work, though I’ll note that 5X7 was a good fit for the corks, including a sideways row. You’ll also need about twice as many corks as you think, given their variance in thickness and length. The trick is to play around until they fit neatly, and to make subtle trims with a very sharp paring knife in any corks that are too long or wide, in places where the cuts won’t show.
I removed the glass so that if I decided later on I would rather have a picture frame without the corks, I could pop them out with the paper and reinstall the glass.
Tinker with the corks you have on hand, trimming as needed with a paring knife, until they

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.429585
Retrieved Text: I still cannot believe that it took me just one month to complete my kitchen makeover. Continuing from where I left off in the last post, my second concrete top for the sink turned out beautifully, in fact now that all three pieces are done, I can say that the sink piece came out the most perfect.
Tho ... the plumbing took me quite a bit to get right. To be exact about 4 hours plus going back and forth the hardware store to get the correct stuff. Luckily the hardware store is just outside my condo.
Cutting a hole on the stainless steel sink for the faucet outlet ... the day when sparks flew!
This part is the most difficult to get right. The angles were tricky.
But ahhhh ... WATER at last!
And finally my final piece of concrete countertop went in with the help of some muscles ... my 2 brothers and husband!
Next stage is to complete the backsplash. I wanted the industrial theme and so I went with chalkboard. I measured up the wall with paper and used it as a template to cut the holes for the electrical outlets in the plywood which I wanted to use as chalkboard.
I got a chalkboard recipe of 1 part unsanded grout + 3 parts latex paint from youtube and proceeded to paint the ply.
I then torched and painted some pine planks to make a feature wall.
Some gear imprints I added on the concrete. You can also see the imprints on the wood as I framed the backsplash with the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.381363
Retrieved Text: Summer Fun List – framed summer activities checklist #michaelsmakers | We have been counting down the days to summer and are pretty excited to celebrate the official first day next weekend. Each summer we have lots of fun things we would like to try and fit in our schedule – some simple treasures, a couple favorite traditions, a few actual trips and a whole lot of everyday fun.
I fancied up our Summer Fun List a bit – instead of just penciling in the activities on our calendar. The project was inspired by my first monthly challenge with the all new Michaels Makers Blogging Team. I am thrilled to say the least to be one of the 30 handpicked bloggers chosen by Michaels to participate this year!
Michaels recently revamped their online shipping site and added some pretty cool features – like free shipping to local stores , project ideas and one click shopping lists. I was pretty excited to try the one click shopping option and ordered all of the supplies for our framed Summer Fun List – based off the chalk message board project.
Step One: Take the frame apart. The frame consists of the glass, backer board and a cardboard ‘spacer’ – which will actually be used for the chalkboard background.
Step Two: Paint the cardboard piece with chalkboard paint and let dry. Since this piece is just being used for the frame background, only one coat of paint is needed.
Step Three: Season the chalkboard surface by rubbing it with a piece of chalk and wiping with

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.15299
Retrieved Text: One day, my little guy will get too big *sniff, sniff* for his nursery and we'll have to send him off to the guest room. While this is not happening anytime soon, the guest bedroom does need a dresser for our guests. I figured that I might as well plan ahead and get a dresser that will eventually be for my son to use. Keeping with the nautical theme that we used for his first birthday party, I've decided to hack an Ikea Tarva dresser to match this someday, nautical-themed, kid's bedroom.
Now, there are A LOT of beautiful Tarva updates all over the internet and I decided that the "framed" drawer was my favorite update. This very simple dresser looks much more put together when the drawers have that small update. This project was a big project for me, as I'm not familiar with painting furniture. Sanding, priming, sanding, painting, waiting... I'm just not that into it yet. Buuuut, I figured I'd go out of my comfort zone to see what I could do.
I figured that it would be easier to frame and paint the drawers before assembling the dresser, so that's where I started. During my online research of painting Tarva's pine wood, some people came across problems with the knots still leaking a bit of sap through the paint. My favorite (former) DIY bloggers, YHL, presented a solution to this minor problem.
First, cover knots with wood filler, let dry, sand, then paint a thin coat of wood glue on top. This should help seal

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.090607
Retrieved Text: You may realized that today is not a $3 Thursday. I didn’t want to share more cards so I thought I would share this thrifty calendar. It is made a few items that cost under $3 so close enough for me….
This was my original idea for the earth day revamp contest but I’m sort of glad that I finished it after the fact so I have it in my home now.
I made a perpetual calendar with metal flashing, game pieces and some scrabble tiles all in a framed vintage chalkboard.
I used a frame I picked up at the Goodwill outlet. I think it was just over $2. I don’t remember for certain as it was priced by the pound.
I had a vintage chalkboard with a thin, plain frame. I did have to cut it down a little bit to fit the frame but I made sure to keep the cool horse graphic on it. I’m assuming it is a horse of some sort. I can’t read any name or anything else that might lead to the reason for the horse.
I attached a scrabble tile holder above the calendar and picked up all the tiles needed for each month.
I used four pieces of metal flashing for a magnetic surface for the calendar. The letters are vinyl scrapbook stickers.
The number pieces are from a game I picked up at the thrift store. I had to cut the pieces in half to get just one number. I sometimes look at games to see what type of game pieces they

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.020386
Retrieved Text: Cabin Sole — O'Day Mariner #1922 "Orion"
All boats have a common problem - they leak, whether it's a lot or just a few drops. My boat weeps water near the V-berths - I suspect the foam is waterlogged (that will be replaced next year). Other problem areas include the centerboard pivot bolt, thru-hulls, portlight frames, improperly bedded hardware... you know the deal. I got tired of having gear slide off of the berths while sailing and then get wet in the small puddle that had accumulated in the forward bilge. Therefore, I decided to make a new cabin sole that could be removed in a hurry, yet it would be stable and look nice.
I had originally thought to make it out of mahogany boards, but after a conversation with my wallet, I decided to go for something just slightly less expensive - mahogany plywood. Still expensive stuff, but at least I could use the leftover plywood for new hatchboards.
The first part of the project was to make stringers to put on the actual sole of the boat - these in the pictures are just plywood prototypes duct-taped into place. I'll be using G-10 with slots cut out for the permanent addition. I used the technique of "story-boarding", or "story stick", or "joggle stick", or whatever you want to call it. I was able to duplicate all the curves of the boat extremely accurately. I learned all about it in the January/February edition of the WoodenBoat magazine - it's a 19th century technique, and it works very

================



======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Remove soap scum from shower door.

Choice 1: Rub hard with bed sheets, then rinse.

Choice 2: Rub hard with dryer sheets, then rinse.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 56.814888
Retrieved Text: remove soap scum from shower door soap scum on shower doors remove soap scum from shower doors vinegar remove soap scum from plastic shower door.
remove soap scum from shower door clean soap scum off shower door soap scum off shower doors and prevent it from coming how to remove soap scum from fiberglass shower doors.
remove soap scum from shower door how to clean bathroom shower doors medium size of glass shower glass door removing soap scum remove soap scum shower door.
remove soap scum from shower door remove soap scum from shower doors with 3 ingredients removing build up soap scum shower doors.
remove soap scum from shower door removing soap scum from glass shower door full size of best glass shower door cleaner clean removing soap scum how to remove soap scum from fiberglass shower doors.
remove soap scum from shower door fancy how to get soap scum off shower doors off shower doors easiest way to remove how to remove soap scum from fiberglass shower doors.
remove soap scum from shower door how to remove soap scum from glass shower doors clean door easiest way off remove soap scum from plastic shower door.
remove soap scum from shower door soap scum shower doors a best of removing soap scum from shower doors remove soap scum from shower doors vinegar.
remove soap scum from shower door clean soap scum off shower door photo 4 of best ideas about soap scum removal on remove soap scum from shower doors vinegar.
remove soap scum from shower door removing soap scum from shower doors 4

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.283237
Retrieved Text: Glass shower doors seem to be a source of major frustration for many homeowners. Shower doors have a knack for developing a thick buildup of soap scum that can detract from their overall appearance and make them look dirty. If you’ve grown frustrated with trying to keep your glass shower door looking pristine, the following tips were designed to help you gain control of this problem.
What good is having a beautifully decorated bathroom if your glass shower door looks dirty and covered in grime? Use these five tips to help make your glass sparkle and shine.
Soap scum takes much more than elbow grease to remove. The right products are required for cutting through this thick residue. Vinegar is one natural and safe product that is effective at cutting through stubborn soap scum. Mixing white vinegar with a little dish soap can create an easy and effective shower door cleaner. Simply spray this mixture onto your shower door and let it sit for several minutes before you wipe it away.
If you clean your shower door at the right time, you won’t have to exert quite as much effort to get the job done. The best time to clean your glass shower door is immediately following a shower. The steam from the hot water will have already begun to loosen the soap scum for you, making your job a little easier.
Citrus products such as lemon and orange oils have naturally existing cleansing and disinfecting properties. You don’t even have to purchase commercial products containing these oils. If you

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.135597
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 10:28:56 pm at 04/24/2019 10:28:56 pm in Soap Scum Off Glass Shower.
soap scum off glass shower soap scum on glass clean soap scum off shower door gallery of how to clean soap cleaning soap scum off glass shower door.
soap scum off glass shower door,how to get soap scum off glass shower door,what takes soap scum off glass shower doors,getting soap scum off glass shower doors,cleaning soap scum off glass shower door,how do you get soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower screen,cleaning soap scum off glass shower doors,best way to clean soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower doors,how do you clean soap scum off glass shower doors.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.80815
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 12:18:22 am at 04/26/2019 12:18:22 am in Soap Scum Off Glass Shower.
soap scum off glass shower how to clean soap scum off shower doors cleaning tips doors cleaning soap scum off glass shower door.
get soap scum off glass shower doors,getting soap scum off glass shower doors,cleaning soap scum off glass shower door,soap scum off glass shower door,cleaning soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower screen,best way to clean soap scum off glass shower doors,how do you clean soap scum off glass shower doors,what takes soap scum off glass shower doors,removing soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower doors.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.623463
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 08:38:55 pm at 04/22/2019 08:38:55 pm in Soap Scum Off Glass Shower.
soap scum off glass shower how to get soap scum off glass shower doors for simple remodel sweet home 93 with how to get soap scum off glass shower doors what takes soap scum off glass shower doors.
cleaning soap scum off glass shower door,best way to clean soap scum off glass shower doors,removing soap scum off glass shower doors,best way to get soap scum off glass shower doors,soap scum won't come off shower glass,how to get soap scum off glass shower door,cleaning soap scum off glass shower doors,what takes soap scum off glass shower doors,how do you clean soap scum off glass shower doors,get soap scum off glass shower doors,soap scum off glass shower door.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.222874
Retrieved Text: Was your bathroom more of a tropical steaming jungle when you left the house this morning? Did you get enough time after shower to clean the foggy shower glass or is this on the weekend’s to-do-list?
A bathroom that looks lavish and luxurious is always gratifying to the eye, especially when it has sparkling shower glass doors. Nevertheless, from time to time erasing the calcium hard water spots and soap scum from the glass can be strenuous, but with daily frequent cleaning you shouldn’t require to use a large amount of elbow grease.
Situated in a damp and moisture-laden environment, shower doors are more susceptible to the growth of mildew. Not to mention the soap scum that rapidly accumulates and in no time you’ve got quite a cleaning job in front of you. Cleaning the shower glass isn’t the most famous of household chores, but is definitely one of the crucial ones. Shower doors at times can be extremely stubborn to clean, with hard water stains and spots. Something to consider is that it doesn’t matter how old the shower actually is, the appearance depends more on how it is cared for.
In order to keep a shower looking brand new, the first thing to do is to prevent the build up of hard water. Hard water stains can easily be prevented, however many people overlook their significance in the maintenance of a clean and tidy looking bathroom. Also known as ‘lime scale’, the hard water splashes result when the hard water droplets dry onto the glass surface. The

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.067005
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 09:48:53 pm at 04/24/2019 09:48:53 pm in Soap Scum Off Glass Shower.
soap scum off glass shower how to use dryer sheets to clean soap scum off shower doors what takes soap scum off glass shower doors.
soap scum won't come off shower glass,removing soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower screen,cleaning soap scum off glass shower doors,cleaning soap scum off glass shower door,how to get soap scum off glass shower door,how do you get soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower doors,best way to clean soap scum off glass shower doors,how do you clean soap scum off glass shower doors,best way to get soap scum off glass shower doors.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.974014
Retrieved Text: SCUMBAGS SHOWER CLEAN AND SEAL’s number one service is to provide a restoration and heavy duty cleaning service for your Shower screens and tiles. Tried a miriad of products to remove those waterstains, mineral deposits and even soap scum from your screens without success?... Glass shower doors create an open, clean feel in the bathroom, but not when there's an unattractive buildup of hard water stains and soap scum. These types of stains can leave permanent damage and etching on the glass. To avoid this problem, keep things crystal-clean with a few simple tips.
Glass shower doors create an open, clean feel in the bathroom, but not when there's an unattractive buildup of hard water stains and soap scum. These types of stains can leave permanent damage and etching on the glass. To avoid this problem, keep things crystal-clean with a few simple tips.... SCUMBAGS SHOWER CLEAN AND SEAL’s number one service is to provide a restoration and heavy duty cleaning service for your Shower screens and tiles. Tried a miriad of products to remove those waterstains, mineral deposits and even soap scum from your screens without success?
If you find soap scum on the glass of your bathroom shower anything but easy to deal with, you should try this vinegar magic potion recipe.
SCUMBAGS SHOWER CLEAN AND SEAL’s number one service is to provide a restoration and heavy duty cleaning service for your Shower screens and tiles. Tried a miriad of products to remove those waterstains, mineral deposits and even soap scum from your screens without success?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.313282
Retrieved Text: If your shower doors are starting to look opaque and murky, there are probably two things to blame: soap scum and hard water.
If you want to get the shine back in your glass, consider getting an off-the-shelf product that will get rid of the unwanted stains and scum, or try these really simple DIY solutions.
You can use baking soda and vinegar to simply clean your shower enclosure and get your aluminium shower doors looking great again.
Hard water occurs in many areas, and it’s generally just water that contains higher levels of calcium salts. But unfortunately, hard water can leave marks on your sliding glass shower doors. Luckily, acids dissolve the calcium, so it’s actually easy to fix.
You can buy limescale remover from the shops that contain phosphoric acid or other types of acid, but simple household vinegar and lemon juice will also do the trick, they just take a little longer to work.
You can put either one in a spray bottle and spray down your shower doors. Leave it on for a few minutes then wipe it off for clean doors.
Your shower gel, shampoo, conditioner and body cream can all contribute to dirty shower enclosures. But unlike residue from hard water, soap scum can be harder to handle. You need a more abrasive cleaner to get rid of the buildup.
Again, you can use store bought scourers. Or you can use baking soda to clean your shower. Add a bit of water to the baking soda to make it into a paste and then apply the paste

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.18638
Retrieved Text: At Fulton Distributing, we know that restrooms can be one of the most difficult areas to maintain and we are here to assist you by providing clean and sanitary solutions. With this in mind, we offer a variety of cleaning chemicals including disinfecting bowl, urinal, and shower cleaners, along with all of your other restroom surface needs. These products effectively remove soap scum and water spots while disinfecting and deodorizing even the toughest areas. Having mold and mildew problems? We carry chemicals that will control this issue with powerful whiteners keeping your tile and grout sparkling clean. Don’t forget odor control options such as urinal screens and air fresheners for the ideal finishing touch. We also carry a complete line of feminine hygiene products for your convenience.
A one-step 9.5% acid disinfectant with mint fragrance designed to clean, disinfect, and deodorize vertical and horizontal surfaces. Helps remove soap scum, mildew stains, hard water deposits and uric acid without excessive scrubbing.
Non-Acid Disinfectant Bathroom Cleaner for everyday use. Cleans, disinfects, and deodorizes toilet bowls, urinals and other restroom surfaces. Effective against the AIDS and Hepatitis B Viruses. Unique fresh scent.
Ready-to-use, acid based formulation with unique foaming ability for shower rooms, restroom and locker rooms.
A bright red, ready-to-use, non-acid liquid drain and sewer cleaner plus maintainer. Will help prevent common sludge build-ups of grease, fats, paper, tobacco, soap, scum, etc. Does not contain corrosive acids and is safe to use in garbage disposals, septic tanks without harm to plumbing.
23% hydrogen chlorine based. Removes stains, rust, and organic buildup.
Liquid crème cleanser

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.149883
Retrieved Text: Do you cringe at the thought of cleaning your shower glass doors? Do you have stubborn streaks and spots and maybe even a green tinge that all refuse to budge until you scrub with all you’ve got? Well, you don’t have to scrub for hours on end, there are some rather easy methods of cleaning your shower doors so they sparkle and shine just like they did when they were new.
Vinegar is the perfect cleaner for soap scum and hard water spots. All you need to do is dip your sponge or rag into white vinegar. Coat the door and continue applying the vinegar. Do your best to keep wet vinegar on the shower door for at least five minutes. This will allow the hard water build up and the soap scum to dissolve and become a problem of the past.
If you have stubborn problems, you can try boiling the vinegar and then applying it. Just be very careful doing this.
Once your door is clean, rinse it with warm water.
Soap scum is harmless, but mildew (or mold, which is actually the same thing) might hurt you. This black, pink, or green growth likes to show up your shower doors, particularly around the edges. Mildew is actually a fungus and if you are allergic to mold, it might make you sick.
No matter what you call it, you can easily get rid of mildew with either hydrogen peroxide or chlorine. All you have to do is spray it on the area and wipe it and it kills the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.89166
Retrieved Text: one piece bathroom vanity tops factory direct one piece vanity top bathroom vanity top sink one piece bathroom vanity tops.
glass shower door hinge gasket shower heavy glass shower door glass shower door hinges adjust glass shower door hardware home glass shower door hinge gaskets.
basco shower door dealers delta rain glass shower door com small bedroom and bathroom floor plans.
how to hang a shower curtain interesting inspiration bath curtain rod best hanging rods ideas on how to hang installing shower curtain rod into tub surround.
how to clean soap scum off glass shower doors picture best product to clean soap scum from glass shower doors.
bathroom vanity door handles bathroom vanity door handles bathroom cabinet door handles bathroom cabinet door hardware.
75 shower curtain i high quality bath curtain print vintage rustic brown faux wood shower curtains 75 inch long shower curtain liner.
frameless shower doors for tub enclosures x single sliding completely tub height shower door frameless shower doors tub enclosures.
24 inch shower door standard euro continuous hinge pivot shower door in brushed nickel with 24 chrome shower door handle.
sonia bathroom vanity play ceramic 1 hole drop in vanity sink white sonia europa bathroom vanity.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.738575
Retrieved Text: We've got a real problem with soap scum build up in the shower and the tub, mostly because we use actual soap instead of body wash or some other liquid petroleum based product that doesn't leave a film.
I know this is one reason why people are using body washes over soap because they don't like the film left behind from bar soap. But, the cost is one of plastic packaging and expense for buying a product that is mostly water. Not to mention the petroleum-based product you are using on your skin.
So, what's a conscientious consumer to do? Let it build up for a couple of years like we do? No, that's really not a good answer, but I hate scrubbing the walls and tub mostly because it doesn't seem to do anything particularly if you are using a non-toxic cleanser. I don't care what people claim about baking soda or borax, but it doesn't do anything to budge the build up. And we have the softest water in the country. I'd hate to see what it would look like if we had hard water.
Anyway, a few weeks back before our vacation I ran across a product in our grocery store that claimed that it was a heavy duty cleaner for scrubbing away soap scum and mildew on porcelain tile and grout. I finally got around to test driving it out over the weekend.
It is called the Earthstone BathroomStone which claims that it is 100% eco-friendly and 100% non-toxic. It's basically like a soft pumice stone

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.559536
Retrieved Text: A tiled shower is one of the areas in the house that is almost always in need of our attention! Wouldn’t you love it if every morning, your shower felt fresh and clean? Instead, soap scum and other grime build up, causing our shower’s state of cleanliness to be not-so-pleasant… But fortunately there are many ways in which we clean shower tiles. Below you’ll find three easy tips for doing so! The most amazing tile cleaning in Austin, Texas is cleaned by The Steam Team.
Soap scum can be difficult to remove from your shower tiles, especially if they haven’t been cleaned in a while. You’ll have to find a cleaner suitable for the job, and scrub away what you can! Whatever you can’t get to, a steam cleaner can help with!
Grout will also need a bit of elbow grease… and by elbow grease, we mean scrubbing! First, create a thick paste with water and two tablespoons of baking soda. Use a hard-bristled toothbrush to scrub the paste into the grout (in a circular motion, not back and forth!). The Steam Team cleans all types of tile and stone. For marble cleaning call The Steam Team today.
Before this step, it’s important to rinse the walls of your shower with warm water to remove any excess soap scum! Then, dry everything completely. Drying off the shower walls and tiles will help reduce the growth of mold, mildew, and soap scum. So after you’re done cleaning, be sure to dry everything thoroughly- you’ll be thanking yourself in the long

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.534515
Retrieved Text: Cleaning a fiberglass shower can seem like a daunting task. Fiberglass showers are strong and durable, but over time they pick up soap scum and mineral deposits that make them appear dull and dirty. Harsh abrasive cleaners are not an option for fiberglass since they scratch the surface, permanently dulling and damaging the appearance. Using a squeegee after each shower will prevent much of the soap scum and minerals from forming deposits, but when cleaning becomes necessary, use these techniques to restore your fiberglass shower to its original appearance and keep it that way.
Keep a spray bottle filled with white vinegar in your bathroom. Spray the shower walls and floor with a generous amount of vinegar several times a week and let it air dry. This will eliminate much of the need for scrubbing later.
You can clean your fiberglass shower with shampoo or dish soap to remove mild soap scum and water stains. Mix white vinegar with a little shampoo or dish soap in a spray bottle. The soap keeps the solution from evaporating too quickly while the vinegar eliminates water deposits. Spray the solution on all surfaces and use a non-abrasive scrubbing sponge to clean the area. Rinse and dry for a clean shower.
When soap scum and water spots are visible, spray the shower with white vinegar. Then, dip a damp scrubby sponge in baking soda and scrub the shower floor and walls with it. Rinse thoroughly and use a squeegee or soft towel to dry. If you need a little extra power, use borax

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.256542
Retrieved Text: Make the best use of your limited bathroom space with these storage and organizing tips.
If you need more than shampoo and a bar of soap in the shower, here’s how to provide space for all your vital beauty potions: Get a couple of those shelves that are designed to hang from a shower arm and hang them on cabinet knobs. Use No. 8-32 hanger screws ($1) to screw the knobs into studs or drywall anchors.
You can add a corner shelf (or another soap dish) on existing tile. Stop by a tile shop and pick up a “flat-back” corner shelf unit (about $20). Then buy soap scum remover, double-face foam tape and a tube of silicone caulk. Clean off all the soap scum or the bond might fail. Apply a strip of foam tape on each mounting flange, stopping 1 in. short of the ends. Test-fit the shelf before you remove the wax liner paper from the tape. Shim any gaps with additional layers of foam tape.
Once the shelf fits squarely into the corner, apply the silicone caulk to the back edges. Locate a spot in the middle of a row of tiles (no horizontal grout lines running through the caulk). Then remove the liner, square up the shelf and press it against the tile. Once the tape grabs, let go, wipe off the excess caulk and then tool the joint with a damp fingertip.
If you keep your toothbrushes in the medicine cabinet stacked on a shelf, they probably fall out when you open the door. If

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.074955
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Cramer Shower Glass Cleaner Regarding Ideas 1. Post Title: Shower Glass Cleaner. Filename: cramer-shower-glass-cleaner-regarding-ideas-1.png. Image Dimension: 650 x 650 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Garrick Zieme. Uploaded Date: Tuesday - October 09th. 2018 13:18:05 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: interior.com. Shower Glass Cleaner 750ml Byretech Ltd Intended For Prepare 11. EnduroShield Glass Treatment Kit With 2 Oz Coating And 4 Intended For Shower Cleaner Ideas 7. Cramer Shower Glass Cleaner Regarding Ideas 1. Cleaning Shower Glass Made Easy EnduroShield Treatment Inside Cleaner Designs 6. Amazon Com Lainnir Shower Glass Cleaner Home Kitchen Pertaining To Prepare 10. Magic 28 Oz Shower Glass And Mirror Trigger Cleaner 3073 The Home Intended For Decor 0. How To Clean Soap Scum From Shower Doors DIY Throughout Glass Cleaner Plan 18. Win Glass Shower Door Cleaner In Prepare 19. How To Keep A Glass Shower Door Clean Inside Cleaner Decor 4. How To Clean Soap Scum Off Shower Doors And Prevent It From Coming Back Within Glass Cleaner Designs 9.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.884933
Retrieved Text: Daily Shower Spray Recipe - Easy, Inexpensive, Effective!
Save money and time by making this homemade daily shower cleaning spray recipe part of your daily cleaning routine.
Just a few quick sprays after the final shower of the day will keep mold, mildew, and soap scum away. Plus, it leaves your shower smelling fresh!
I’ve been using this homemade daily shower spray recipe for years, and figure it’s high time I shared it with you.
See, cleaning shower walls and glass doors is one of my very least-favorite chores. I’m short and can barely reach the top of the walls. I certainly can’t reach the shower head to aim it at the walls and rinse them after scrubbing. What a pain.
Fortunately, using this simple, all-natural daily shower spray means I rarely have to scrub anymore. Isn’t it wonderful when something that only takes a few seconds can shave off several minutes from your cleaning routine?
Choose the recipe that suits your shower materials. If you absolutely cannot abide the smell of vinegar — though it disappears once dry — the second recipe will get your shower clean but won’t leave the same shine.
Keep in mind, these homemade shower cleaning sprays are designed to be used between deep cleanings. The ingredients prevent mold and mildew while also eliminating odors and reducing germs.
Each of the daily shower cleaning sprays prevent soap scum but don’t get rid of soap scum that’s already there. For that, you need a homemade soap scum remover. Once the scum’s gone, this spray will keep it from coming back.
This

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.60256
Retrieved Text: Image Title: New Architecture Glass Shower Cleaner With Shameonwinndixie Com Pertaining To Ideas 9. Post Title: Glass Shower Cleaner. Filename: new-architecture-glass-shower-cleaner-with-shameonwinndixie-com-pertaining-to-ideas-9.jpg. Image Dimension: 585 x 329 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Winfield McCullough. Uploaded Date: Thursday - September 27th. 2018 22:59:19 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: interiordesign.net. Glass 10. With How 11. Cleaner Regarding Prepare Keep Shower For Door Of Remove And Made Medium Regard Intended From Tilex Bunnings Repellent To Daily Water 5. Treme Decor Oz 7. Cleaning 1. Scum Remodel Easy Rain Clean Pertaining Soap 5 Coating 15. Ideas Treatment 4 Twice Within Designs Product Experiences Size Plan Sparkling In Doors 8. EnduroShield 2 Reviews 0. 355ml Just Your 17. Year A Fresh X Secret Best Kit 12.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.505173
Retrieved Text: Use a lint roller to clean your lampshade. This makes it so quick and easy!
Remove water stains with a lemon.
Use a wet paper towel dipped in ashes to clean the glass on your fire place.
Use a window squeegee to get pet hair out of carpet.
Use corn meal to absorb grease.
Remove soap scum from your shower and tub with a dryer sheet.
Place burners in a ziploc bag with ammonia for an easy 'no scrub' cleaning method.
A mixture of water and baking soda will clean your oven door.
Use vinegar and baking soda to make your iron sparkle.
Fill a spray bottle with 50/50 vinegar and water then add a couple drops of dish soap. Wash windows then buff with newspaper for a streak free window.
Use nail polish remover to clean the gunk off your pans.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.799347
Retrieved Text: I believe that most of you will get annoyed when you find that your bathroom is full of soap scum. It will be getting worse if you can’t easily remove the soap scum and need a hectic effort to clean this mess. Nonetheless, you don’t have to worry because there are easy ways how to get rid of the soap scum in your home.
It is suggested for you to use the best soap scum remover as it has a powerful formula to kick out the soap scum in your bathroom. To save your money, you can make the formula by yourself with ingredients that you can easily find them in the shopping market.
To make powerful soap scum remover by yourself, you can choose one of the two alternative methods: using dawn/vinegar shine or baking soda shine. Here are the steps of making the best soap scum remover diy from the dawn or vinegar shine.
First of all, you need to heat 1 cup of vinegar and then mix it with the dawn. Spray it on the dirt tiles and wait for 30 minutes to make the remover work perfectly. Then, clean it with water and instantly, you will figure out your tile are free from soap scum!
The second method is using baking soda and using this method is as easy as the dawn or vinegar method! You just need to spray the baking soda over the dirty tub or tiles and quickly spray it with shower. Then, wait for about 10 minutes to let the formula work

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.387596
Retrieved Text: The Bi-Fold Shower Door, from the Shine range of Aqualux features a design that will harmonise perfectly with any bathroom setting. This shower door has a polished silver effect frame, which adds a touch of zing to the shower enclosure. It is made from 6mm thick toughened safety glass with an Aquagleam coating on it, to prevent limescale and soap scum deposits. It comes with a gel magnet door closing. Backed with 12 years guarantee from Aqualux, this shower door is sure to add to your bathroom elegance and your showering pleasure.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.32927
Retrieved Text: For a space that we rely on so heavily to keep ourselves clean, it’s amazing how dirty a shower will get before it sees some of that cleaning power on itself. If we’re honest with ourselves, the shower isn’t probably a favorite thing to clean in our homes. But if you do a few simple things each day and give it a decent cleaning each week, your shower will look sparkling and be sanitary with relative ease. Here are some tips on how to clean a shower easily and effectively.
If you’re lucky enough to have a doorless shower, go ahead and skip this step while you gloat at the rest of us. Shower doors aren’t easy to keep clean. They develop hard water spots and discoloration from water buildup pretty quickly.
To kickstart your shower door cleaning, dampen and then squeeze out a magic eraser.
Run a damp magic eraser along hard-to-reach cracks and crevices in the shower door frame. This will likely be gross if it’s been more than a week since you’ve cleaned these areas, but it will get easier and faster over time as you stay up on it. It’s recommended you include this in your cleaning regimen once a week for the shower.
Rinse out the magic eraser, then do the same thing in all areas around the shower door, inside and out. I’m amazed (and, frankly, embarrassed) at the amount of crud this yields. It’s a good idea to follow the magic eraser wiping with a dry microfiber cloth, to remove any extra water

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.20137
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 10:10:12 pm at 04/20/2019 10:10:12 pm in Smallest Shower.
smallest shower standup smallest shower stalls for small bathrooms.
best shower door soap scum remover,smallest shower stalls available,best shower door brands,smallest shower room,smallest shower stalls,smallest shower stall size,smallest shower stall made,smallest shower size,smallest shower tray,smallest neo angle shower base,smallest cubicle office space.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.109497
Retrieved Text: Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner #1 Amazing Scum Removing Cleaner Works Like Magic. Diy Soap .
Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner #5 I Was Skeptical, But This Stuff Works REALLY WELL! The Soap Scum Is History. Bathtub CleanerDawn Shower .
The image about Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner was posted at July 16, 2018 at 10:40 am. This image is published under the Shower category. Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner is tagged with Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner, Homemade, Soap, Scum, Shower, Cleaner..
scum (skum),USA pronunciation n., v., scummed, scum•ming.
a film or layer of foul or extraneous matter that forms on the surface of a liquid.
a low, worthless, or evil person.
The most troublesome affair after inhabit or redevelopment put the outfits and the house or house is always to arange the Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner belonged to the total household. It really is much more challenging than simply taking good care of transferring correspondence as well as other administrations. Pick units and assure its rewards aren't effortless, particularly of moving house inside the process. Within the bedroom, as an example, the attire is usually not just used to shop all apparel.
Be sure the style of your Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner meets the articles of the area. the cabinet must also unsightly, although yes, as the challenge is not just fit and never have to eating place. Presently, as well as available superior wardrobe with around nearly attain the threshold, there are also little. But, long lasting option, ensure that your selected wardrobe and harmoniously easily fit into

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.882896
Retrieved Text: Drain: Pour vinegar onto a scrub brush small enough to get inside the disposal. Sprinkle the brush with baking soda, then scrub to remove odors and built-up crud, says Mary Findley ofGoClean.com, a former pro cleaner and author of The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Green Cleaning.
Shower: Findley’s shower deep-clean regimen: Bring vinegar to a boil, then use it to wipe down the shower door and walls. Keep them damp by wiping them down every 5 to 8 minutes for 30 minutes. Then, dampen a nonscratch sponge in vinegar, sprinkle with baking soda, and scrub. Rinse. Bye-bye germs, mold, water spots, and soap scum!
Wood furniture: Use 1/4-cup white vinegar mixed with 1-cup olive oil — plus a few drops of lemon or orange oil, if you wish — to clean and condition wood furniture, Reichert says.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.676445
Retrieved Text: Showers are naturally damp places. Over time, moisture and the products we use to clean ourselves turn into soap scum and hard water deposits. Cleaning our shower doors and keeping them that way just takes a little bit of time and a few common household products.
Many companies do not list ingredients. Look for labels like "Warning," and "Cautious." Those with the words "Poison" and "Danger" are the most likely to cause you health problems if not used safely.
Buy a commercial cleaning solution. A number of cheap, effective products are available at hardware, convenience, and cleaning stores. For serious soap scum—maybe in an apartment that wasn't cleaned before or neglected for a while—these may be necessary.
If your products contain chlorine or ammonia you're at risk for respiratory sickness and irritation to the skin, eyes, nose, and throat.
Prepare a baking soda based solution. In a waterproof container, like a pitcher or larger measuring cup, pour in one half cup of baking soda. Next add a small amount of water and mix the two thoroughly. You want a paste-like consistency. If your solution seems watery, add more baking soda. If it's chalky and still dry in some bits, add small amounts of water and mix completely to get a smooth paste.
It's also possible to dunk a sponge in either of the non-toxic solution, and then rub down your shower doors.
Take a hot shower. The warmth and humidity will make it easier to remove any soap scum. If you don't want to take a shower, simply let the water run

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.479683
Retrieved Text: Over the years, a customer in Springfield, Missouri, had grown unhappy with the state of her shower. The reason? The walls, grout, door, and fixtures of the shower had, as shown in the pictures below, developed a covering of white haze and mold that was only getting worse with time. By now, the problem had become too conspicuous for her to ignore any longer, so she knew it was finally time to take action. After doing a little research on Tile and Grout Cleaners in Springfield, she concluded we'd be the best company for the job.
When we received her call, she explained her predicament to us in deeper detail. She knew the white haze was an accumulation of hard water and soap scum, but she didn't know the right way to get rid of it. Further, she told us the grout was missing in various areas of the shower. This was a problem within itself and it was made even worse due to the mold growth it had caused. What was she to do? After assuring her we'd be able to rescue it, she scheduled an appointment for us to come by a few days later.
Once we arrived, the customer told us she had tried anything she could think of to get it clean but had returned little to no results. She then led us to the shower so we could take a look for ourselves. As it turned out, she was right about this project requiring the help of an expert, though we assured her

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.24373
Retrieved Text: There are few home elements as classy and glamorous as glass shower doors. Whether it’s glass doors or an entire shower encased in glass, a glass shower gives your bathroom the appearance of class and luxury. Unfortunately, the upkeep required to maintain glass can be overwhelming, and allowing soap scum to accumulate can lead to a foggy appearance and irreversible etching. Thankfully, keeping glass shower doors clean and shiny doesn’t have to be as time-consuming as you may think, especially if you follow these tips.
The key to keeping your glass shower looking great is wiping down the glass after every use. This might seem like a hassle but should become a second-nature part of your routine after awhile. (They say it takes 30 days of repetition to form a habit!) The best tool for this job is either a squeegee or a microfiber cloth. Drying off your glass this way after every shower will help prevent streaking, soap scum, and permanent etching.
Daily shower spray products can also help keep your shower in top shape, and may lessen the negative effects if you go without wiping down your glass every once in awhile. You will find shower sprays available from a variety of brands but they are mostly the same. Daily shower sprays are meant to prevent mold, mildew and soap scum from building up. These are not a replacement for wiping down everyday with a squeegee or microfiber cloth but, when used along with daily wipe-downs, they can help prolong the amount of time between deep

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.912956
Retrieved Text: A cleaner and deodorizer designed to remove heavy build-up of water scale, soap scum, urinary salts, and rust from hard surfaces. Ideal for use in bathrooms.
An extra strength clinging bowl, tile, and porcelain cleaner and deodorizer designed to remove heavy build-up of water scale, soap scum, urinary salts, and rust from hard surfaces. Can be used to clean and deodorize wash basins, bath tubs, shower stalls, drinking fountains, toilet bowls, urinals, and sinks. Its clinging formula controls run-off for effective usage. This product contains no harmful hydrochloric or sulfuric acids.
TILE, WASHSTANDS, SHOWERS, FIBERGLASS, and STAINLESS STEEL: Always dilute product by adding 1 quart of product per gallon of water. Using a swab mop, sponge, brush or cloth; apply to wet all surfaces thoroughly. Rinse thoroughly with clean water after several minutes. Do not use on any surface, such as marble, that can be damaged by acidic materials. Many surfaces are not resistant to acid.

================



======= Instance Index 1097 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to make Special Dark chocolate Bar Chocolate Ice cream at home.

Choice 1: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can Capers, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Hershey's special dark syrup).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped Hershey's special Dark candy bars.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with dark hot fudge sauce.

Choice 2: In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Hershey's special dark syrup).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped Hershey's special Dark candy bars.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with dark hot fudge sauce.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 56.22248
Retrieved Text: Looking for the nutrition facts for everything on the Hershey’s menu? We have the serving size, calories, fat, protein and carbs for just about every item that Hershey’s offers.
To start, we’ve sorted their food offers into categories: Candies, Chocolate, Chocolate Milk, Cocoa, Dark Chocolate, Ice Creams, Milk, Puddings, Snacks and Syrup.
Is there a menu item from Hershey’s that we’re missing, or you’d like to see? Let us know!
The Candies on the Hershey’s menu with the lowest amount of calories are Kit Kat Minis (23 calories), Krackel Miniatures (45 calories) and Dark Chocolate Nuggets with Almond (45 calories).
The Candies on the Hershey’s menu with the highest amount of calories are Kit Kat Candy Bar (210 calories), Milk Chocolate Bar with Almonds (210 calories) and Kisses Hugs (210 calories).
The Candies on the Hershey’s menu with the lowest amount of total fat are Kit Kat Minis (1 g), Krackel Miniatures (2 g) and Dark Chocolate Nuggets with Almond (3 g).
The Candies on the Hershey’s menu with the highest amount of total fat are Milk Chocolate Bar with Almonds (14 g), Milk Chocolate Bar (13 g) and Special Dark Chocolate Kisses (12 g).
The Candies on the Hershey’s menu with the lowest amount of carbs are Kit Kat Minis (3 g), Dark Chocolate Nuggets with Almond (5 g) and Extra Dark Chocolate Sticks (6 g).
The Candies on the Hershey’s menu with the highest amount of carbs are Kit Kat Candy Bar (27 g), Milk Chocolate Bar (26 g) and Special Dark Chocolate Kisses (25 g).
The Candies on the Hershey’s menu with

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.671204
Retrieved Text: I don’t know about you, but there’s nothing better than a great Cannoli to make my day. I use to stop in this little Italian Bakery on the weekends to indulge my sweet tooth. I’ve tried to replicate their recipe without any luck. Theres something about the love and family tradition passed down from generation to generation that really makes them special. Ever since going gluten-free I haven’t been able to buy my favorite treat, so I decided to play around with a few recipes and make my very own. Ohh yeah I also one upped it and made it into ice cream Ya’ll can thank me later 😉 Cannoli Ice Cream with Orange Infused Dark Chocolate and Pistachios, just another reason why I refuse to let summer be over. Cheers to refusing to let summer leave!
In a blender add the milk, ricotta, sugar and cinnamon. Blend on high/max for about 2 min. We want the mixture to be light and creamy.
While the cream mixture is blending you can prepare the chocolate and pistachios. I used a Dark Chocolate bar that was infused with Orange but you can use whatever kind of chocolate you like. I love the flavor of the orange and dark chocolate. It reminds me of the traditional cannoli’s I used to eat. On a cutting board chop the chocolate into pieces. You can make the pieces what ever size you prefer.
Next shell and shop the pistachios into pieces. I prefer to leave these whole because I love the crunch when eating the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 51.576008
Retrieved Text: Double chocolate cookie with dark chocolate ice cream.
Double chocolate cookie with vanilla ice cream.
M&M sugar cookie with vanilla ice cream.
Chocolate chip cookie with strawberry ice cream.
Peanut butter chocolate cookie with dark chocolate ice cream.
Chocolate chip cookies with dark chocolate chip ice cream.
Chocolate-mint cookie with fresh mint ice cream.
Sugar cookie with vanilla ice cream.
A "magically delicious" 7 layer graham cracker, chocolate and coconut confection.
A melt in your mouth crust made with hazelnut and almond flours, with a touch of cinnamon, filled with raspberry jam.
Fudge brownies with ooey gooey caramel swirled in sprinkled with sea salt.
chewy white chocolate brownie with white chocolate chips and hazelnuts.
The original sinful chocolate fudge bar with a dash of delicious walnuts.
The ultimate in classic decadence. A rich and gooey chocolate fudge bar.
Pecans, honey and a sugar dough crust make this an all-time favorite.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 50.52142
Retrieved Text: Product Consists: Chandu Halwai Soan Papdi Chocolate Flavor Pack (Weight: 200 Gms), Almond (Weight: 100 Gms), Hersheys Creamy Milk Chocolate Bar (Weight: 40 Gms), Hersheys Cookies n Cream Chocolate Bar (Weight: 40 Gms), Cadbury Dairy Milk Silk Chocolate Bar (Weight: 55 Gms), Cadbury Bournville Rich Cocoa 50% Dark Bar (Weight: 31 Gms), Home Made Chocolate (Weight : 100 Gms) along with 3 Rakhis.
"Celebrate the occasion of togetherness with your loved one and gift them a combo which has set of three pearl beaded Rakhis along with chocolate delights. This special combo has chocolate flavor Soan Papdi, Hershey’s creamy chocolate milk bar, cookies n cream chocolate bar, Cadbury dairy milk chocolate, Bourneville rich cocoa dark chocolate along with homemade chocolate. Chocolates are everybody’s favorite, gifting a combo which is full of sweets will make your celebration go rocking and will be mesmerized for life. Make this special combo a part of your celebration and shower your love and blessing on your dear ones. Product Consists: Chandu Halwai Soan Papdi Chocolate Flavor Pack (Weight: 200 Gms), Almond (Weight: 100 Gms), Hersheys Creamy Milk Chocolate Bar (Weight: 40 Gms), Hersheys Cookies n Cream Chocolate Bar (Weight: 40 Gms), Cadbury Dairy Milk Silk Chocolate Bar (Weight: 55 Gms), Cadbury Bournville Rich Cocoa 50% Dark Bar (Weight: 31 Gms), Home Made Chocolate (Weight : 100 Gms) along with 3 Rakhis."

########
Rank: 4
Score: 49.512608
Retrieved Text: Funtastic Fridays Return Summer 2018!
There is gold in them there hills - or so the saying goes. Come pan for something more precious than gold, chocolate.
Be amazed as the Village Chocolate Shoppe is transformed into a sea of chocolate. Make your own chocolate fish. Help Ariel search for Nemo and Dory and get a special prize.
What better way to celebrate Battle Day. Choose from a huge variety of ice cream, gelato and a large variety of assorted toppings. Don't forget the whip cream and a cherry.
Delight as Frozen springs to life again at the VCS in this lively marionette retelling - packed with a flurry of stories, songs and sing-alongs. Make your own chocolate Sven to bring home. Come dressed as your favorite Frozen character and receive a special treat.
Come cheer us on as we attempt to make the world's largest chocolate domino chain. While you're there, make your own chocolate pizza.
So you think you have the best combination for a candy bar? Come in and try your combination. Choose from a variety of ingredients and put them together. Then watch your creation go through the cooling tunnel. This is our most popular event every year.
Last years wildly successful event is returning. Join us for a night of BINGO and fun - VCS style - complete with chocolate prizes. Learn how chocolate impacts your health. Free health screenings. All proceeds to benefit the Bennington Rescue Squad.
Show off your artistic talents by creating a masterpiece with chocolate paint. Perfect to keep or give as a holiday gift.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 49.356922
Retrieved Text: To my chocolate-fanatic husband, chocolate truffles are one of the world’s greatest treasure. Only chocolate ice cream surpasses such homemade goodness. Should I develop a knack for making ice cream, I am positive that my all my efforts will be appreciated, but exhausted in less than a week. Considering the source of the speedy consumption, I’d rather leave Jonathan in charge of learning how to make ice cream.
I attempted my first batch a few months ago but, they turned out completely unlike the shiny photo in my cookbook. They were too soft, misshaped and melted chocolate everywhere! Jonathan’s mom passed along this recipe to me, so I shared the result with her over Christmas. This time they actually held together!
I used a dark Russian chocolate baking bar with a deep cocoa flavor, balanced with just enough sweetness and dark chocolate cocoa powder over the unsweetened, just for a little extra flavor. When a treat is made of nothing but chocolate and heavy cream, what more can a little sweetener do really?
1: In a small saucepan, simmer the cream. Add butter and stir until completely melted. Break up the bar of chocolate and add the pieces one at a time. Stir until melted and smooth.
2: Remove from heat. Pour the chocolate into a shallow bowl and cool. Cover, then refrigerate for 2 hours.
3: Sift cocoa powder onto a large plate or parchment paper. Working quickly, form truffle mixture into 30, 1-inch balls. Roll over cocoa powder. Serve immediately or refrigerate in an airtight container. They also make

########
Rank: 6
Score: 49.265842
Retrieved Text: Luscious vanilla ice cream surrounded by an irresistible dark chocolatey coating.
Dark Chocolate is rated 4.2 out of 5 by 29.
Rated 2 out of 5 by Bojenkus from Messy I bought a 6 pack of Klondike Dark Chocolate and they were very tasty...but you had to eat in a hurry because there was no chocolate coating on the bottom of each bar. Just very minimal striping, unlike the sides and top..which were nice and thick. Its obvious Qulity Control was not on duty during this batch!!! Just holding it to eat caused ice cream on bottom to melt and drip in your hands.
Rated 3 out of 5 by Ice cream lover from Very disappointed My family has always been Klondike fans but a recent purchase this December of the dark chocolate Klondike bar has left us wondering about the product. The outer chocolate shell was noticeably thinner and all of my family noticed this on their own. I'm hoping this was a random batch with this thin shell but if not you may have lost a loyal customer.
Rated 1 out of 5 by KaiKai from Tasted like cheap wax and air. I bought this pack of 6 on 9/23/17 and they were awful. They had NO taste and the so called Dark Chocolate tasted like cheap waxy coco, disgusting. I had more than one of the bars to make sure it wasn't just that one bar but they all tasted like that. I have never had a problem with Klondike but these were terrible. The ice cream

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.951813
Retrieved Text: Haagen Dazs Chocolate Ice Cream.
Double Rainbow Strawberry Ice Cream.
Homemade chocolate chip ice cream sandwich.
Homemade vanilla bean ice cream with fresh blueberries, chocolate morsels and whole roasted almonds.
Wishing everyone a Happy 4th of July! God Bless America!
A solid choice if your looking for a good ice cream bar. The ice cream is nice and rich with great vanilla flavor. The chocolate coating is thick an scattered with almonds.
I liked this ice cream a lot. Very Minty and creamy and the chocolate was dark and rich.
I thought I'd give a second chance but the Magnum premium ice cream bar still isn't as good as Haagen Daz bars.
Thanks to our great friends at OXO for letting me test out these great LockTop containers. I've been using them on a daily basis for a over a month now and they are great. The lids snap on and are airtight. You can put your leftover avocado or guacamole in them and it will not turn that unappetizing grayish brown. I've also used the little ones to transport milk to go along with my instant oatmeal breakfast. These containers are also freezer and microwave safe too.
But the true test is how well do they hold up for storing ice cream. The key to storing ice cream is that the container has to be airtight so that the ice cream doesn't absorb any weird flavors you have going on in your freezer. Plus the container must be able to eliminate any moisture from getting in and creating frost on top of your ice

########
Rank: 8
Score: 48.906033
Retrieved Text: This gooey grain-free skillet cookie is super easy to mix up right in the pan–no bowl required! What are you waiting for?
Pass up the ice cream truck and make your own. These ice cream cookie sandwiches have a little bit of everything and a lot of deliciousness sandwiches between the M&M monster cookies.
What is better in the summer months than a cookie ice cream sandwich?
These marshmallow peanut butter cookie bars are filled with peanut butter cups, chocolate chips, and marshmallow fluff. Ridiculously rich and totally delicious.
Soft peanut butter cookies studded with chocolate chips are ready to make with ingredeints you probably already have in your cupboards. A perfect nutty and chocolate-filled dessert.
These soft chocolate cookies are sandwiched with a creamy peanut butter mousse-like filling. They’re about to be the favorite cookie at the party.
Chili Chocolate Crinkle Cookies a perfect spin on the usual chocolate cookies of the season. They’re a little, chewy, a little spicy and totally chocolate-loaded.
No scooping required, these brown butter cookie bars are loaded with dark chocolate chunks to make an insanely delicious dessert combo.
Planning for a cookie exchange or a holiday dessert spread? Check out our favorite cookies of the year. PS It’s National Cookie Day, get baking so you can celebrate.
What do you get when you combine the chocolatey bar form of a brownie with the ingredeints of an oatmeal peanut butter cookie? A brookie. A half cookie, half brownie, delicious dessert bar.
These soft peanut butter cookies filled with an irresistible peanut butter butterscotch filling.
In only a few minutes, you can

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.904465
Retrieved Text: Amoretti Premium Dark Chocolate Syrup contains no artificial flavors or colors, no artificial sweeteners, no trans-fats, no high fructose corn syrup, and is certified kosher. It is thicker, richer, and more concentrated than any competitive brand. One pump of Amoretti Premium Dark Chocolate syrup gives you the same burst of flavor as 2 or even 3 pumps of competitive brands, and we even include the pump! Amoretti Premium Dark Chocolate Syrup caters to adult tastes because of the semi- sweet, more intense chocolate flavor. Serve it over ice cream, gelato, or frozen yogurt, or mix it into plain yogurt for a dark chocolate taste treat. Amoretti Premium Dark Chocolate Syrup delivers a unique flavor when mixed into coffee to create a mocha, cold milk and ice cream to create an outstanding milkshake, and mixed into a mug of steamed milk for a special dark hot chocolate beverage. All without the cloying sweetness of other manufacturer’s dark chocolate syrups. Use Amoretti Premium Dark Chocolate Syrup in conjunction with various liqueurs to create sophisticated bar drinks. Creamy chocolate martini anyone How about a peppermint schnapps spiked hot chocolate, complete with a mini candy cane stirrer over the winter holidays Or perhaps a Cappuccino Cascade, a unique blend of your favorite espresso, Amoretti Premium Dark Chocolate Syrup, vodka and amoretto Try making some online or bartending book recipes you’ve had before, then create some of your own recipes to suit your taste. With so many liqueurs available whose flavors mix well with dark chocolate, the possibilities are endless!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.80069
Retrieved Text: Weight Watcher’s Ice Cream Treats!
You are here: Home / Great Deals / Weight Watcher’s Ice Cream Treats!
This month my family had the good fortune to be able to taste test Weight Watcher’s Ice Cream!
Weight Watcher’s & MomSelect sent us a cooler full of different kinds of ice cream treats!
But, ok, on to the ice cream! Well, it didn’t last long! That’s for sure! I moved it from the deep freeze to another freezer to another freezer trying to make it last – by keeping it kind of hidden!
That didn’t work out so well! Hubby & Bear, and my Mom and older son and his girlfriend, my DD and her kids! It was NOT long before it was all gone!
But, everyone loved it! Everyone said it tasted like regular ice cream – in fact, my DD’s kids loved it so much she wants to replace their regular ice cream treats with it!
Each of the treats have a PointsPlus value of 3 or less to help you snack smart in 2012 and stick to those New Year’s Resolutions.
Weight Watchers Dark Chocolate Raspberry Bars: Offering an indulgent combination of fruitful raspberry and dark chocolate, these bars are made with low fat raspberry ice cream with raspberries covered with a dark chocolate flavored coating. Each bar has aPointsPlus value of 2 per bar and just 80 calories- the perfect way to add flavor to your afternoon.
If you are looking for a “better for you”, snack or dessert – give these a try! You won’t be disappointed!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 48.691566
Retrieved Text: Any ice cream aficionado worth their weight in butter pecans will tell you: You haven’t had ice cream till you’ve had this! “[It’s] Stedman's favorite; mine, too,” said media maven Oprah Winfrey in 2002.
A Cincinnati bakery tradition for over half a century, the Cheese Crown danish inspired this cheesecake flavored ice cream with cinnamon sugar pastry pieces and fondant icing flakes for a wholly decadent treat.
Infused into every 2-gallon batch? A sizeable pot of rich, robust coffee made with 100% Arabica beans. It warms the spirit. Anytime. Anyplace. Which begs the question: Can you put ice cream in a Thermos?
Into our anything-but-plain vanilla ice cream. That’s where the Oreo® cookies crumble. Turns out, they’re not only milk’s favorite cookie; they’re ice cream’s, too. Result? Our anything-but-cookie-cutter cookies & cream.
Our chocolate essence is made from scratch in our kitchens using a proprietary blend of premium cocoas. It’s a secret family recipe. It has been for four generations. We’ve already said too much.
This isn't your great grandmother’s vanilla. That’s because it’s our great grandmother’s vanilla—Regina’s. The exact opposite of plain, it’s quite simply heaven in a cone. Or cup. Whichever you prefer.
Ours aren’t just fresh, juicy and mouth-wateringly sweet. They’re Oregon Totem Strawberries from Willamette Valley. So they’re superlatively fresh. Superlatively juicy. And superlatively mouth-wateringly sweet.
It’s Graeter's Black Cherry Chocolate Chip Ice Cream! Replete with sweet dark cherries from the Pacific Northwest. Chock full of our unmistakably chunky chocolate chips. Seriously, how could it not be your favorite flavor?
It’s our all-time best-selling ice cream flavor for a reason.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 48.42047
Retrieved Text: No Churn Coconut Milk Vanilla Ice Cream is made with only four ingredients and is topped with delectable chunks of the Atkins Harvest Trail Dark Chocolate Sea Salt Caramel Bar! This dessert is low carb and naturally gluten free.
Ice cream is the perfect treat for summer! Best of all, No Churn Coconut Milk Vanilla Ice Cream is made with only four easy low carb ingredients. Coconut milk, vanilla, coconut oil and a touch of sweetener combine to create a delectable and refreshing dessert to enjoy all year long. Blend all of the ingredients in a blender, pour into a freezer-safe container and freeze overnight. You don’t even need an ice cream maker. It’s that easy!
For this sweet treat, top simple vanilla ice cream with chunks of the Atkins Harvest Trail Dark Chocolate Sea Salt Caramel Bar. The Atkins bar is the perfect topping for this ice cream and contains a simple and nutritious blend of roasted almonds and peanuts combined with dark chocolate and sea salt caramel. The bars are packed with 8 grams of protein, 9 grams of fiber, only 1 gram of sugar and are naturally gluten free with no artificial colors, flavors or preservatives. Try one of the other varieties of Atkins Harvest Trail bars the next time you make this ice cream.
If you are looking for more low carb recipes inspired by Atkins, try my Instant Pot Lemon Garlic Butter Chicken Thighs or Double Chocolate Brownies.
Visit AtkinsEatRightNotLess.com to learn more about the “Atkins: Eat Right, Not Less” lifestyle book and explore more

########
Rank: 13
Score: 48.417988
Retrieved Text: Have you ever gotten wasted on chocolates?
Your tummy rumbles with satiation with every bite. You know all those efforts invested in working out will go to waste but your palate refuses to stand down. You get euphoric - almost as though drugged - as you continue burying your face in the very plate of celestial chocolate dessert presented before you. And all of a sudden, the sugar rush hits you. You smile, and that's when you know you've just gotten chocolate-wasted.
Thanks to The Dark Gallery, I have gotten chocolate-wasted on the day they spoiled me with a gourmet 8-course chocolate lineup. The signature item here is the dark chocolate ice cream - prized for its complex bitter-sweet balance as well as its high cacao content. Using ingredients sourced from selected bean-to-bar chocolatiers, The Dark Gallery creates an alluring array of indulgence to sweep its patrons off their feet.
From items to take home to artisanal confections to be enjoyed right away, the cafe has something for everyone to take pleasure in. Listed below are the best chocolate desserts at The Dark Gallery, MyTown Shopping Center you must try!
This platter features 3 scoops of sinfully rich cacao ice cream that come with a handy flavor profile which you can study while you indulge. It comes with a light and fruity 64% Madagascan, spicy 70% Dominican Republic with a floral note, and a bittersweet 72% Venezuelan.
This pastry combo drove me wild. It comes with a 66% Ecuador dark chocolate ganache tartlet, a 72% Venezuelan dark chocolate mousse trifle with

########
Rank: 14
Score: 48.40941
Retrieved Text: News that Grub can get behind: According to a study in Nature Neuroscience, an antioxidant found in chocolate could greatly improve memory skills — particularly among people ages 50 to 69. The best catch is that in order for the health benefits to kick in, you’d have to eat a “large amount” of dark chocolate. No problem, right? We’ve rounded up 15 excellent chocolate desserts — in the name of good health, of course.
Pastry wizard Kierin Baldwin pairs chocolate with poached pear, toasted walnuts, spiced fudge, and amaro gelato.
Don’t miss Einat Admony’s excellent desserts: The milky chocolate one’s delightful, as is the Moroccan-tea gelato with walnut-pistachio baklava.
Yes, the chocolate-chip cookie at this French bakery is superb, but so is the moist, molten chocolate cake — spiked with Earl Grey tea and topped with extra-rich chocolate ganache.
Chef Jacob Eberle is overseeing the pastry department himself — and his current menu includes a chocolate dessert with candied orange preserves and vanilla cream.
This might be the most expensive candy bar you’ve ever purchased, but the housemade treat — with dark chocolate and caramel — is miles ahead of a Caramello or Sky Bar.
Here’s something special: Kyoto-style coffee brewed directly with cinnamon and Aleppo pepper, plus a mixture of sweetened condensed milk and cocoa powder.
Need an excuse to eat yet another comforting chocolate dessert? Prune’s 15th anniversary should do the trick.
Even though Vic’s has been open less than a week, it already feels like a true neighborhood restaurant. Chef Hillary Sterling’s chocolate-cookie dessert — with chestnuts and cream — is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 48.393013
Retrieved Text: We’re sharing a round up of some of our favorite Valentine’s Day treats for you to share with your friends and sweethearts! You might be able to sense a theme running through all of the recipes, and it’s hard to say it isn’t there….While vanilla is our first love, chocolate plays a very special role when it comes to certain occasions. Our top recipes for Valentine’s Day feature our Gourmet Baking Cocoa and our Organic Dutch Processed Baking Cocoa, along with some other delicious ingredients like Organic Almond Extract, Pure Vanilla Extract (obviously) and our Organic Chocolate Extract!
The perfect Valentine’s Day recipe – spoil someone with these bite-sized treats! Rich and decadent chocolate perfectly complemented with Rodelle Pure Vanilla Extract and Organic Almond Extract. Watch how to make these truffles in an easy to follow video!
This warm, gooey pudding cake will take the chill off with its hint of sweet heat. The Mexican spices add an extra layer of flavor and really heats up our Valentine’s Day dessert!
These little cuties are easy to make, and even more fun to decorate! Whip up the dark chocolate base with Rodelle Gourmet Baking Cocoa, choose your favorite color for the vanilla buttercream frosting and enjoy!!
This easy, delicious hot fudge sauce is spiced with Rodelle Vanilla Extract, Rodelle Chocolate Extract and Rodelle Organic Ground Ceylon Cinnamon. It’s the perfect complement to ice cream, and it can be packaged up in individual containers for gifting. Perfect for a Galentine’s Day ice cream bar! Watch our How-To video with all the steps!
We’re

########
Rank: 16
Score: 48.254288
Retrieved Text: Popbar inside the Anaheim Packing District is a popular spot to visit. They offer gelato on a stick, and they dress it up with toppings and drizzles to your liking. It really isn’t anything special, but the fact that you can dress up your own “naked” ice cream pop makes it fun and specific to you. You can dip in chocolate half way, all the way, stick some nuts on there or other flavors. It’s all up to you, and it is all delicious. After getting your grub on inside the Anaheim Packing District, Popbar is a popular destination to get your dessert.
Hers was a pistachio pop with half dark chocolate and white chocolate drizzle. The dark chocolate had pistachio and the white chocolate had waffle cone crumbles. Mine was a chocolate bar with half dark chocolate with pistachios. The pistachio bits is a must. It’s rare to have pistachios at an ice cream joint, and I think more places need to offer it. The pistachio and ice cream/gelato was delicious. The chocolate mixed in with the gelato was good as well. The best was the waffle crumbles. It was like having a waffle come, but not.
Popbar is a delicious ice cream alternative to your average ice cream in a cup or cone. Their flavors are great together and it is fun to eat gelato on a stick. It does get a bit pricey though, and for the amount of actual ice cream you are getting, there are better places that offer more for your buck.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 47.612736
Retrieved Text: The day of green is marching upon us - for those of you who don't like glugging galons of green tinted beer and doing shots of irish cream at a crowded, sticky-floored bar, why not celebrate St.Patrick's Day with a bowlful of minty cool ice cream instead? This ice cream is a peppermint breeze to make - you only need a few ingredients... and an ice cream maker would help! They're well worth the investment, especially if you're a one-pint-a-week ice cream eater like myself.
A high quality chocolate bar - I used Lindt brand (100 grams).
1. In a medium bowl, whisk to combine the milk, cream, condensed milk, peppermint extract, salt and food colouring.
2. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and chill in freezer for 20 minutes.
3. Meanwhile, chop up the dark chocolate into shards using a heavy knife.
4. When your ice cream mixture is good and cold, pour it into the ice cream maker bowl and mix according to ice cream maker instructions. I churned mine for about 25 minutes.
5. Once ice cream is churned, fold the dark chocolate into the ice cream.
6. Enjoy your ice cream immediately - or, pour ice cream into an airtight container to freeze for later power-snacking.
Happy St. Patrick's Day, ice cream lovers!
Yum! This mint chocolate chip ice cream is the perfect way to celebrate St.Patty's Day or any other day!
WHOA...mint chocolate is my favorite flavor. I have to try this!
@amy - thanks so much!
Oh, man. YUM. I am doing the green smoothie thing right now but not this kind of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 47.567642
Retrieved Text: As a city, Wichita is already unlike any other, but what makes it especially intriguing are its unique features that entice foodies all over the country. Whether you’re looking to feed a sweet tooth or are in the mood to celebrate Valentine’s Day, Wichita offers some unique chocolate experiences.
If the pictures don’t already have you salivating, the flavor of these treats certainly will. Churn & Burn offers a chocolate churn (ice cream) & burn (coffee), which is a house-made chocolate and espresso frozen with liquid nitrogen. Patrons also love the rich hot chocolate made with cream, brown sugar, vanilla and milk. Add a shot of espresso for a “Rockin’ Hot Chocolate.” For a Valentine’s Day exclusive, try the red velvet ice cream by requesting it in the store.
Try a chocolate pairing in the Cocoa Dolce Artisan Chocolates Chocolate Lounge. The shop offers flights of three wines and three chocolates paired purposefully together to help accentuate the flavors between the two. Choose from a flight of white, a few reds or bubbles and then taste the corresponding chocolates.
Cocoa Dolce also offers several flavors of cheesecake including turtle, chocolate, and cookies and cream. Paired with a glass of bubbles or red wine, these can be the perfect end to a romantic evening. Enjoy these options in the Chocolate Lounge or at home.
Explore the fusion between red wine and hot chocolate with the shop’s signature Red Wine Hot Chocolate. It’s the perfect match of the warm, fuzzy, “I love this wine,” feeling with the “This hot chocolate is amazing,”

########
Rank: 19
Score: 47.514446
Retrieved Text: Celebrate National Ice Cream Sandwich Day on Tuesday, August 2nd with a special treat!
Remember the ice cream sandwiches you ate as a kid? The rectangular ones with the holes in the soft cookie, holding a brick of ice cream that looked like it was sliced out of a box? We think it’s time you traded in those plain, artificially-flavored sandwiches for something better. Something already topped with real chocolate and salted caramel…like a handheld special sundae. Something that’s all natural and free from preservatives, emulsifiers, stabilizers, and other hard-to-pronounce ingredients. After all, your mouth will be too full of ice cream to talk much!
Enter Luxxelles Artisan Ice Cream Sandwiches created by Luxx Chocolat. They’re handcrafted with only the highest quality ingredients. Award-winning Chef and Master Chocolatier Lisa Mecray Rogers has created a fresh twist on the old ice cream sandwich that’s decadently different. Instead of a mushy cookie, Lisa designed a thin, crunchy wafer covered in award-winning caramel, kissed with Sicilian Trapani sea salt and slathered in a single origin (cacao Venezuela) 72% deep dark chocolate. Her ice cream is silky smooth, handmade in small batches using local milk, cream, and seasonal fruit. Flavors include Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla Bean, Black Raspberry Chip, ChocoChocoChip, Cinnamon Caramel, Local Strawberry, Local Blueberry, Local Black CherryChip, Matcha Mint and Chambord with fresh raspberries. She’s always introducing a new flavor! Customers often say that it’s the best ice cream sandwich they’ve ever had! They show up to see her at the farmer’s markets she attends with their own coolers to stock

########
Rank: 20
Score: 47.493305
Retrieved Text: Speckled throughout with flecks of Madagascar vanilla beans infused in its custard base, this gorgeous cream-colored ice cream is an artisan take on the classic flavor. Paired with a brown sugar and oats chocolate chip cookie, these sandwiches are a year-round favorite.
We start with our dark chocolate ice cream base and generously add Maldon sea salt, to give it that complexity and balance of sweet and salty. A scoop of this is perfect on chocolate cookies, chocolate chip, or if you’re feeling extra salty, pretzel cookies.
For a refreshing take on this cherished campfire flavor, toasted marshmallows are blended throughout our custard base, producing a creamy mallow custard which is placed between two handmade from scratch graham cookies. Sandwiches are then generously drizzled with 72% dark chocolate for the full s’more experience.
Our favorite candy bar, deconstructed. We swirl our house caramel through nougat ice cream and sprinkle in lots of chopped peanuts. Paired with chocolate cookies or better yet, chocolate dipped peanut butter cookies.
Quick story: I used to hate pistachios. I didn’t get the appeal. What was I thinking? They are sweet, salty, addicting. Our ice cream is chock full of roasted pistachios. No artificial pistachio flavor here. Paired with our cardamom sugar cookies.
We take our tea with milk, and in the case of this smooth tasting cream, that means steeping slightly floral earl gray tea in our traditional custard base. Paired with a classic sugar cookie, this sandwich is perfect for any time of day.
Beyond the gorgeous color, this ice cream is flavorful and creamy and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 47.333595
Retrieved Text: Chocolate Peppermint Patty Ice-Cream - Chocolate Chocolate and More!
York Peppermint Patties and rich chocolate mint ice-cream make Chocolate Peppermint Patty Ice-Cream a great treat any time!
When I was a kid, I used to spend time each summer at my grandparents’ dairy farm in western Pennsylvania. I’d get up early with my Grandpa to milk the cows, clean out the barn and feed the calves. Grandma always had a bountiful dinner on the table around noon (supper was the light evening meal for them). Then Grandpa and I would spend the afternoon doing whatever needed to be done before the evening milking.
One of my favorite memories was when Grandpa would drive me to the nearest store after dinner – a little market inside the only gas station for miles. There he’d catch up on local gossip and we’d buy some York Peppermint Patties. We usually split one on the way home but the rest went into the freezer.
At some point during my visit we’d bale hay. Grandpa had a rectangular baler (I didn’t know hay bales could be round until I moved west). He’d hook the baler up to the tractor and then hook a wagon to the back of the baler. My job was to ride in the wagon and stack the bales as neatly as I could when they came out of the baler. It was hot, dusty work. We always celebrated the end of hay baling with frozen York Peppermint Patties.
I’m telling you, there is nothing like a frozen peppermint patty when you’re really

########
Rank: 22
Score: 47.234253
Retrieved Text: Looking for something last minute to satisfy your sweetheart's sweet tooth? How about some delicious desserts from Unilever Ice Cream company?
From pink to red, and everything in between, Valentine’s Day brings these romantic shades to life. This year, take the pressure off roses and candy, and celebrate with frozen desserts from Unilever Ice Cream (Breyers, Good Humor, Klondike, MAGNUM Ice Cream and Popsicle) in dreamy hues perfect for the holiday!
• Breyers Gelato Indulgences Strawberry Truffle: With strawberry gelato, gourmet dark chocolatey truffles and a rich fudge swirl, this trio of textures is the perfect way to spoon with a special someone.
• Breyers Natural Strawberry: Bursting with sun-ripened strawberries, this naturally-flavored ice cream is a great V-Day topper for any chocolate dessert ― or by itself!
• Good Humor Strawberry Shortcake Bar: With a strawberry core and cake-coated shell, this classic dessert brings out fun Valentine’s Day colors, from red to pink.
• MAGNUM Mini Double Chocolate: This chocolate duo makes the perfect pair! With silky chocolate ice cream double dipped in a thick Belgian chocolate coating and a chocolatey sauce, MAGNUM Minis is the perfect small size indulgences!
• Popsicle Red Classics Sugar-Free: Refreshing flavors like Cherry, Raspberry and Strawberry, taste better on Valentine’s Day, especially when they’re sugar-free!
I don't know about you, but I'd be pretty happy if my sweetie picked me up some of the Strawberry Truffle Gelato from Bryers for a Valentine's Day surprise.
How about you? What's your favorite frozen dessert you'd be happy to be surprised with?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 47.20469
Retrieved Text: My family adores dark chocolate. Yes, including my kids. My hubby probably is the one most crazy about dark chocolate. So, when I made this Valrhona Dark Chocolate Ice Cream, he was over the moon. I’ve already made many batches of the dark chocolate ice cream since I’ve got the ice cream machine. Now, we (hubby and I) have a new favorite. This French Roasted Coffee Ice Cream! I can’t believe he loves this coffee ice cream more than the dark chocolate one. But, I have to tell you, this French Roasted Coffee Ice Cream really is special....and yes, I love this even more than the dark chocolate ice cream too.
Some of you have asked me about the use of salt in my dessert recipes. Let me tell you the importance of the salt in here. The salt in desserts is used not only to balance out the sweetness but it’s also essential in this coffee ice cream. Have you ever made a large pot of coffee in the morning and tried to reheat it in the afternoon and it turned sour (and unbearable)? It’s a waste to throw away the whole pot of coffee because of that. The sourness often happened when the coffee is heated to a certain temperature. If that ever happened to you, don’t throw away the coffee, simply add a pinch of salt and your coffee won’t be sour anymore. Give that a try and you’ll be amazed that your old coffee tastes just like freshly brewed again.
Because we do boil

########
Rank: 24
Score: 47.156742
Retrieved Text: And honestly, we couldn’t be more excited! We love ice cream. We love sandwiches. And we especially love ice cream sandwiches.
For our twist on this just-in-time-for-summer trend, we picked up a six-pack of granola bars and turned them into three totally different ice cream sammies.
To make all three, there’s just one basic technique, so lets walk through the steps, and then I’ll introduce you to our rad riffs.
Though you can certainly use just one flavor of bar, we started with a box of triplet Nature Valley Granola bars. Each ones is easily transformed into a tasty treat. Brace yourself.
From here, icescreaming (that’s a thing!) your ice cream sandwiches is pretty simple.
#1: Slice right through the bottom 1” of a carton with a sharp bread knife (this works especially well with a frozen-solid carton).
#2: Now slide the ice cream out of the carton and (working quickly) slice that ice cream into 1” slices.
Voila! You have a perfect sized slice for granola bars. Place your 1” slab of ice cream on top of four granola bars, top with four more, and slice into nice, uniform pieces.
Pop your bars on the prepared baking sheet. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm.
I prepped these a full day in advance, so I recommend overnight freezing to ensure your bars are in good form.
Once frozen, there’s one step perfectionists (like me) will want to do: pull your frozen bars from the freezer and use a sharp knife to trim the edges of the ice cream. It’s the secret to nice, even

########
Rank: 25
Score: 46.880592
Retrieved Text: To start it off, the sad thing about many Filipinos is that we are ignorant of vegan culture and the many ways it can benefit us and our ecosystem.
Always highlighting ways on how to care for animals and bring light to veganism, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) recently hosted the Best Vegan Desserts Contest to answer questions such as: How do vegans enjoy desserts? What are their alternatives?
This project is not only for those taking baby steps to go vegan but to also delight the 90 percent of Filipinos (according to studies) who are lactose intolerant and bridge the gap to demands for dairy products.
Held at Century City Mall, the contest showcased 15 merchants with their homemade animal-free desserts like doughnuts, ice cream, cakes, and kakanin, all competing for the title of best vegan dessert.
The event was graced by vegan celebs, influencers, and chefs. The judging panel was composed of PETA senior vice president Jason Baker, chefs Rosebud Benitez, Manila Bulletin Lifestyle’s Gene Gonzalez, and Aaron Isip, event planner Ferdi Salvador, actor Addy Raj, Manila Vegan Facebook group founder Nancy Siy, Zero Basics founder Jana Sevilla, and bloggers Evan Tan, Nikki Torres, and Jecca Uy.
The first thing we tried is Super Scoop’s ice creams: Strawberries and Cream and Coffee Cashew Crumble, which are coconut-based. These don’t divert much from the real taste of their actual flavor. The same thing goes for Lost Bread’s ice cream Strawberry Acai and Chocolate Granola but has a slightly tangier taste. Ambassador Ice Cream made use of coconut

########
Rank: 26
Score: 46.464386
Retrieved Text: Tired of traditional cake and ice cream?
Tired of traditional cake and ice cream? These restaurants and shops in Shreveport offer fun desserts to make your post-dinner treat a little more unique.
The dessert: Oreo dessert pizza.
This dessert pizza at Shreveport’s new pizza spot, PizzaRev, features Oreo cookies, cinnamon, icing and butter on the crust.
504 East Kings Highway, Suite A, Shreveport.
The dessert: Rolled ice cream.
At Shreveport's first rolled ice cream bar, your dessert is made right in front of you. The liquid concoction is first poured onto cold plates, with various toppings like fruit or brownie pieces added in as the ice cream freezes. The ice cream is then rolled up frozen and served in a cup with additional toppings.
Monday-Friday: Noon to 7 p.m.
The dessert: The Doma Chocolat.
At Whisk, a South Highlands dessert bar that also features cookies, gelato and other sweets, the “signature chocolate-lovers’ dream” is the Doma Chocolat. The dessert features layers of chocolate cake, ganache, caramel and an espresso dark chocolate mousse dome, coated in a tempered chocolate shell.
Friday-Saturday: 11 a.m. to 9 p.m.
At Delish, a shop offering a variety of artisan food items from smaller local businesses, one of the unique products sold is from its Pop & Cholly’s brand — chocolate-dipped Cheetos and Fritos. The shop also offers a variety of candy, chocolate confections, peanuts, popcorn, jellies, fudge and more.
The dessert: Magical Unicorn Concrete.
One of Happy Belly’s unique creations is the Magical Unicorn Concrete, which features layers of cotton candy frozen custard, vanilla unicorn “food,” frosting, marshmallows and confetti sprinkles. The dessert also

########
Rank: 27
Score: 46.45101
Retrieved Text: Ever been? Some Ethiopian food down on U Street. This is probably a more popular and well known spot, but not necessarily the best in D.C. My friend who had real Ethiopian food in Ethiopia said this wasn’t as flavorful as the real thing.
Oh, and oops, that’s MORROCAN food, not Ethiopian, but similar?
Anyway, we further expanded our stomachs by walking to Q and 14th street NW to ACKC aka Artfully Chocolates Kingsbury Confections. Very cute chocolate cafe which has expanded into a mini wine bar. It’s outrageously decorated with BOOTYfull paintings (and I mean filled with BOOTY) and flower decorations. There’s plenty of chocolate and variations on hot chocolate, which they also convert into ice cream and milk shakes or iced drinks now. Whew, ACKC, you’ve expanded!
I got a hot chocolate wasabi concoction and for a chilly night, it was a good feeling going down my throat, warming up my tummy. Friend opted for the ice cream version of a white chocolate cardamom truffle. She’s not into actual chocolate, and for the ice creams, if it is white chocolate, they use vanilla ice cream. Her ice cream was ginormous. They over topped it with whip cream. My favorite part were the dried blueberries. I think it wasn’t enough cardamom for her so she got more, and they like dumped it! But she could’ve had more! I think that was more than enough for me…..
I love their decor. It’s absolutely eye-catching and completely sets the mood for the cafe. Tres bon!
Oh yes, I could not leave without

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.148933
Retrieved Text: Don’t let it’s size fool you, though, because imagineers were able to pack some very snazzy decor into a very small space.
Clarabelle's has three walk up counters for ordering.
The first thing that I noticed when I walked into Clarabelle’s was the lighting. Each of the light fixtures here are designed to look like ice cream cones.
There are individual “cones” as well as a full chandelier hanging from the center of the room. The glass is colored, giving off a lit stained glass effect. So pretty!
Because I wanted to know a little bit “extra” about the decor, I took to asking this fantastic cast member, Sal. He helped out a ton by explaining the little details.
Cast Member, Sal, shares some fun details!
Now, on to the secret of the tiles chosen here at Clarabelle’s. Each one represents a color of the types of ice cream served here!
The white = vanilla, brown = chocolate, tan = mocha almond fudge/butter pecan, pink = strawberry, green = mint chocolate chip.
AND the dark and lighter brown tiles above on the cow photo wall represent dark and milk chocolate for the hand dipped ice cream bars!
Another gorgeous feature of Clarabelle’s? The stained glass window above the doors. From the outside you can see it; but it’s not until you get inside and can see the sun shining though that you see the detailed design that includes ice cream cones and an ice cream sundae.
The ice cream service area is located directly behind the registers, and there are several cast members waiting to scoop

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.059765
Retrieved Text: Creamy low carb coffee ice cream bars with a drizzle of dark chocolate. Your favourite coffee house drink as a frozen treat! No ice cream maker required. Dairy-free and paleo-friendly.
Did you know that it’s National Coffee Milkshake Day? Honestly, I do NOT know who makes these things up and I wouldn’t even know that coffee milkshakes had their own special day if a PR rep had not reached out to me with a press release. Yes, really. Apparently coffee milkshakes deserve not only their own day, but their own press release. I am flummoxed, because quite frankly, I don’t think I’ve ever had a coffee milkshake in my life. I love coffee, I love milkshakes, and I adore coffee ice cream. But I have never gone out of my way to make or purchase a milkshake made with coffee or coffee ice cream, although it’s not a bad idea. Not a bad idea at all, actually! However, the recipe I am bringing you today is not a milkshake but it does have coffee and ice cream. This one is by special reader request and it’s just a complete fluke that it happens to be National Coffee Milkshake Day.
So this one goes out to Kathleen, who requested a low carb version of the Weight Watchers Latte Ice Cream Bars. I will confess that I kind of messed up on this request, but in a good way. I mixed up Weight Watchers with SkinnyCow brand and I was working from the idea that I was making over was

================



======= Instance Index 411 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to sharpen a pencil without a pencil sharpener?

Choice 1: Take the handle of a scissor and scrape away at the wood at the bottom to reveal more pencil

Choice 2: Take the edge of a scissor and scrape away at the wood at the tip to reveal more pencil

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 55.515697
Retrieved Text: This Caran d'Ache Desktop Crank Pencil Sharpener will sharpen any round, hexagonal or triangular pencils from 4-8mm in diameter. It is not suitable for larger-diameter pencils.
This is a helical crank sharpener. To sharpen your pencil, you need to pinch the handles on the top of the chuck, pull the chuck away from the main body of the sharpener, and insert your pencil as far as possible before releasing the handles. The chuck will then grip the pencil and hold the tip against the sharpening mechanism. As you turn the handle on the back of the sharpener, the sharpening cylinder will revolve around the pencil, shaving away the wood and sharpening the lead to a fine point. Once the pencil is sharp, you will be able to turn the handle without resistance. At this point, release the chuck again and take out your sharpened pencil. It will be necessary to empty the shaving container from time to time.
This sharpener includes a clamp which can be used to attach it to your worksurface, though it will not fit tabletops of over 4.2cm.
This sharpener measures 11 x 11 x 5.7 cm. The sharpening mechanism is made from metal, and the casing from black plastic. The shaving container is made from transparent plastic.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 55.49977
Retrieved Text: Главная » Дневник занятий » Let's Sharpen Our Pencils!
Точнее, точила, в основном я - а Даша в это время раскрашивала картинки.
Put the lead end of the pencil in the sharpener. Keep the pencil and sharpener in a straight line.
Twist the pencil clockwise. Sharpen slowly and don't press too hard.
Pull the pencil out and brush or blow away the shavings. Make sure to blow away from your or other's faces, unless you want stinging eyes. You can also dispose the shavings in a garbage can.
If your pencil sharpener will not sharpen the pencil well, check that the space where the pencil tip should go is not blocked by broken graphite (the black part) from the tip of the pencil. If it still will not sharpen well, the blade in the sharpener may be blunt. Do not jam in the pencil too hard. Hold the pencil steady and lightly shave the graphite to a slow smooth point softly.
You can further sharpen many pencils by drawing them against fine sandpaper or an emery board. You can also do this to keep a sharp point between sharpening.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 55.186974
Retrieved Text: Truly enjoy any pencil by always keeping it sharp and shaped!This incredible pencil sharpener is perfect for any artist studio, home, office and schools. It will accept standard to thick lead pencils from 8mm to 12mm in diameter and either round, triangular or hexagonal pencil shapes. The exclusive MultiPoint Select Track system allows you to pick the shape of the point from flat to razor sharp. The automatic pencil feeding clutch allows one hand operation without the use of a clamp by bringing the pencil towards the sharpening blades while sharpening.
The Pure-Logic sharpening blades automatically stop sharpening when point is completed so there is no wasting of valuable lead ever. The unit features a rigid resin housing and shavings receptacle, felt table protecting pad, clean-able steel blade assembly, metal pencil clutch, chrome plated turning wheel and a table clamp. Keep it on any desk for quick and easy sharpening without the need for clamping. Truly enjoy any pencil by always keeping it sharp and shaped for your application. Absolutely the best you can buy or return it for a full refund—no questions asked!
Creative Mark MultiPoint Professional Pencil Sharpener is rated 4.6 out of 5 by 50.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Elken from Great sharpener! So far this is excellent for sharpening my pastel pencils, even the larger Conte ones!
Rated 5 out of 5 by Whiplash art from Great for pastels I got this sharper for pastel and I have a lot of different sharpers this sharpens the pencil great with no breaking! And dose not

########
Rank: 3
Score: 54.138687
Retrieved Text: The GloMinerals Pencil Sharpener is the perfect complement to your favorite GloMinerals eye and lip pencils. Use it to get a sharp point or round edge - whatever you prefer!
Are all makeup pencil sharpeners created equal? GloMinerals thinks not! The GloMinerals Pencil Sharpener works perfectly with the GloMinerals line of makeup pencils to sharpen them as desired. Whether you’re looking for a fine point or round, blunt tip, the GloMinerals Pencil Sharpener is the perfect tool to do so.
Featuring a sleek, fashionable design, the GloMinerals Pencil Sharpener uses two German blades to quickly sharpen makeup pencils. At the same time, it doesn’t waste your makeup while sharpening them, so you won’t be throwing money down the drain every time you use it.
Use the GloMinerals Pencil Sharpener with your favorite GloMinerals eye pencils and lip pencils. Just don’t use it with your children’s school pencils!
The GloMinerals Pencil Sharpener is a must have addition to any makeup kit.
The GloMinerals Pencil Sharpener is recommended for all skin types and conditions. It is a necessary tool if you use the GloMinerals Precision Eye Pencil, Lip Pencil, Brow Pencil, or any other eye or lip makeup pencil.
Simply insert the desired makeup pencil into the GloMinerals Pencil Sharpener and twist until desired sharpness is achieved. The sharpener may be used to obtain a round, blunt tip or a precise, sharp point.
The GloMinerals Pencil Sharpener features two German blades that easily cut through any makeup pencil. The complete ingredients list for the GloMinerals Pencil Sharpener is currently not available.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 53.723827
Retrieved Text: Adjustable dial accommodates 6 different pencil sizes including triangular student pencils.
Quiet operation perfect for offices and school rooms.
Large capacity, transparent spill resistant shavings receptacle.
Storage area for pencil organization.
We at MyBinding.com are proud to present the all new Optima Electric pencil sharpener by Swingline. The new Optima is the ultimate in fast, quiet, and reliable pencil sharpening for students, office workers, artists, or just around the house. Featuring a movable dial to fit 6 different sized pencils including triangular pencils, the Swingline Optima electric sharpener is capable of reliably sharpening nearly any pencil to perfection. Equipped with carbon steel blades, a thermal cutoff, lead saver features, and quiet operation, the Optima will precisely sharpen your pencil and is ideal for any school, work, or home environment where noise reduction is a must. Backed by a limited lifetime warranty and a 100% performance guarantee, the Swingline Optima electric pencil sharpener is ensured to meet all of your sharpening needs. Check it out from MyBinding.com today and save!
Dimensions: "5.88"" x 8.25"" x 8.75"
It not only puts the point back in your pencil, but it has a conveinient holder built in where you can stick your extras.
Love this product. It performs great. I would receommend this product to anyone that is looking for a well built, high performance pencil sharpener.
THIS IS A GREAT SHARPENER, I REALLY LIKE THAT YOU CAN STORE THE PENCILS IN THE SHARPENER.
Love this stapler! It is very quiet and does a great job. The little pencil holder is wonderful!
Welcome to MyBinding video. Let's look at Swingline's

########
Rank: 5
Score: 53.072243
Retrieved Text: Louise Morgan: The Perfect Teacher Gift!
The Prefect Christmas Gift for the Special Teacher in Your Life!
I am not a fan of electric pencil sharpeners. They are noisy, messy, and they don't last very long. I have very strict rules in my classroom about pencil sharpening. My students are allowed to sharpen 1-2 pencils first thing in the morning before 8:00. They can also switch un-sharpened pencils with sharp pencils. The rest of the day is pencil sharpener-free.
That means I have to make sure our sharpened pencil can is always full. My old electric sharpener allows me to sharpen about 10 pencils before it heats up and stops. Now that I am using my Classroom Friendly Supplies Sharpener, I can sharpen enough pencils at one time to last several days! It comes with a mount that can attach to a table, counter top, or shelf so it stays put while sharpening. Best of all, it's VERY quiet!...no more frazzled nerves form the noisy electric pencil sharpener!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 52.933193
Retrieved Text: Liquid Pencil Eyeliner is rated 2.6 out of 5 by 253.
Now, get the intense look and luxurious feel of a liquid liner with the easy application and precision of a pencil. Extra-Intense™ Liquid Pencil Eyeliner glides on smoothly and evenly for beautiful definition in a single stroke. The smudge-resistant formula provides 16 hours of non-stop wear. To sharpen, use L’Oréal’s Dual Sharpener and turn the pencil gently to create a working tip.
Expert Application Technique Apply along lash line starting from inner corners of eyes working outwards. For a smoky look, gently smudge line with finger or brush applicator.
Rated 1 out of 5 by Doobie from Not User Friendly I bought this pencil, twice now and each time the experience was awful & messy! You cannot sharpen this pencil. If by chance you can get it to turn round your sharpener, the product is soft and ends up all over your fingers. This could be a good product, but the "liquid" needs to change to a more solid type. The wood most be flexible enough to be sharpened. I've thrown this pencil away both time before I even got half way through it. Such a waste!
Rated 1 out of 5 by Beth0914 from Very Disappointing I used this pencil for about a week. I loved it then tried to sharpen it. I bought and used the dual sharpener recommended. I tried several times to sharpen it but the plastic was always left with sharp edges that hurt my eyes. I loved the look and feel of the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 52.762016
Retrieved Text: Prism color premier pencil sharpener are specifically designed to sharpen prism color pencils to a perfect point BR, choose either a wide or narrow angle. The translucent cover keeps shavings inside until ready to empty and the blades are made of high-quality steel. This package contains one 3-inch tall 1-3/4-inch diameter pencil sharpener.
I believe this is a good pencil sharpener for the price, and it sharpens my Prismacolors very well. As a general rule, I prefer manual pencil sharpeners that have a small compartment to hold the shavings. The blades were sharp, and I could tell by the long and even shavings I got when I sharpened my colored pencils. I just recently purchased this sharpener, so I cannot testify to how long the blades will maintain their sharpness. It is a small compartment to hold the pencil shavings so don't expect to sharpen more than 6 or 7 pencils before having to empty it. Also, it is plastic but I have not had any issues with breakage up to this point.
I notice a couple of reviewers mentioning breakage of the leads in their pencils. To my knowledge, and experience, Prismacolors (only colored pencils I have used) are wax based and extremely fragile. You can drop one and literally break the lead inside. When I have a lead break, I place the pencil in the sun for a few minutes (it's wax and will melt) so the lead can adhere back together again. If you keep having lead breaks the pencil just may be defective, but

########
Rank: 8
Score: 52.68045
Retrieved Text: Introducing the pencil sharpener by Classroom Friendly Supplies.
This is a hand cranked pencil sharpener with a non slip surface on the bottom and it comes with a clamp if you want to secure it to a surface.
You pull the two black tabs together to set the sharpener to a fixed distance. The sharpener stops when the the holder gets to the end. The pencil shavings are stored in a clear drawer that is super easy to empty and it is easy to see that it's full. The sharpener has a nice heavy feel so it will withstand classroom abuse.
Having a manual sharpener that you can see the shavings is really nice. I have both electric and manual sharpeners in the classroom. The manual ones that I have were hard to empty and hard to center the point and students would drop the outside in the trash, they don't have that stabilizer on it to keep the pencil straight. They are also loud. This one is nice and quiet and students can sharpen without interrupting the class. The other electric sharpeners are super loud and disruptive in the class AND they do tend to burn out over time. Students who jam them will just keep trying to sharpen pencils even if lead gets stuck in them. It is nice to have this in the class and the students are loving it!
Thanks to Classroom Safety Supplies for providing this!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.664867
Retrieved Text: FREE One Extra Core Sharpener. Professional grade white electric sharpener with dual powering options: USB Powered (included USB cord) and 4 AA Battery Operated (Batteries not included). Automatic Safety Lock Function enables sharpener to stop operation as soon as the Easy-To-Clean shaving tray is removed. Suitable for standard wooden pencils (6.5-8 mm or 0.25-0.3 inches in diameter).
PERFECT GIFTS as educational supplies for teachers, high school teens & college students and boys & girls that just loves to sketch and draw a lot. Great gifts for Christmas, Thanksgiving, Easter, Birthday or Graduation.
NO More Manual Pencil Sharpener - Sharpening your colored or graphite pencils with this pencil sharpener efficiently in just a few seconds without the hassle of breaking your lead. Made from sharp durable steel blade with replacement core for efficient cutting performance and pencil sharpening results. Sharpen your pencils in bulk in just minutes.
Lightweight and Portable Electric Sharpener with automatic idling to help eliminate over sharpening and self prevent pointy pencil tips which could damage art canvas or drawing paper. Compact enough for students or teachers to bring to classroom.
High Quality Automatic Pencil Sharpener best designed for everyone and applicable in home, school and office use. We are so confident that you'll love your pencil sharpener that we're giving you a 365-DAY "Better Than Money Back" Guarantee. Get yours NOW!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 52.65273
Retrieved Text: Cat pencil sharpener meows while it works! A great home or office addition for feline fanatics, combining fun with function. It hones graphite faster than a cat sharpening its claws on a scratching post. You can buy it for $17.55!
Stick a pencil up this 2-1/2" (6.4 cm) long plastic nose, then give it a twist and it will come out clean and sharp. For just $5.13!
Robot Pencil sharpener toy is too cool. This robot walks a bit after you sharpen your pencil and everyone loves him! He is a great small gift or add on gift and a great desktop toy for the whimsical child in us all. The robot is about 4" tall, it comes in a cool gift box and is a good pencil sharpener as well! You can have it for $6.50!
This “Living Dead Dolls” pencil sharpener is a doll head and you need to stick the pencil into her eye to sharpen it. There is a little button on the back of her neck that pushes the shavings out of her mouth.
Suction cup this little pup to your desk, and you'll find yourself grinning each time you go to sharpen your pencil. Woof!
Whilst this mini external speaker for iPods and other Mp3 players is by no means the first wooden speaker system we've come across in our daily trawl of the net, it is certainly one of the most curious in that it comes complete with an integral pencil sharpener!
This silver Stegosaurus walks when you sharpen your pencil on his belly! If

########
Rank: 11
Score: 52.526897
Retrieved Text: Anker Double Hole Metal Pencil Sharpener lets you sharpen your big pencils as well as your small ones. Suitable for pencils up to 11mm wide. Great for pencil cases or offices.
Anker's Twin Hole Pencil Sharpener is made from metal for extra durability, and lets you sharpen your big pencils as well as your small ones. Suitable for use with pencils with a diameter up to 11mm, it's as ideal for a home office as it is your kid's pencil case!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 52.058857
Retrieved Text: Quick Guide to Buying Best Pencil Sharpener For Teachers Of 2018. Buyer’s Guide.
The current market offers thousands of various pencil sharpener for teachers. It is really hard to choose the best one from such a big selection. To speed up the process of buying a pencil sharpener for teachers, feel free to use the list with out picks.
Our team is proudly presents you the best pencil sharpener for teachers on the marketplace. We found amazing products for affordable prices! You can find our list of the TOP products on this page below.
Suitable for standardized pencils and colour pencils of any shape or size.
Beware of cheap imitations, the sharptank will last.
Designed with 2 holes, one for sharpning pencil, one for sharp the pencil head.
Auto & safety features, automatically work when plug the pencil into the shaving entrance.
“eagle” is a socially conscious brand- 1 from each sale goes to philippines castle orphanage, trinity children’s home- a foundation for faith, hope & love, inc.
Longer lifespan, the cutter inside is replaceable.
Easy to clean, pinch and pull out the cover of the reservoir to pour out the pencil shavings, not adding too much trouble (include a free spare blade in the package, you could replace according to your need). Non-slip design, anti-slip mat on the bottom will keep sharpener sturdy when it’s working, which also helps to make a perfect pencil point. Electric motor, with the help of full-powered motor.6-8mm pencils can be well trimmed 5 seconds later. Specially designed for kids, students, teachers, artists, engineers, industrial designers, etc. Auto &

########
Rank: 13
Score: 52.019936
Retrieved Text: Need to sharpen your eyeliner, lip liner, or brow pencil? Try Cowgirl Dirt's pencil sharpeners. It's no fun using a dull pencil. Make sure your pencils are always sharp by having a makeup pencil sharpener on hand.
This sharpener works SO much better than my last one. It gets the pencil nice and sharp!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 51.915173
Retrieved Text: to make or become sharp or sharper.
Outrageously Creative Costumes For Language LoversRead more in this article about some frequently asked questions and fun facts related to our definitions.
Buy a sharpener, or pay a professional for frequent sharpenings.
The mechanic, the hireling, the sharpener of tools, he must never keep more than a day.
It is wonderful what a sharpener of the poor wits hunger is!
I put the pencil in the sharpener, gave it two or three turns, and out it came with the point nicely rounded and sharpened.
You can carry it loose in your pocket without fear of injuring the sharpener or yourself.
For a sharpener wrap a piece of fine emery paper about a square stick and tack it down.
1630s, agent noun from sharpen.
1520s, "bring to an edge or point," from sharp (adj.) + -en (1). Related: Sharpened; sharpening. Old English verb scearpian meant "to score, scarify;" cf. scearpung "scarifying." To sharpen (one's) pencil "prepare to get to work" is from 1957, American English.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 51.90549
Retrieved Text: Get your pencils to the point!
Keep pencils on point with this universal sharpener! It adjusts to fit 3 pencil sizes from standard to jumbo and sharpens brow & eye pencils to a perfect tip for precise application.
Will NOT sharpen eye bright pencil.
Nice price but too small to sharpen the eye bright pencil. I want a sharpener big enough for eye bright. ? Disappointing.
Great pencil sharpener - it fits all of my pencils from eyeliner to brow highlighter & it's so cute!
LOVE Benefit sharpeners. They're super sharp, and now this one is easier to find in my makeup bag! I've never had a pencil break in one of these. The adjustable sizes fit everything, and the little cleaning tool is SO helpful for getting gunk out. Other sharpeners on par with this one are about $10-12, so this is a great deal. Stock up!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 51.74648
Retrieved Text: Keep your pencils ready to go with this battery-operated sharpener. The compact design makes it a great choice for use at home, school or the office.
Compatible with most standard-size pencils.
Steel blades help you keep a fine point on all of your pencils.
Sturdy plastic construction offers lasting use.
Motor provides fast, easy sharpening.
Requires 4 AA batteries (sold separately).
Pencil Saver technology helps prevent oversharpening.
Featuring a compact, modern design, the X-ACTO Mighty Mite Battery Pencil Sharpener is a smart and stylish choice for sharpening pencils at home. The electric motor with a helical steel cutter delivers reliable everyday performance and exceptional durability, while Pencil Saver technology prevents wasteful over-sharpening. With non-skid feet for added safety and battery-powered design for easy portability, the X-ACTO Mighty Mite Battery Pencil Sharpener is great for use in the house or on the go.
Ideal for everyday desktop use at home or in the school, the X-ACTO Mighty Mite Battery Pencil Sharpener combines a sleek, colorful design with convenient cordless operation. This pencil sharpener is powered by four AA batteries (not included), so you can use anywhere it you want without having to worry about finding a power outlet.
The X-ACTO Mighty Mite has a reliable motor for powerful yet portable sharpening. Its helical steel cutter delivers 10X more sharpenings than standard razor blade pencil sharpeners for reliably sharp tips. Pencil Saver technology helps minimize wastefulness by ensuring that you don't accidentally over-sharpen pencils.
You can easily and safely use the X-ACTO Mighty Mite Battery Pencil Sharpener by placing it securely on a flat surface while sharpening your

########
Rank: 17
Score: 51.727463
Retrieved Text: Can a pencil sharpener’s design be improved? Multidisciplinary design studio Free Time Industries thinks so and I agree.
A primarily useful object, the design of the pencil sharpener hasn’t actually modified a lot over time. However, Free Time Industries has stepped as much as the plate to vary that.
The Swing Blade pencil sharpener, although not the quickest approach to sharpen your pencil, is right for delicate-leaded and colour pencils. Its poetic motion and exact sharpening was impressed by an previous pencil sharpener handed down from a designers’ nice-nice-grandfather.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 51.59185
Retrieved Text: Deliver a more professional and precise line with properly sharpened eye and lip pencils. This custom designed dual metal blade pencil sharpener is a makeup bag essential. Two openings to fit 8mm or 12mm pencils. Cosmetic metal blade forms a round tip on pencils. Comes equipped with a cleaning stick and removable hinged waste container. Cover on both sides keeps your cosmetic bag or purse clean.
1. Insert cosmetic liner pencil into the sharpener. Put it all the way into the sharpener, but do not force it. The pencil should slide easily and two sizes are available depending on pencil size.
2. Sharpen the cosmetic pencil. Turn the pencil in the sharpener a couple times (at least one full rotation). Pencil shavings will collect in see-through compartment. Empty when full.
3. Cleaning stick located between blades can be removed and used to extract makeup buildup in sharpener.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 51.370033
Retrieved Text: This three in one pencil sharpener can sharpen three different sizes of pencils. It features two detachable containers for easy emptying and cleaning. It can sharpen pencils, colored pencils, graphite or charcoal pencils.
Generals 3 In 1 Pencil Sharpener is rated 4.6 out of 5 by 10.
Rated 4 out of 5 by PenMar from General's 3 in 1 Pencil Sharpener Very good manual sharpener for all types of pencils. I purchased several for an art group I teach, and find not all the sharpeners give as good a point an others. One thing I have found is to not press the pencil into the sharpener too hard, because the point is more likely to break off, especially on colored pencils. Using a very light pressure gives a better point. The same is also true for graphite pencils, but one can successfully apply a bit more pressure.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Heather 19 from Great product I've been looking for a small pencil sharpener for a long time that is for multiple size pencils especially for pastel pencils. I was THRILLED to find one here..(not suprised at all). Didn't want anything too large and is portable. This sharpener was just perfect for me.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Phyll from Great little pencil sharpener! Works better than expensive models. Easy to carry with me for plein air painting, classes. etc.
Rated 5 out of 5 by trotting-horse from General's 3-in-1 pencil sharpener I have been using this only with pastel pencils which are very fragile and it does

########
Rank: 20
Score: 50.35949
Retrieved Text: manual pencil sharpener (40 items found) Best Matches Price, Low to High Price, High to Low Name, AZ Name, ZA Top Rating New Arrivals SORT BY: Staedtler MultiPencil Manual Sharpener This manual sharpener from Staedtler has features that accommodate most types of pencils. It will sharpen round and triangular writing pencils of ordinary circumference, but it can be used on larger colored pencils and childrens pencils as well.
Manual Pencil Sharpeners, Pencil Sharpeners, Pens, Pencils& Markers, Office Supplies, Search at Office Depot& OfficeMax. Now One Company.
Classroom Friendly Supplies has the best and coolest manual mechanical colored pencil sharpeners in the world. Its the best pencil sharpener that every teacher is talking about!
Why do we say we have the best manual pencil sharpeners? Manual and Electric Pencil Sharpeners: A Guide 7th November 2017 by Duncan Montgomery 1 This post compares all of the sharpeners we sell, from humble singlehole sharpeners to precision electric models, giving a fair account of their different strengths and weaknesses.
Perform fast maintenance on your pencils throughout the day with manual or electric pencil sharpeners. Durable blades give dull pencils a crisp point, while sharpeners with attached receptacles keep your office or classroom free of loose shavings.
Shop for pencil sharpeners, electric pencil sharpeners and more at everyday low prices. Save Money. Live Better. Elmer's XACTO Manual Pencil Sharpener. 9 Reviews. WalMart Canada Corp.
1940 Argentia Road Mississauga, ON L5N 1P9 Be in the know! Manual pencil sharpeners generally come in handheld versions and more industrial versions.
A handheld pencil sharpener is perfect for stashing in a backpack

########
Rank: 21
Score: 50.306118
Retrieved Text: For use with multi-size pencils without the need for a dial.
Automatically adjusts for whatever size pencil is inserted.
Designed for high volume use in the office or school.
Multi-hole dial accommodates all popular pencil sizes.
A design that delivers a unique performance.
Featuring a proprietary two-blade technology, the iPoint® Ball sharpens pencils two times faster than other sharpeners in its class.
Compact personal use USB or battery powered sharpener that gives great performance.
Plastic casing manual pencil sharpener with steel blade.
Sharpens #2 size pencils only.
HHC cutter technology for 4x longer life.
Powerful motor for stall-free operation under normal use.
SharpStop automatically shuts motor off to prevent over-sharpening.
Portable battery power (4 AA batteries).
XHC cutter technology for 70% faster sharpening and 10x longer life.
Super-duty QuietSharp motor for quiet, stall-free operation under normal use.
SharpStop shuts motor off when sharpening is complete to prevent oversharpening.
SharpGlow illuminates to indicate sharpening completion.
XHC² cutter technology for 75% faster sharpening and 12x longer life.
Heavy-duty fan-cooled QuietSharp motor delivers quiet, stall-free operation with normal use.
Powerful, elegant, space-saving design accentuates any desktop.
Powerful performance in a space-saving vertical design.
HHC cutter technology for 65% faster sharpening and 6x longer life.
Heavy-duty QuietSharp motor delivers quiet, stall-free operation with normal use.
HHC² cutter technology for 6x longer life.
Tip Saver Technology extends pencil life by preventing oversharpening.
Fast and simple, "twist" pencil sharpening.
Adjust for a sharp or blunt pencil tip.
Durable and stylish pencil sharpener for high-volume environments.
Dual helical cutters sharpen pencils with precision.
Commercial-grade pencil sharpener for high-volume environments.
Two hardened steel cutters provide dual cutting action for faster sharpening and longer blade life.
Durable all-metal construction with die-cast metal base and nickel-plated shavings

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.479935
Retrieved Text: FamilyFun magazine rounds up its favorite supplies for back to school that put the fun in functional. The charming Last Log Pencil Sharpener from Qualy was featured among the favorite school supplies that help make homework a little more fun. As you sharpen your pencil, the wood shavings build up, reminding you about tree conservation. Genius!
Click here to purchase this lovable squirrel pencil sharpener from Design Ideas.
Click here to read the full story from FamilyFun magazine.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.203384
Retrieved Text: Westcott pencil sharpeners are necessary for any school or office that uses pencils regularly. A good pencil sharpener will keep your writing instrument sharp and ready to use for a long time. Westcott offers a wide variety of pencil sharpeners to meet your every need. This electric pencil sharpener quickly sharpens the tip of your pencil. The sharpener does all the work, and the container neatly captures all the shavings until its time to empty it.
Westcott 14888 iPoint Evolution Electric Pencil Sharpener, Black and Silver is rated 3.4 out of 5 by 16.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Arghlee from Works Good Not sure why all the negative comments either. I am an engineer with one of the top aerospace companies in the nation. I have this sharpener sitting on my desk and I use it daily. It works fine. As a matter of fact, people in the adjacent office come in and use my sharpener all the time. Possible explinations for the negative comments could be that the sharpener does stall if you push down too hard. Just enough pressure to get the motor going is enough. Anymore than that, and it will stop.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Kreit from How To Empty! Works great. Even the kids can't break it. However I could not figure out how to empty it. Jim 0319 noted "instructions were on the company website under "Frequently Asked Questions". When I looked at the FAQ, the visual aids were little help. It is actually just the top 1/4 inch

########
Rank: 24
Score: 48.078926
Retrieved Text: The product is the redesign of pencil sharpener. On the basis of the original pattern, we frost the upper surface of blade. When the pencil is blunt out but is not necessarily to cut, the rough side can be used to sharpen. It can eliminate the time spend on sharpening the pencil while extend the life of the pencil, both saving Material and protecting the environment.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 47.93047
Retrieved Text: These woodless graphite pencils glide across paper effortlessly for sketching and drawing!
The Koh-I-Noor Progresso Graphite Pencil Set features the finest Hardtmuth graphite, named for Joseph Hardtmuth, Koh-I-Noor founder and inventor of the manufacturing process of graphite-based pencils in 1790. Each woodless graphite pencil is lacquer coated and has a substantial feel and beautiful laydown properties. With 7.6mm lead diameter, these fine artist pencils outlast standard wood-cased pencils, and can be sharpened with any electric or manual pencil sharpener. This set of 12 graphite pencils includes two each of 9B, 8B, 6B, 4B, 2B, and HB.
Sharpen the Progresso in any electric or manual pencil sharpener.
Set of 12 — This set includes two each of 9B, 8B, 6B, 4B, 2B, and HB.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 47.809624
Retrieved Text: For as many different kinds of wooden pencils I use, I’m not usually too adventurous with my pencil sharpener. I usually exclusively prefer hand-held sharpeners, like my left-handed sharpener, my Palomino KUM Long-point sharpener, and the KUM Ellipse I keep in my jacket pocket almost all the time.
I remember with disdain the giant Cold War-era Boston sharpener of yore that would hungrily eat my pencil with its two giant dull grinders. It left me with a long, dull tip and the wood surrounding it half-eaten and dirty. Sure, it didn’t take as long to sharpen with that monstrocity, but it was loud, messy, and ineffective.
This summer, I got an email from Troy Decoff, who developed what he calls the “Classroom Friendly Pencil Sharpener“. It seemed to combine the heavy-duty nature of the wall-mounted sharpener with a smaller footprint and sharper grinders.
It operates very similarly to the Dahle Fifty-50, which I’ve reviewed on this site just over a year ago. Pull out the front, pinch the holders together, put your pencil in, and start cranking.
The benefits of this sharpener over the Dahle? Well, first, the pencil holder locks into place when it’s fully extended, unlike the Dahle, and it’s sturdier, with an all-metal case. And, most importantly, the point is much much longer.
Look how sharp! Buffy the Vampire Slayer would appreciate this sharpener.
While the point is not quite as long with the Palomino KUM Long-point Sharpener, it’s still very long. And very sharp. If the two-step manual process of the Palomino sharpener is too hard, this will

########
Rank: 27
Score: 47.22148
Retrieved Text: It seems like most of the houses I’ve lived in had this feature… you could go into the basement with a pencil and there would be a pencil sharpener attached to the wall (or a wooden post) and you could sharpen a pencil.
This “feature” was something I just expected, and when I went downstairs into my basement (where I already spend a lot of time because my workshop is down there) I realized there was no pencil sharpener! Then I thought about it, and remember that (even though we’ve lived here for over three years) there was no pencil sharpener in the basement! Well, there was, but it was a crappy electric one that fell apart and then I fixed a few years ago. Oddly enough my mind just filled in the spot that says “there is a pencil sharpener on the wall in the basement” even though there wasn’t.
So I asked people… Have you lived in a house where there’s a pencil sharpener mounted to a wall in the basement? And over 100 people on Facebook replied.
I distinctly remember the previous house we lived in had one. I didn’t take it with us because we didn’t own the house, and I just figured it was a “feature” of the house, like a stationary tub or whatever. You wouldn’t take the stationary tub when you moved, would you?
I found the X-ACTO KS Manual Pencil Sharpener, Metal Finish for $9.99 on Amazon Prime. I had it in two days. It’s glorious.
Now, when I decided to mount the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.88552
Retrieved Text: Writer I am a professional in a designing company. I often use a lot of color pencils in my work. Being an architect, it is necessary to keep my pencil sharpening all the time. I was looking for a pencil sharpener, which should work like a workhorse. I also had two kids, both my 8 and 12-year-old children use it every day. So I need a sharpener that satisfies my kids and myself.
It appears to be such a small apparatus, but it is so important in our day to day life in work and in office. Few years ago, the sharpener I had was only manual sharpener. However, nowadays, I see electrical sharpener. It is such a nice advancement in technology, which makes life easy for our children at school or for us at the office.
Pencil sharpeners are part of stationery that increases our productivity. So I decided to give electric pencil sharpener review.
Among the many pencil sharpeners, I have seen; The Stanley Bostitch Electric Pencil sharpener is quite amazing.
It has HHC cutter technology, which has 4x longer life. Under normal use, its operation is stall-free and tip saver technology extends the life of the pencil by preventing over-sharpening. The size selector is very handy that lets you sharpen the pencil to a size we want. The size will be exact with his trademark technology.
It uses latest rotational technology and blade mechanics; it effortlessly slices the pencil wood with precision.
The company is well known for its quality and performance since 1896, and the pencil sharpeners are

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.812675
Retrieved Text: Have you ever used a pencil? Generally, we all start learning to write with a pencil. But this is not the only role of a pencil, because it has a lot that can inspire you. Pencil plays a very powerful role in our life as it secretly inspires everyone to be successful in every endeavor in life, including your career.
A pencil has potential but it needs a guiding hand.
Like a pencil is capable of creating wonders you too can set examples for others with your inspiring actions and great deeds. However, a pencil always needs a hand to guide it. Likewise, you too must always have a mentor in life. He can be your boss, teacher or a friend, but he must genuinely guide you with your steps. Also, never forget to nurture mentor-mentee relationships to learn the most from this relation.
Pencil needs sharpener. It suffers to become sharper.
Sharpener is what sharpens the pencil to write beautifully. Skills and experience would act as sharpener for you. You have to keep learning new skills to sharpen your abilities and qualities. You have to learn lesson from each and every experience you get. Doing this would help you make a beautiful move on the toughest roads of your career.
Don’t be stubborn like an ink of pen; instead be like a pencil, which allows everyone to rub its mistakes with an eraser. You too should be open for feedbacks and suggestions. If somebody suggests you or corrects you, do not revert with an attitude; instead do ponder them and

================



======= Instance Index 1252 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How do you cut a baked polymer clay stick in order to make clay sprinkles?

Choice 1: Press a razor into the stick about 1/12 of an inch from the end of the stick. Apply pressure until the razor slices partially through the clay stick.

Choice 2: Press a razor into the stick about 1/12 of an inch from the end of the stick. Apply pressure until the razor slices completely through the clay stick.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 55.37763
Retrieved Text: Donuts are probably one of my favorite treats. I, of course, love the taste, but I also love all the different colors, shapes, and you can't forget the sprinkles!! Since they are so adorable, I decided to create some fun donut jewelry out of polymer clay. Don't get intimidated - you can do it, too!! It's just like playing with play dough, but for adults (and older kids)!!
The tan clay is going to be the base of your donut. Knead a 1/2-1 inch ball of tan clay in your hands until it's pliable. Depending on the size you want, you can add or take away clay at this point. Roll it into a ball (doesn't have to be perfect), and lightly smash it until it's about 1/2" tall.
Using an old paint brush or tooth brush, lightly brush the clay to give it some texture. The harder you brush, the deeper the texture will be.
For this tutorial, we wanted purple frosting. Choose whatever color clay for frosting you want, and roll about 1/4 inch or so ball. Press it or roll it with a rolling pin until it's pretty thin (see image above), and give it an odd shape. The best part of making these donuts is that no donut is perfect, so any mistake you think you made just makes yours unique!
Lay the frosting over the donut piece. If it's too big, tear off some of the clay and start over on the frosting. If you don't have enough, you can try rolling it out a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.36402
Retrieved Text: Egg makes a great canvas for polymer clay. I learned this through a challenge in my polymer clay group guild where we were asked to make an artwork incorporating an egg to our sculpture. I made a Marie Antoinette inspired egg head for this challenge.
Since I am making some egg figurines for an upcoming pop culture convention, I would like to share my way of making this kind of sculpture. I documented myself making Pikachu and it's my hope that you'll get inspired into making your own egg figurines.
To prep the egg, I washed it with soap and water and dried it with a paper towel. To hollow it out, I poked the top and bottom of the egg with a needle. I carefully chipped small pieces of shell around the holes with the needle until it's about 5 to 7 mm diameter. Then I blew one end of the hole until all the contents spilled out into a bowl. After which, I washed the egg again then dried it up with a towel.
Once the egg is dried up, I smeared it with liquid clay then I wrapped it with a flattened sheet of yellow polymer clay about 4mm. I used the knife to cut the excess off and made sure that the clay is well adhered to the egg and there are no air bubbles. If you do find some air bubbles, just poke it with a needle then push the clay towards the hole to expel the air out.
I re-establish the top and bottom

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.354755
Retrieved Text: 5/04/2012 · If you are going to make the doll of polymer clay, then you will have to soften the clay to get it to fit in the molds details - there is not a liquid polymer that "dries", so it can't be too liquid, and polymer clay has to be baked to be hard, so you can't use latex molding compound. which won't like the heat.... Knowing how to make a 3D mold is essential when faced with the challenge of duplicating sculpture and other objects where capturing all sides of an object is important.
Make sure to apply enough glue to the pieces to make the mold waterproof. Spread non-hardening clay onto the bottom of the container deep enough to cover the doll up its midline when it will be later embedded in the clay.
The following videos provide very detailed mold making and casting information specific to doll-making: Disclaimer This FAQ article is offered as a guideline and offers possible solutions to problems encountered during mold making and casting.
5/04/2012 · If you are going to make the doll of polymer clay, then you will have to soften the clay to get it to fit in the molds details - there is not a liquid polymer that "dries", so it can't be too liquid, and polymer clay has to be baked to be hard, so you can't use latex molding compound. which won't like the heat.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.732067
Retrieved Text: Remember when there was a glossary in the back of your textbook? Here’s your polymer clay glossary! Every hobby has its special words and jargon with unique definitions that are unfamiliar to outsiders. Newbies and beginners struggle with new tools, skills, and materials, so it’s even more difficult when there’s a whole new vocabulary to learn as well. Here’s a list of polymer clay terms (and their definitions) that we commonly use when working with the medium of polymer clay.
Tute is short for tutorial. Sometimes it’s spelled out as tut. Some tutorials are just a quick series of photos that diagram a process like you can see here. Others are comprehensive educational experiences, such as the long-form eBooks that I write.
Polymer clay comes in many colors including pearlescent and metallic varieties. In addition, most brands also include a colorless translucent variety. After baking, the light shines through translucent polymer clay to give an appearance a bit like frosted milk glass. Unfortunately, no brand of polymer clay is transparent like glass. You can see examples of the various brands of translucent here.
This polymer clay term always causes confusion because how can you have a liquid form of clay? It’s no longer clay once it’s liquid, right? Well, sort of. Liquid clay is just polymer clay without the binders that make vinyl “goo” into a putty. You can learn about liquid clay here.
The first brand of liquid clay (and the only one for many years) was Translucent Liquid Sculpey. This same product is still available, but the name

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.69707
Retrieved Text: This gorgeous pen is decorated with millefiori flowers made out of polymer clay, which is an ancient glass blowing technique that has been reproduced using polymer clay. You will find a beautiful garden of Purple Flowers with Blue Butterflies. Pen is handcrafted by Toni Ransfield using brass tubes covered with polymer clay. This would make a very special gift for anyone.
I cut slices of several different floral canes that I have made and applied them to the pen. Carefully smoothed onto the pen and baked in the oven till cured, sanded and buffed to a high sheen.
Pen is an Elegant Beauty Click Pen.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 48.546036
Retrieved Text: Polymer clay foods are crafted from a synthetic clay-like art material that is flexible while cool but hardens after heat curing in an oven, thus permanently preserving the artist’s work. Polymer clay foods are created on a miniature scale and frequently adorn doll houses, kitchens, and appear as jewelry accents. By closely studying the details of real foods, then using the right tools, techniques, and materials, it’s possible to make realistic miniature versions of nearly any food.
Combine transparent and colored polymer clay when making most food models, as real food naturally contains some degree of transparency. Experiment to find the correct proportions—a slice of watermelon will naturally require more transparent clay than a slice of bread, but even the bread needs a bit of transparent clay mixed in for the final product to appear realistic.
Study food photos and replicate details as closely as possible. For example, a real orange isn’t just a round ball—its surface is marked with tiny indentations, and it usually has a hint of green near the stem end. Roll a polymer clay orange along the top of a toothbrush to create realistic texture, and brush on a dab of light green pastel powder on one end.
Always paint any cut edges on fruit with a clear gloss finish to achieve a wet look in the final product. This technique also works for other wet foods, such as jelly, gravy and slices of raw meat. Clear gloss may be tinted with a touch of acrylic paint to replicate the transparent color of melted butter

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.426525
Retrieved Text: I was wanting some general advice on painting with lumiere paint on polymer clay. There doesn't seem to be a lot of info around on this. I was wanting to paint on my baked polymer clay pieces and then seal with a UV resin. How long do I have to wait to seal the paint? Until it is touch dry or is it 24 hours as suggested for fabric? What else could I use to seal the paint? Any tips or extra advice using lumiere on polymer clay would be much appreciated. Thank you.
It is probably best to wait 24 hours before applying a sealer on top of Lumiere. That way, you can be confident that all the moisture has evaporated from the paint. You could pretty much use any sealer that you want (test first) and we also make a Pearl Ex Varnish or Airbrush Varnish which could be used as a top coat.
Thanks for the advice. I will wait the 24 hours. Better to be safe than sorry. I also have the pearl ex varnish so I will give that a go too for sealing. I forgot that I could probably use that. Fran.
This product is awesome to use with polymer clay. You can paint it on uncured clay and bake it at 300 degrees. It does not change color or burn at 300 for 20 minutes. Baking it dries it. You can also paint on polymer clay after it has been baked. It doesn't need to be sealed but the best sealer I

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.308796
Retrieved Text: Polyform Sculpey Bake and Bond uses with oven-bake clay. This adhesive will adheres raw clay to raw clay, raw clay to baked clay and baked clay to baked clay. It eliminates the need to apply excessive pressure to join clay pieces and prevents the distortion of shapes and fine details. This package contains 59 ml/2 fluid ounces of Bake and Bond. Non-toxic and conforms to ASTM D4236. Made in USA.
Whether for beginners or enthusiasts, premo! Sculpey metalcutters make creating jewelry pieces, papercrafting, andseasonal decor fun. A variety of cutter designs offer quick and easy shape making and add dimension to any clay project!
Stamp; mark; texture; cut; brand and more with this great tool set! This twenty-seven piece set includes everything you need to add special and unique touches to all of your clay projects. This package contains a handy plastic tool box with a transparent hinged lid and three large compartments with ten movable separators; two 5-1/2-inch aluminum double-ended handles; three 1-1/2-inch cutting wheels: straight; large wave and short wave; three sphere points: 6-millimeter; 8-millimeter and 10-millimeter; three point tips: fine; rounded and medium; nine specialty tips: feather point; star; moon; dart board; stencil; shading; lines; dot point and script; two assembly heads; three texture points: smooth; large scallop and small scallop; one 1-1/8-inch cutting tip and one small plastic storage hanging tube. Recommended for children ages 8 and up. WARNING: Choking Hazard-small parts and functional sharp objects. Not for children under 8 years. Imported.
Looking for more Polymer Clay Accessories similar ideas? Try to explore these

########
Rank: 8
Score: 48.137268
Retrieved Text: Today I’m discussing baking temperature and why it’s so important for getting good results with your polymer clay projects. When baking polymer clay, temperature is everything! This article is second in a series on Baking Polymer Clay. Part 1 of this series discussed choosing the right oven for baking or curing your polymer clay projects. Part 3 will be give specific tips and tricks about baking polymer clay.
What temperature should you bake polymer clay?
All ovens lie, so get a thermometer to verify what the actual temperature is. Adjust the dial to get the correct temperature.
For a good cure with polymer clay, temperature is important!
If your clay is burning, your oven is too hot. Period.
Most polymer clay is more heat tolerant than you’d expect. It will not instantly burn at 1° above the recommended setting.
Polymer clay does not burn and turn black unless the oven is near 350°F (190°C).
If you reduce the temperature out of fear of burning, you will underbake your project which leads to breakage.
Different brands have different recommended temperatures. In most cases, aim for the temperature on the label.
Most ovens have terrible temperature control, so baking is your most likely culprit if you have breakage or browning.
Make sure to read the articles on polymer clay Ovens, Tips and Tricks, and Baking Time.
People often contact me for help when they’re having trouble getting good results with their polymer clay. And after some investigation, I almost always find that the problems are caused by baking polymer clay projects at an incorrect temperature. One of the most

########
Rank: 9
Score: 47.79122
Retrieved Text: Angela Mabray shows heat embossing on polymer clay. She includes tips for embossing both baked and unbaked clay. You can also find a fun tutorial using this technique on her blog here.
You will need polymer clay, a rubber stamp, pigment ink, embossing powder and a heat gun.
Roll out the clay onto a nice thin sheet of clay and bake the selected piece. Then stamp the baked clay with ink as desired. Sprinkle the embossing powder onto the stamped area and tap off the excess powder. Next, heat the embossed area with the embossing gun and watch it change from powder to solid.
You can also add decorative clay borders and bake the polymer clay again to add some flourishes.
You can make your own color of embossing powder!
Mix together Pearl Ex and embossing powder. Combine one part Pearl Ex pigment with two parts clear embossing powder, mixing them together in a small bowl with a plastic spoon until evenly blended.
The exact amount of embossing powder you need will vary depending on how dramatic you want the effect to be and how thin the paper is. More absorbent paper requires a greater amount of embossing powder.
For use with an average sized stamp and heavy card stock, 1/4 tsp (1.25 ml) Pearl Ex pigment and 1/2 tsp (2.5 ml) clear embossing powder should be sufficient.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 47.720352
Retrieved Text: In this post I have compiled a beautiful collection of food-inspired jewelry. Creative miniature rings, necklace, tops and earrings inspired by different food items.
These fried eggs were handcrafted from polymer clay and placed on silver plated earrings. Each of eggs measures about 11/16 inch (18mm).
This listing is for a pair of open-faced peanut butter jelly sandwiches on wheat bread.
Each bread slice is 12mm tall (half an inch) and mounted on brass studs.
This miniature sandwich pendant features double layers of mayonnaise, fresh lettuce, cheese and sliced ham between two crispy baguette bread. The baguette has an authentic and crisp looking, it is a great accessory for sundays breakfast or lunch breaks at work.
Two freshly baked chocolate chip cookies mounted on metal studs. Those tiny chewy treats were handcrafted out of polymer clay and measures 14mm (9/16 inches) in diameter.
The miniature avocados were made by hand, from polymer clay. Each avocado measures 13/16 inch (21mm) in length. They dangle from sterling silver ear wires.
A Samoa is a vanilla cookie coated in caramel, sprinkled with toasted coconut and laced with chocolate stripes. Thin Mint cookie is a peppermint wafer covered with a smooth chocolaty coating.
These lovely ice cream sandwiches feature two yummy and moistly wafers that keep vanilla cream together. Each of these frozen treats is 6/8 inch (20mm) tall by 3/8 inch (10mm) across. They dangle from sterling silver ear wires.
The sweet ice cream cone filled with creamy chocolate, topped with rich vanilla sauce and multicolored sprinkles.
Besides the melting mozzarella, this supreme pair of pizza slices topped with

########
Rank: 11
Score: 47.67498
Retrieved Text: If you make a round bead with polymer clay, and put it in a tray to bake it, what keeps that bead from rolling around in the pan? And if you bake more than one polymer clay bead, what’s to keep them from all rolling to the same corner where they’ll all bake together where they touch? You need to put your raw clay bead on some surface that will keep them from rolling around. Some people use accordion folded paper. Others use polyester fiberfill or quilt batting. But another simple option is to place them all on a bed of cornstarch or baking soda.
If you’re making a flat pendant, for example, when you set it on a pan or tile it will have shiny spots on the back. You can use a piece of paper under your clay to prevent this. Or, you can just set the pendant on a bed of cornstarch or baking soda.
Irregular shapes that need a little support can be partly buried so that the powder will support them and they won’t droop during baking.
Most ovens heat with an electric element that gets very hot and glows orange while the oven is heating up, or when the element cycles on to keep up the oven’s temperature. Unless you’re using a convection oven that circulates the heat, this direct radiant heat can cause your polymer clay items to toast brown even if your oven is set to the correct temperature! This is particularly a problem for light colored and translucent polymer clays.
To

########
Rank: 12
Score: 47.641453
Retrieved Text: Discover techniques for creating stunning accessories in polymer clay (Fimo) with artist, designer, and jewellery-maker Jane Burnley. Polymer clay is a wonderful ‘plastic’ type clay which comes in bright vibrant colours, is easy to handle and is baked hard in an oven. You will make a stunning polymer clay shawl pin, a fabulous feature for any loosely woven scarf or shawl. Jane will show you how to make the most of your resources, and you will also make a matching pendant or brooch from the waste clay.
– What makes for a successful design.
– How to blend colours.
– Various techniques to make patterns, textures, effects and colour mixing.
– How to construct a scarf pin design.
– About polishing and finishing.
This workshop will keep your scarf in place all day!
Please note there is a £6 material charge payable on the workshop day.
A set of preferably round fondant/cookie cutters (from small to 30mm) would be useful and superglue but both are optional.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 47.54359
Retrieved Text: Donut Hair Clips Polymer Clay Choose 1 or 2!
These super cute hair clips are handmade using polymer clay, "glaze", and plastic sprinkles!
Also choose your "glaze" colors!
Every donut comes with a random assortment of plastic sprinkles!
These come in a cute jewelry box!
If you have any questions please message me!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 47.39449
Retrieved Text: In this polymer clay tutorial I’ll show you the Jessama Smear technique for finishing off the sides of polymer clay pendants. It requires a bit of practice, but once you master it, it will take your polymer clay projects to the next level.
There are a few tips and tricks to get it right, from how wet your hands are, to how soft your clay is. It’s also very important to smear on the right amount of clay. Too much won’t look good and too little won’t get the job done. I'll walk you through it, step by step in the video.
To start you’ll need a soft piece of clay. Make sure it’s soft and slightly sticky. I always use Premo. If the clay is too hard it won’t stick to the side of your pendant and will simple peel away.
To make your clay soft you can roll the small ball in your hand to warm it up. If this doesn’t work you can always add some translucent liquid clay to soften it up.
Once your clay is nice and soft you can start smearing.
Moisten your fingers with a wet wipe before you begin.
Roll your clay into a small log and place one of the short ends along the side of your pendant.
Now smear that log against the side of your pendant. You need to press as hard as you can to get the clay to stick and to smear away excess clay at the same time. Keep moistening and cleaning your fingers as you go to prevent

########
Rank: 15
Score: 46.69582
Retrieved Text: In this video I show the process of creating miniature succulents of self-hardening polymer clay (cold porcelain).
In the second part of this DIY I continue to show the process of creating different types of succulents from self-hardening polymer clay (cold porcelain).
This tutorial is for beginners, who still have few tools, who have not decided what tools they need in the future.
Good afternoon. I want to share a little idea. New year holidays are comming, I think this DIY may be helpful.
Today I will try to describe the process of creating a polymer clay branch. The fruits of this tree are very small, but this, I think, is the charm.
Today I want to show you a simple DIY on creating a mini-topiary under glass which wold decorate a workplace or a bookshelf, serve as a gift.
In this tutorial I want to tell you how to make a hollow pendant with a simple striped pattern using scraps of polymer clay.
Today I want to share with you an idea of making a pendant in the shape of two charming lovers! I hope it will be interesting and simple :) You need: 1. Work surface (I have glass from the frame). 2.
1. Materials and tools 2. Blanks In my case, the grass is monochromatic, but consists of two fields with a clear border.
Hello! I want to share with your a DIY on how to imitate knitting from polymer clay. This would be a "knitted" brooch with buttons.
Materials and Tools: - box- polymer clay - rolling pin- blade- acrylic paint- coating

########
Rank: 16
Score: 46.492878
Retrieved Text: These polymer clay Homemade Christmas Ornaments are a fun project and will make a great addition to a tree or tie one onto a gift for extra special gift wrapping.
Are you familiar with polymer clay? If not, and you’re the crafty diy type, you should be! It’s such a fun and easy medium to work with. It’s pretty inexpensive too, which is always a good thing. You can create so many things with polymer clay: jewelry, figurines or simple Homemade Christmas Ornaments, like these I’m sharing with you today. Then bake to harden it up right in your own oven in about 15 minutes. It’s so easy! Polymer clay comes in so many different colors and can be painted as well.With the holidays upon us I decided to make some homemade Christmas ornaments that can also double as a gift tag. They are very quick to make and the cost are minimal. These ornaments would be a great afternoon craft project for a group of kids or perhaps a ladies coffee get together? How fun would that be?
I like simple things, so I made a circle ornament with “JOY” gently pressed in the center, a little hole was made with a toothpick, and once baked, the edges were painted with gold leaf paint. To hang the ornaments I used a cotton twine, but a thin ribbon or ornament hook good be used as well. They are super cute and simple, and as I mentioned before would be perfect to tie onto a gift as a little

########
Rank: 17
Score: 46.37261
Retrieved Text: These rubbery "Crocs" style sandals were made for a 7-inch tall doll with flat feet using Sugru moldable silicone. You can use a similar method to make sandals using polymer clay or the homemade version of Sugru, Oogoo if you prefer. The Sugru or Oogoo make a very realistic "rubbery" sandal, although some parts must be cured before final assembly, which makes this a two-step (two-day) process as you wait for the first stages to cure before adding in the final details.
It is useful to have a photo or an example of real 'crocs' sandals as a reference.
The miniature "Crocs" sandals for the doll were shaped over a pair of custom shoe "lasts" which can be used to make a range of miniature shoes. Using lasts prevents accidental staining or moldable silicone adhering to the doll's foot.
Use these instructions for making shoe lasts for dolls to make the basic shape you will model your 'crocs' sandals over. Once you have made the lasts (mine are made from waste polymer clay) wrap the lasts with cling film (plastic film) taking care to set any seams for the film on the sole side of the last. You want the sandal upper to be shaped over a layer of film with as few wrinkles as possible.
If you are making your doll sized "Crocs" sandals from Sugru, make sure you have all your materials ready before you begin, as you have only 30 minutes working time with the material before it begins to set. You will need the shoe lasts

########
Rank: 18
Score: 46.33812
Retrieved Text: One of the best things about stamping with unbaked polymer clay is that the malleable material gives users more options for texturing compared to other material. When you stamp on unbaked polymer clay, you are able to rock your stamp back and forth to create deeper impressions compared to material like paper where rocking your rubber stamps are generally discouraged to prevent smearing. The deeper grooves your rubber stamps have, the better your stamped image will be. In order to keep your stamped images consistent and clean, you will be required to clean your stamps using either stamp cleaner or water at regular intervals to prevent clumps of clay from sticking into the grooves. For stubborn material, you can make use of tooth picks to gently scrape your rubber stamps clean.
Unbaked polymer clay is compatible with most inks, but you want inks that can be permanent to retain it’s intensity after baking the clay. A good recommendation for the procedure would be StazOn ink. You can stamp on unbaked polymer clay after applying ink to your rubber stamps. Stamping is relatively easy since there is little you have to take note of- it can essentially be treated the same way you stamp on paper. Just remember to clean your rubber stamps and you will be set!
If you are looking for a fancier effect, you can choose to stamp your unbaked polymer clay with pearl powders as well. Pearl powders are useful for creating a certain texture when combined with your polymer clay, what’s more, it can

########
Rank: 19
Score: 46.1487
Retrieved Text: Glow-in-the-dark stickers can serve as emergency lights when the power goes out, teach children about stars and constellations, or just add some fun to nighttime activities. They are easy to make with your kids, whether you choose polymer clay, glow vinyl, or glow-in-the-dark paint. Fortunately, you don’t have to know how they work to enjoy the results of your project.
Combine simple coloring book or greeting card images with craft paint on adhesive printer sheets for personalized stickers. If you don’t want to use printer paper, add a tab of double-sided tape or spray adhesive to the back of your creations. Trace your designs onto the printer paper. Paint them with acrylic glow-in-the-dark paint and allow it to dry completely. Go over the lines and details with a permanent marker and cut out your stickers.
Using your computer’s printer for your images may result in smeared work when the paint hits the ink.
These may be the easiest craft project ever. Use your crafty die-cutting machine to cut stickers from glow vinyl, or trace a mirror image of your designs onto the back of the vinyl and cut it out. Add double-stick tape or spray adhesive, and you’re set.
Let your stickers pop from the surface when you make them with glow-in-the-dark polymer clay.
Condition your clay according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Generally, this means squeezing and rolling it in your hands for about 5 minutes.
Spread parchment paper on your work station to prevent stains from the clay. You may also use a large ceramic tile.
Press the clay onto the surface,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 45.89304
Retrieved Text: I added crushed, shiny micaceous (meaning it’s loaded with mica) rock, fine gold glitter, and Blank Slate Gold and Silver Flake Mix, in order of volume, to some Premo! polymer clay (a Sculpey product). That’s why it’s sparkly and can appear darker or very light depending on how the light shines on it and it moves, you see sparkles as well as flashes and glints.
Aside: The Backstory on the Micaceous Rock: https://www.flickr.com/photos/sari0009/19354330223/in/dateposted-..
Viva Decor’s US office closed in 2015 and my bottle is labeled “Precious Metal Colour” because that is how the UK spells it. Many sites and blogs still use the US spelling (Precious Metal Color), you may notice.
Viva Decor Closed Their USA Office in 2015. European Offices remain open. 2016.
Precious Metal Colour gold colored paint, specifically, has larger glitter-like particles while the mica powder has super fine (!) particles.
Alone, Pearl-Ex mica powder has a very slight orangish undertone by comparison.
Alone, Previous Metal Color is a bit bright and silvery.
Combined, the color is amazing and the larger particles of the paint aren’t glaringly evident.
Rule: With mica powder, less is more, meaning you start by adding very small amounts and adjust according to your liking. I found my mix pleasing as a 14 karat gold color.
This doctored up Viva Decor “Precious Metal Colour” acrylic/enamel paint was painted in 3 or 4 layers on an already baked Premo polymer clay mix.
Viva Decor Precious Metal Color In Gold Color Heat-set (Baked) on Already Cured Premo Polymer Clay at 275 F for 30 Mins., Karen A. Scofield Wordpress Blog. 2016.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 45.890816
Retrieved Text: I have a question about the Clay contest criteria....debating whether to do an instructable for a DIY downdraft kiln vent for under $50 (cf $450-600 to buy) that I built. I've actually been waiting for the clay contest before publishing, however the contest criteria says: "For the purpose of this contest, any project that uses a moldable, malleable, clay-like product will be eligible." So question is, would a kiln vent be eligible? Previous contest criteria has been "all things" related to said topic, but this seems more narrow in scope. Obviously a kiln vent is not made with clay, but it certainly fits the pottery topic. What to the contest gurus say?
Ok, Multiple Questions (below) - Is there an easy way to make Good, Hard, Air Dry clay. - Is there a place that sells Lots of clay for cheap. - Can mud be turned into clay somehow :/ ? NOTE: lives in TX, is working on new instructable, and needs LOTS of clay for cheap.
Has any one got any plans on how to make a clay pigeon launcher.i think i have every thing i need but i could use a video or something to see how the thowing arm works.Thanks for all your help.
I ws going make a wand out of wood, and I was making the handle out of clay. The problem with polymer clay is I can't use the oven, and the problem with air dry is I don't know if it will crack when it's dry. Which one???
what is the fastest way

########
Rank: 22
Score: 45.786053
Retrieved Text: 1 Handmade Polymer Clay Beads Giraffe Print Tubes 30mm. Fun beads with an animal skin pattern, created by hand using polymer clay. These polymer clay beads have been baked and hand polished to a high standard of finish.
These clay beads measure 30mm in length hole to hole bt 7mm in diameter, but as with any hand made item the size and shape of each bead may vary.
These unique designs were produced by polymer clay artist Claire Lockwood of Something to do Beads.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 45.76723
Retrieved Text: Paint the jar with Seaside Villa chalk paint. When dry, lightly sand.
Sprinkle a layer of the rainbow sprinkles onto a piece of aluminum foil. Carefully spray with sealer and allow to dry. Spread out the sprinkles so they don’t touch each other.
Poke a hole in the Styrofoam ball for the lollipop stick. Wrap the stick with painter’s tape to prevent the clay and paint from ruing the lollipop stick.
Cover a few Styrofoam balls with Strawberry Pink collage clay. Sprinkle with the sealed sprinkles and gently push the sprinkles into the clay. Allow to dry.
Add few drops of Lemonade to the Vanilla White clay and cover a few Styrofoam balls with the tinted clay. Repeat the same steps for applying the sprinkles. Tint the Vanilla White clay with the other colors listed and create your remaining cake pops.
When the cake pops are dry, remove the painter’s tape from the sticks and hot glue in place. Tie a small piece of peach ribbon around the stick as shown.
Fill the jar with foam pieces. Press the cake pope into the foam. Top the foam with Vanilla White clay and sprinkle with the remaining sprinkles.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 45.748444
Retrieved Text: All of the polymer clay covered crochet hooks I created that afternoon.
In this post I will demonstrate how to make a handle for any aluminum or steel crochet hook out of polymer clay.
Sometimes crocheting with a standard hook can make your hands sore. Most hook holders I have seen really don't do much because they are really small or way too big and awkward. I have thought about buying new hooks with larger grips but I really don't have the money to replace my whole collection of aluminum hooks.
The only supplies you really need are an oven, polymer clay, and a steel crochet hook. Anything else you add to create your work of art is icing on the cake. In this tutorial I will also be using a stamp to for adding the size letter to the handle. I will also be using an old credit card to cut the clay. This produces a nice edge but is not necessary.
This is the clay I used to create these hooks.
Start with your polymer clay and get it warmed up and easy to work with. When it is ready start forming it into a large cylinder. This will be the base of your handle.
If you want if perfect and round take a lot of time in this stage to remove any dents or impurities from your tube. If you're like me and want to make some crazy design with curves that might not be 100% perfect, the tube below is a perfect starting place.
Work your crochet hook into

########
Rank: 25
Score: 45.722622
Retrieved Text: This project has been designed for metal clay beginners using minimal tools and equipment. You can create this eye-catching copper daisy or create your own unique design using different shape cutters and textures.
You could add colour using a Swellegant Dye-Oxide, adjusting the depth of colour by adding more layers.
To make the pendant bale, open the clay packet and remove a small piece of clay. Place the remaining clay in an airtight container. Roll in the palm of the hand to form a snake shape. Place on a non-stick surface and roll backwards and forwards to elongate the snake using a snake roller or Perspex sheet, ensuring it’s even in width.
Flood the clay with water using a spritzer bottle and leave for a minute. This ensures the clay can be shaped without cracking. Cut 2–3cm lengths and gently ease into horseshoe shapes around a straw. You will have to manipulate it as it will want to spring open. Leave to dry in a warm place (a radiator or electric oven at 110°C for 30 minutes).
With the remaining clay, roll into a tight ball in the palms of your hands and then place on a non-stick surface. Using 2mm spacers (or eight playing cards either side), roll the clay flat. Lubricate two texture mats (or wallpaper) with Badger Balm and sandwich the clay and 1.5mm spacers (six playing cards) between the textures. Roll firmly. Remove textures and place clay back on non-stick surface.
Using cutters of your choice, cut out a large and a small shape. Practise with polymer

########
Rank: 26
Score: 45.52512
Retrieved Text: Painted polymer clay pendants - the right sealer?
Hi guys, I've been looking for a good sealer for my polymer clay jewerly.
I make necklaces out of white Fimo pro polymer clay and paint them with Amsterdam acrylics. They need to be able to handle being used, so I need a good sealer to start selling my product!
I tried a type of epoxy resin and it didn't get hard - i suspect this is because of the plasticizer in the polymer clay?
Try Varathane (brand name) It's a polyurethane varnish that I used when making my polymer clay Chakra bracelets . You can get it in gloss, semi-gloss and satin.
try Lisa pavelkas magic glos! It’s made for policlay, domed easily for that glass-like look, cures quickly in the sun or under a UV lamp and once dry, it can be baked again and again for additional polymer clay embellishments. Get it at www.firemountaingems.com, just search magic glos!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 45.52178
Retrieved Text: Copper and blue. Ever think of those colors together; they are stunning together. I grew up in the Southwest and was reminded of canyons and mesas with bright blue skies up above. I was inspired by these colors that I just had to make a pendant using these colors.
I made this pendant using bake polymer clay and Makin's Clay tools; 3 piece rectangle and round cutters and coils texture sheet from set H.
To make this pendant I rolled a sheet at the 2nd thickest setting then stacked two sheets. I textured the clay, cut out the rectangle shape. Using the rectangle shape as my center, I then cut out the the circle shape and baked the clay. For the surface treatment, I used blue acrylic paint in the crevices, and wiped paint off the raised areas. I then colored in the raised with Copper Gilder's Paste and finally wire wrapped beads and a made bail out of the same wire. I hope you enjoyed this pendant.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 45.299984
Retrieved Text: Key Concept-Goal: The student will be able to work with clay and be able to form a clay pumpkin medallion and paint it to take home.
Vocabulary: Use words from the ceramics vocabulary handout.
Essential Skills-Objectives-Art Aims: After showing the student how to form the clay medallion and decorate it, the student will make one of their own.
Engagement Activities- Procedure: Teacher makes the clay disks. Student will pick one up. Use a pointed stick to draw the picture. You can make beads if you have time. Put them in a plastic cup with students name tag. After firing, paint the medallion and beads. When dry, student will paint acrylic on it to make it shiny. Teacher will string the necklace with beads and yarn.
Materials: clay, cloths, pointed stick, toothbrush, water,paint, water, newspaper, brushes, acrylic polymer.
Organization for distribution: Water on table. Grocery line to pick up clay, cloth and tools. Painting- paint will be on table, get brushes, clay piece and newspaper.
Cleanup: Each one folds cloth and puts it in box, put back sticks and toothbrush, put clay piece and nametag on board.
Assessment- Evaluation: Does it look neat? Is it painted carefully?
Higher Level Questions: How do you create a clay medallion?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 45.231136
Retrieved Text: clay ideas cute garden ideas back flower pot painting designs clay pots decorations ideas cute mini flowers mud small snowman made from color for colouring polymer clay ideas cute.
clay ideas cute clay project ideas cute clay project ideas free polymer clay craft ideas clay project ideas polymer clay ideas cute.
clay ideas cute room decor with clay cute clay ideas pinterest.
clay ideas cute la petite artist cute polymer clay charms cute clay charms clay ideas cute polymer clay jewelry ideas.
clay ideas cute what do you think about this cute polymer clay snowmen brooch if you like them you can create yours from scratch with clay or you can buy any of them on cute polymer clay charm ideas.
clay ideas cute cute clay charms sushi tutorial polymer clay ideas cute.
clay ideas cute dachshund figurine short legged long bodied dog breed dachshund cute polymer clay charm ideas.
clay ideas cute make a simple mothers day clay fingerprint love how the little fingers made a air dry clay cute ideas.
clay ideas cute cute clay figures lucky baby elephant polymer figure by figurine cute clay ideas pinterest.
clay ideas cute how to use crafts clay crafts 12monthsof cute clay ideas pinterest.
clay ideas cute cute dragon polymer clay ideas cute.
clay ideas cute cute clay ideas that entice your creativity cute polymer clay charm ideas.
clay ideas cute a cute craft to do with sea shells and polymer clay gorgeous snails using air dry clay model magic polymer clay ideas cute.
clay ideas cute molding clay ideas wee ornament so simple and easy would make cute beads

================



======= Instance Index 1001 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To cut the rolled out poptart pie dough

Choice 1: cut rectangles the size of a poptart,  roughly 3 by 5 inches

Choice 2: cut triangles the size of a poptart,  roughly 3 by 5 inches

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 55.21601
Retrieved Text: Are you a poptart lover? I am. I try not to keep them in the house except for a special treat, but then I saw on Pinterest how people are making their own HOMEMADE poptarts. That’s right, I said homemade poptarts. So I figured I’d give it a try and share with you all how they came out. Now, nothing can replace a poptart, not even a toaster streudal (that’s right, I’m a “team poptart” kind of girl), but I figured it couldn’t hurt to give it a try. I have found several recipes on Pinterest and I decided to begin with the easiest recipe, and of course I filled mine with Biscoff.
1. Once you have selected your pie crust and filling. Preheat your oven to 350 degrees.
2. Premade pie crusts usually come two to a package, rolled and individually sealed. Remove one rolled pie crust from its packaging and unroll onto a cutting board. Take a rolling pin and lightly roll the pie crust out so it is a little thinner. This step will depend on how thin you would like your tarts to be.
3. Once the crust is rolled out to the consistency you prefer you can cut the dough into squares using a sharp knife.
TIP: I used the sides and end of the pie crust box to help me roughly cut out a rectangular piece of dough which I then used as a template to cut out the other pieces before filling the tarts.
4. Place the filling in the center of one of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.626217
Retrieved Text: Any baker worth his salt will tell you that leftover uncooked pie crust can be wrapped and frozen then thawed and rolled even weeks later. I used to wrap and freeze mine but I had this bad habit of forgetting those balls wrapped in cling film and they get pushed farther and farther back in the freezer. Perhaps, it’s force of habit. When I want to make a pie, I automatically reach for chilled butter, Crisco, flour, salt and sugar.
After assembling my beef pot pie earlier today (recipe for that coming up), I realized I had leftover crust dough — more than usual because I used a smaller pie dish. With just Speedy and me in the house, why bake a 12-inch pie? I was about to reach for the roll of cling film when an idea hit me. I remembered the toasted bread, butter, honey and sesame seeds. If the trick used in that recipe is good with day-old bread, why not with crisp pie crust cut into fingers? I decided to experiment.
And there’s the result. The leftover crust dough was rolled out, cut into fingers, fried in butter until golden and crisp, then rolled in melted jam and sprinkled with toasted sesame seeds.
If you want to try making these light and crisp biscuits that go so well with hot tea, here’s how.
Roll out the dough into a little less than 1/4 inch thick. Using a sharp pointed knife, cut into fingers.
In an oil-free pan, toast some sesame seeds. Transfer the sesame seeds to a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.111034
Retrieved Text: OK, these are crazy good — and made to order. These mini pot pies are perfect when I have a variety of leftovers. My kids get to choose what they want in them; turkey, chicken, pork — doesn’t matter what the preferred combination is because they satisfy their tummies every time!
In a large bowl, mix together vegetables, condensed soup, cheese, milk and seasonings.
Split the mixture in half and spoon into two separate bowls.
Add the meat to the vegetable mixture and toss until completely blended.
Roll out the dough if it is not pre-rolled.
Cut circles large enough to press the dough against the sides and bottom of 4 ramekins.
Cut circles of dough large enough to place on top of each pie.
Pinch the edges of the dough, and cut two slices on top to let steam escape.
Place each pie on an aluminum-lined baking sheet and bake for 35 minutes or until crust is golden brown.
For a shiny crust, you can whisk one egg white with one teaspoon of water and brush it on top of each pie before baking.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.097054
Retrieved Text: It is best to use a couple of different kinds of baking apples, as they will each lend their own flavors and nuances to the dish. It is important to rotate the pan and change the temperature partway through the baking process.
In a large bowl, combine all the pie crust ingredients. Crumble lightly together until well combined. Mix in the cold water and bring the dough together with a fork. Divide the dough into two pieces and set one back in the bowl covered with a damp towel. Roll out the first piece of dough on a generously floured surface until about 4 mm thick, or large enough to cover the bottom and side of a pie pan. Place the rolled-out dough in a pie plate or dish.
For the apple mixture, in another bowl combine apple mixture ingredients. Pour the apple mixture into the prepared pie dish. Place the 28 g of butter around the top of the apple mixture, in small pieces. Roll out the remaining dough into a top crust and place on top of the pie. Crimp the edges of the pie and cut off any excess dough. Cut a few small vent slots in the top of the crust. Place on the wire rack set on position 2. Turn the convection steam oven on by selecting the Auto Steam Bake Mode set to 230°C. Set the timer for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, open the oven and rotate the pie. Reduce the temperature to 210°C and set the timer for 20 minutes.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.075226
Retrieved Text: Add apple pieces, sugar, cinnamon powder and water and cook on medium heat, till apples are soft and form a pulp.
Keep refrigerated for further use.
1)Mix together maida, sugar, butter and a pinch of salt and knead it, till they look like bread crumbs.
Make a space in between the flour and pour milk and water and make it into a paste.
Make the dough soft using fists.
Roll it into a big ball and cover with a film of oil.
Keep in fridge for an hour.
:- You can keep it refrigerated for 3 days for later use.
Take a round 9" pie pan or pie dish.
Take two third of the dough and roll it into a round in order to fit the bottom of pie pan and a little extra to spare.
:- The rolled out dough should be large enough so that it extends a bit over the edges of the pan.
Smear water or egg wash over the edges, so that dough sticks to the edges of pan.
Fill the pan with the apple pulp.
Cover it with the rest of the dough rolled out into a round.
:- Make sure that the covering merges with the edges.
Cut out the protruding edges and trim it using fingers.
Smear egg wash over the pie in a layer and sprinkle some sugar on top.
Make 2 - 3 small cuttings on top of the pie.
Pre heat oven to 430 farenheit(230degree celsius).
Continue to bake in 375 farenheit(190 degrees)for 15 - 20 mins.
:- Try it with other fillings like berries, bananas, etc.
Hi, A very detailed explanation to make a very

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.04688
Retrieved Text: 1/8 cup maple or date syrup.
1-2 cups freshly pitted cherries.
In your food processor, pulse the walnuts and de-hulled hemp seeds into a fine powder.
Add coconut oil and maple syrup to it and mix until it sticks to each other forming a ball-like structure.
Press 2/3 of this dough into a small pie dish (A 4-inch spring form pan would do) and place it in your fridge for 2-3 hours to set.
The remaining dough is rolled out between two sheets of parchment paper then stick in the freezer for about 1-2 hours until it hardens.
Once your rolled out dough is hard, cut it into strips and carefully create a lattice crust on parchment paper. As you do this, be careful to not flip back the strips but simply slide the strips under each other.
Now fill your pie crust with cherries, gently transfer your lattice crust on top of your cooled pie, rip off excess strips, and press those sides together.
Serve right away as it tastes best when its eaten on the same day its being made.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.03778
Retrieved Text: It had been my resolution to swear off pie indefinitely. Alas, that resolution was broken almost as soon as it was made, because there's no way I can resisit my husband's apple pie. No pie lover could. Because Tom Liszkay makes the best apple pie in this quadrant of the galaxy.
Granted, it was me who taught him how, but in this case the pupil has far out shone the master. The pupil has become the master!
But more than my instruction alone has gone into the making of this contemporary piemaster.
For example, it was Tom's mother who formulated the remedy to cure his pies of their soggy bottom crusts by baking the bottom crust for 11 minutes before adding the apple filling.
And it was Tom himself who developed his own slicing style: alternating thin with thicker roundish slices that he piles into the pie plate and in such a way that they bake through to juicy perfection.
Cross-section of Tom's apple pie.
blueberry, rhubarb, strawberry, coconut custard, I mean, you name it!
But here's the thing: My mother is one of those persons who doesn't really need a recipe. It's as if she communes with the food, as if the ingredients just her send telepathic messages regarding how they like to be put together. And so my own pie-ducation consisited of watching what my mother did then trying on my own to duplicate her results. And when those results were less than stellar there was no recipe to consult. I had to just pie, pie again.
And the crust - don't

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.01001
Retrieved Text: Pretty, tasty and portable, these apple pie pockets are sure to be a hit at any barbeque!
First things first… decide whether you want to make your apple pie pockets the homemade way or the faster, more convenient way. If you’re pressed for time, purchase ready made refrigerated pie crust from the grocery store. If you’re feeling more adventurous, you can make your pie crust from scratch. I highly recommend Smitten Kitchen’s All Butter, Really Flaky Pie Dough. Not only is her recipe amazing but she has a great step-by-step tutorial with tons of tips on how to make a buttery, flaky pie crust.
After you’ve decided on the pie crust you are going to use, the next obvious decision is what filling you are going to use. For my apple pie pockets, I used a delicious Caramel Apple recipe from The Purple Foodie. The apples were amazing but I ended up with a little bit more liquid than I wanted in my pockets. No big deal… I just poured some of it out and it worked out perfect.
To create your apple pie pockets, start by rolling out your pie crust dough. Make sure that you roll your dough on a floured surface. I tried rolling the dough between wax paper, as I do with cookie dough, and ended up with a sticky mess! Also, roll the dough thinner than you would for a pie. You will have a top and bottom layer on each pie pocket so you don’t want the dough to be so thick that

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.817917
Retrieved Text: As autumn deepens and the weather transitions from cool to cold, my thoughts turn to pie. Pumpkin, apple, mincemeat – the pie fillings of the season beg for warming spices and a dollop of gingered whipped cream on top. But pie is a two-part dance. The crust, too, must pull its weight. Whether single or double, a good pie crust will be substantial enough to hold the weight of its savory, fruity filling, yet light and flaky enough to lift the pie’s character along with its seasonal ingredients.
If your pie crust must be gluten-free, the burden of balancing substance and loft can be particularly challenging. Over the past few months, I have had the pleasure of testing a few brand new gluten-free pie crust recipes.
Over the course of my testing, this crust was subjected to temperatures as high as 425°F for over an hour and did not crumble, scorch or otherwise behave as though it were gluten-free. It is a more traditional style of dough, ie, dough that is briefly kneaded, then rolled and lifted into the pan.
The second recipe, courtesy of Nutiva, an organic superfoods company, is cut from a different cloth – this is not your grandma’s pie crust! As this crust does not require rolling out before being placed in the pan, it took me a moment to visualize what to do with the dough once it was mixed. But, if rolling out gluten-free dough is the bane of your existence, consider this dough your new best friend. Simply drop the dough into

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.808468
Retrieved Text: There’s no better way to welcome spring than with ruby-red stalks of rhubarb. Here it’s sliced, sweetened, and poured between two buttery pastry crusts. Serve the pie warm with freshly whipped cream or scoops of vanilla bean ice cream.
For the pie crusts: Whisk together flour, salt and sugar in a large bowl. Cube butter and add to flour mixture. Use a pastry blender to cut butter into dry ingredients until pea-sized pieces of butter are scattered throughout. Add ice cold water 1 tablespoon at a time until dough starts to form a ball. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and knead briefly until dough is formed. Divide dough in half and shape into 2 flat disks. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour.
Roll out one dough disk into a 12-inch circle. Press the dough evenly into bottom and up sides of 9-inch pie plate. Refrigerate while you prepare the rest of the recipe.
Place rhubarb in a large colander and pour boiling water over the slices. Shake colander to remove excess water and set aside.
Whisk together sugar, flour and tapioca flour in a large bowl. Add rhubarb and toss to coat using a large spoon. Let mixture stand 10 minutes. Add egg and stir together. Pour mixture into prepared pie crust in pie plate. Dot filling with pieces of butter.
Roll out second dough disk into a 12-inch circle. Cover pie filling with rolled dough and edges using a fork. Cut slits in top of crust so steam can escape during baking.
Bake

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.779846
Retrieved Text: Maybe you’re like me. Maybe you love pumpkin pie, but mostly, you just really love pie crust and the pumpkin part is an afterthought. Not just after the crust, but also after the whipped cream. You know, it’s like third.
If that is you, you are going to love these pumpkin pie cookies. Basically, it is a pie crust, rolled flat and smeared with pumpkin pie filling, then rolled up like a cinnamon roll, then sliced, sprinkled with cinnamon sugar, and baked.
Sounds good, right? It is. Also? Easy.
I used homemade pie crust, because I live for homemade pie crust. It’s one of the things that gets me out of bed every morning.
That said, if you hate making pie crust, or, if you’re just pressed for time, you could easily make them with a refrigerated one.
Little bites of fall, that’s what these are. I should have maybe even dipped them in whipped cream.
BLEND flour and salt in large bowl. Cut shortening into flour mixture using pastry blender or fork. Stir in just enough water with fork until dough holds together.
SHAPE dough into a ball. Flatten ball into 1/2-inch thick round disk.
TIP –For ease in rolling, wrap dough in plastic wrap. Chill for 30 minutes or up to 2 days.
ROLL dough from center outward into a circle 2-inches wider than pie plate on lightly floured surface for the bottom crust.
Preheat the oven to 375° and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix together your pumpkin, brown sugar, pumpkin pie spice, and cinnamon.Roll out your pie crust to normal

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.305046
Retrieved Text: Pepper Route > Entrée > A pie for Pi Day!
A pie for Pi Day!
March 14th, as you know, is Pi Day worldwide, a day on which math enthusiasts celebrate the constant 3.14, the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter. One way to celebrate the day is to have pie parties, or at least make and eat pies! And to join in with the spirit of celebrations, that is what I decided to do too... make a pie! Having been gorging on all kinds of sweet stuff during my recent vacation, my choice for this occasion was a pot pie... a vegetarian pot pie! A lot of veggies can go into this pie... The key ingredient that gives this pot pie a unique kick up is ginger root! And instead of using a roux to thicken the filling, I like to use coconut milk which is healthier and adds to the flavour and creaminess of the filling. And you can prepare the dough ahead of making the pie, and keep it chilled in the refrigerator up to 24 hours. This pie makes a very good winter meal. And the leftovers will freeze very well too.
3 cups mixed vegetables (red and green peppers, carrots, brussels sprouts) all cut into bite-size pieces. Peas too, but don’t cut them!
To make the pie crust, mix together the flour and salt. Cut the chilled butter into small pieces and add to the flour, shaking to coat each piece. Using a pastry blender, cut the butter into the flour

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.299114
Retrieved Text: Make your own pie dough and pass on the store-bought stuff with this foolproof recipe. The milk adds a little more fat and makes rolling out the dough much simpler. From the book "Mad Hungry," by Lucinda Scala Quinn (Artisan Books).
1. In a large bowl or in the bowl of a food processor, combine the flour and salt. Add the butter and cut in or pulse until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. (To "cut in" means to mix cold fat such as butter with dry ingredients to form small pieces.) Pour in the milk. Combine just until the dough holds together in a ball.
2. Turn the dough onto a piece of plastic wrap and lift the sides toward the middle to press them together. Cut the dough in half. Form each piece into a disk and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate for at least 15 minutes. If the dough has been refrigerated in advance, remove 15 minutes before using.
I use salted butter, so I omitted the salt. Butter adds flavor, milk adds flavor, time in fridge helps the flour absorb the liquid. I freeze my butter, then grate it for fast easy incorporating into the flour.
I used this recipe to make my first pie from scratch. It was a good recipe for a first timer.
I love this dough, I also use it to make cinnamon twist an other treats people love them. But the best is the apple pie. Thanks Martha I cook so much better.
So good and so dependable! I have used it numerous times

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.22838
Retrieved Text: When I was asked if I could make a Strawberry-Rhubarb pie for friend as a Christmas gift, I worried that I wouldn’t be able to find fresh fruit. Even though I live near the Strawberry growing capital of Florida (Plant City) and I see the fields already producing fruit, I usually think of strawberries as a spring and sometimes summer fruit.
Oddly enough, finding fresh strawberries wasn’t a problem. Fresh from Florida strawberries were plentiful. No, finding fresh rhubarb became the bane of my existence. I’ve never purchased or even tasted rhubarb, so I had to do some research. Who knew it was poisonous!?!!? In the end, I had to settle for frozen.
In the end, the pie turned out to be one of the prettiest and tastiest pies I’ve ever made. No, I didn’t cut into the pie, even though it was terribly tempting. Instead, I scraped every last bit of filling that bubbled over onto the cookie sheet.
In a large bowl, stir together flour and salt. Cut in butter and shortening using your fingers or a pastry cutter. When done, flour-butter mixture will look like coarse cornmeal. Add ice water a bit at a time stirring with a spoon, just until the dough will hold together. Form into a ball, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.
Divide dough ball in half. Refrigerate one half, while rolling out the other. Line a 9-10″ pie plate with rolled out dough. Refrigerate dough while preparing filling.
In a large bowl, stir together strawberries, rhubarb, sugars, cinnamon, and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.99047
Retrieved Text: Dust both sides of the rolled dough and your work surface with flour. Use the cookie cutter to cut out an even amount of stamps from the rolled pie dough. To make more, re-use the scraps by combining them, rolling them out until flat with a rolling pin, and then re-cutting. Place half of the cut outs on baking sheets.
Place about 1 inch of a candy stick onto each cut out, pressing lightly. Add a little less than a tablespoon of filling on top of each cut out on the baking sheet.
Place 1 of the reserved cut outs on top of a cut out with a stick and filling. Using part of a candy stick or fork, crimp the edges of the cutouts together to seal them. Repeat for the remaining cut outs on the baking sheet.
Using the pastry or basting brush, gently brush egg whites over each pastry.
Bake in an oven at 375 degrees F for 12-15 minutes (or until the edges on the pies have browned). Let cool, making sure to be careful with the sticks while the pies are in the cooling process.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.976105
Retrieved Text: Cut butter (or shortening, I use butter flavored) into flour and salt.
Split into 6 even balls, roll out on floured surface each ball, place in pie plate, crimp edges, prick with fork on bottom and sides before baking into your favorite pie.
Remaining dough may be rolled in plastic wrap tightly, put into freezer bags and frozen up to 6 months.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.892883
Retrieved Text: I found one of the first citations (1941) for "rugelach." This is a difficult food to trace because the names and spelling vary widely.
These cookies are known by different names in different countries: Kipfel (Germany), kifli (Yugolsavia) and cream cheese cookies (United States). Presumably, the first recipes for rugelach-type foods were introduced to America by immigrants from Hungary, Yugoslavia and neighboring countries. Some of these immigrants were Jewish.
"There is no other Jewish sweet that has gone more mainstream than rugelach. Basically a crescent-shaped cookies that comes from the Yiddish "rugel" (royal), it is also called kipfel, cheese bagelach, and cream-cheese horns of plenty in this country. The yeast-based and often butter or sour cream-based dough in Europe was usually rolled out into circles, cut into pie shapes, covered with nuts, raisins, sugar, and cinnamon and then rolled up like pinwheels. It can also be rolled out into a rectangle, covered with filling, rolled up, and cut into circles...The American addition to rugelach was cream cheese and the myriad fillings used today. The cream-cheese dough may have been developed by the Philadelphia Cream Cheese Company because the dough is often called Philadelphia cream-cheese dough. One of the the early cream-cheese doughs appeared in The Perfect Hostess, written in 1950 by Mildred Knopf. Mrs. Knopf, the sister-in-law of Alfred Knopf the publisher, mentioned that the recipe came from Nela Rubenstein, the wife of the famous pianist Arthur Rubenstein. It was Mrs. Knopf's friend Maida Heatter who put rugelah on the culinary map with Mrs. Heatter's grandmother's recipe. It

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.762966
Retrieved Text: I learned how to make pie crust from my grandmother Farish. She made the best pie I've ever tasted. Ever. I've changed her method a bit, but only because we have greater access to cool gizmos that weren't available way back when.
I like to use a silicone mat to roll out my dough, but any hard surface will do. You can also roll your dough between two sheets of freezer paper -- it's easier to transfer the rolled crust into a pie tin. Don't panic if your crust doesn't look perfect. Mine never does -- I don't mind if it looks a bit rustic. I care more about taste than presentation.
In the bowl of a food processor, combine flour, sugar and salt by pulsing 3 to 4 times. Add butter and pulse 6 to 12 times until texture looks mealy. Add shortening and butter, and pulse another 3 to 4 times.
Remove lid of food processor. Using two tablespoons at a time, sprinkle surface of flour mixture thoroughly with water. Pulse put the lid back on the food processor and pulse 3 times. Repeat this process until the dough holds together when squeezed. Important: You may not need to use all the water. Check your dough after each series of pulses so that that it doesn't end up soggy. If you have used all the water, and the dough still does not hold together, use another 2 tablespoons and pulse again.
Divide the dough in half. Place each half in a large zip-top plastic bag and seal. While

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.655376
Retrieved Text: This recipe was demonstrated for CUESA’s Market to Table program on May 26, 2018.
Glass or metal pie plate with angled sides – never ceramic and never a slope-sided pan.
To prepare the crust: Cut the butter into ½ inch cubes and place in the freezer. Measure out water and stir in the vinegar, sugar and salt until dissolved. Place in the freezer to chill. Measure the flour into a chilled bowl. Remove butter from freezer and, using a pastry cutter, two knives, or your fingers, cut the butter into the flour until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Use your hands to break up any large pieces of butter. Sprinkle the flour and butter with the water and vinegar mixture, a little at a time, tossing the mixture at first and then pressing together with your hands, until the dough just comes together. Pat into a disk, wrap with plastic, and chill for at least 1 hour or up to two days in the refrigerator (you can also store the dough in the freezer for up to several months, wrapped tightly in plastic wrap). Use a rolling pin to roll out the dough, then fit into a buttered pie plate. Trim excess dough so that the overhand just brushes the top of the counter (save the trimmings, and form into a square or rectangular dish; wrap well with plastic and freezer for another future use). Chill the dough in the pan for at least 1 hour. The more time you can allow your rolled dough to relax and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.6245
Retrieved Text: Have you made Carrot Pie?
1. FILLING AND ASSEMBLY: Heat oven to 450 degrees.
2. Mix all ingredients together at medium speed of electric mixer, blending thoroughly.
3. Pour into pie shell and bake at 450 degrees for 5 minutes.
4. Reduce heat to 325 degrees and continue cooking for 45 minutes, or until pie is set.
5. Let cool about 10 minutes before serving. PIECRUST: Mix flour and salt together in a bowl.
6. Cut vegetable shortening into flour until mixture resembles course meal.
7. Sprinkle with ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing quickly with a fork after each spoonful.
8. Add only enough water so dough holds together and can be formed into a ball.
9. Divide dough into 2 equal portions and form each into a smooth ball, handling as little as possible.
10. Roll one portion out onto lightly floured surface.
11. Place rolled dough in a 9-inch pie plate; trim and flute edges.
This recipe contains potential food allergens and will effect people with Wheat, Egg, Milk, Gluten, Natural Sweeteners allergies.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.587265
Retrieved Text: I got this idea from womansday.com. I changed it up and used strawberry pie filling instead of the cherry. The cherry filling tends to be a little tart for me. I made it for the 4th of July and everyone LOVED it!
*TIP: I USED A SHALLOW PIE PLATE AND USED 2 CANS OF STRAWBERRY FILING AND 3/4 CAN OF BLUE BERRY. SAVED A LITTLE MONEY THAT WAY!
Preheat oven to 425°F. Roll a pastry round into a 12-in. circle. (Use a small amount of flour on the board and rolling pin to help the dough not stick.) Place rolled dough into a 9-in. pie plate, letting edges overhang. Fold the over hanging edges in half. Then make a border along the edge. Brush the beaten egg lightly along the crust and sprinkle with sugar.
Place two cans of the cherry or strawberry pie filling into a large bowl. Drain the third can of filling, then add those cherries to the rest of the filling.
NOTE: If your using the shallow pie plate then you will use all of the 2 cans of the cherry or strawberry pie filling without draining them.
Divide the pie shell with a clean 6-in. square of cardboard or cut plate. Bend it in the middle to form a wedge, then place it in the upper left corner of pie (like hands of a clock pointing to 9 and 12).
Fill with blueberry pie filling, then spoon cherry pie filling into rest of pie. ( It's easier to do if you have someone holding the cardboard in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.389347
Retrieved Text: Oh my goodness, these Pumpkin Pie Biscuits are heavenly. Every morsel just melts in your mouth. I loved these biscuits and can’t wait to make them again! Pumpkin Pie Biscuits have sweet, fragrant, Pumpkin Pie flavors with cinnamon, ginger and pumpkin added to biscuit dough. They are just amazingly wonderful.
I think Pumpkin Pie Biscuits would make an amazing addition to any Thanksgiving menu or other holiday dinner. One of the reasons I really wanted to make this recipe is that it uses more wholesome products than a lot of biscuit recipes: these use butter instead of shortening and honey instead of sugar. The only way the recipe can be made healthier is by using home ground sprouted wheat berries.
Okay, granted, I’m a sap when it comes to homemade bread, cornbread, rolls, muffins or biscuits. I love all of it and can sit down with bread and biscuits with jelly or honey and enjoy that as much as a decadent dessert! Crazy, right? So when I saw these biscuits on Pinterest last week, I knew I had to make them–soon! I am so glad I did.
This post has a lot more pictures than most, because I’ve tried to guide you through the process of “kneading” or getting the biscuit dough ready to cut and put into the pan for baking. I have a couple of recommendations. When I rolled out the dough (actually I patted it into shape), I made it a full one-inch thick.
If you love biscuits and aren’t adverse to trying something a little different,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.329338
Retrieved Text: Oops! This photo was snapped in RI. How about New Englanders' love of dogs?
and, especially with the tiny wild Maine blueberries.
Wild Maine blueberries aren't anything like the fat, tame, less flavorful blueberries I buy in the produce section of my grocery store here in Virginia. Since returning home I noticed that a few local stores here carry Wyman's frozen wild Maine blueberries. You can also purchase their canned berries on Amazon. I decided to try the canned ones using my usual pie recipe to see how it turned out. If you have a yen for wild Maine blueberries and don't live in Maine, it's nice to have those cans handy in your pantry. Here's the result.
Hot pie cooling by window with those wild blueberries peeking out!
Use your favorite pie crust recipe, or buy a ready-made one.
Cut the shortening into the flour/salt mixture with a knife and then toss with your fingers until mixture looks crumbly. Mix in water with tip of knife until lightly blended, and then gather dough lightly into a ball. Cut the dough ball in half. Roll out on floured pastry cloth with covered rolling pin. Place bottom crust in pie plate. (I use a nine-inch glass Pyrex pan.) Pour in pie filling. Dot with butter. Cover with top pie crust that has been rolled out. Cut off excess crust. Crimp edges. Prick vent holes in crust with fork. Bake 400 degrees 15 minutes, then 350 for another 45 minutes, or until crust is golden. Sprinkle sugar on top of hot pie.
It was

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.20458
Retrieved Text: After-Thanksgiving Turkey Pot Pie. A wonderful, easy idea right after Thanksgiving! Let’s just say, I was feeling rather ambitious after last year’s thanksgiving clean up. I had quite a bit of meat left over. So I decided to make the filling for a pot pie and freeze it. Now, several months later, I took my frozen pie filling out, de-thawed it, and warmed it up on the stove for a bit of time. I added a bit of flour to thicken it up, and filled up my dough lined muffin tins. This was a great little surprise for the family when they were served this little bit of delight. The crust was perfect, the filling warm and thick, and it was a well suited meal on a cold winter’s day.
Sometimes planning ahead does pay off.
Warm up the thawed filling in a pot on the warm stove. Let it cook up and re-mold the flavors together. If needed, add spice and seasoning. When it’s all ready, add a pinch or two of flour to thicken up the sauce.
Get your dough made, rolled and cut. (see dough recipe) Before you line the tins, be sure the tins are oiled and floured. Then, cut rounds of dough and line each tin.
Fill the filling to the top of each lined tin.
Top the filled tins with a layer of dough.
finish off with an egg wash and bake for 25 min.
My inspiration for this quick recipe is to use what you already have. Click for the original filling and dough recipe.
Would love

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.996803
Retrieved Text: The best pastry is made quickly and rolled or pressed into the baking dish for fillings to be added such as those suggested below. Pastry trimmings, a ball of unused pastry dough or a pastry lined dish will freeze well for use at a later date. This quantity is sufficient for the pastry base and top of a 20cm/8” pie dish.
Sprinkle the water over the flour and stir to bring together a ball of dough. If it does not do this easily add a few more drops of water. Cover the dough and leave it to stand for 15 minutes.
To make a pie, put two thirds of the dough onto a floured surface, or between two pieces of non-stick film or paper. Roll out the pastry to the thickness of a £1 coin and lift it into your prepared dish. Alternatively press the pastry into a baking dish using your fingers.
Fill your pie according to your recipe.
Roll the remaining third of pastry into a 20cm/8” circle, moisten the edges and lift it over your filled pie.
Press the edges together and cut away any pastry hanging over the edge of your dish.
Make a few cuts in the top of the pastry and bake according to your recipe.
Hi just wondered how long the wholemeal pastry keeps in the fridge before cooking?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.98581
Retrieved Text: Spiced apple sour cream pie is a creamy version of a traditional apple pie. Laced with traditional spices of cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and a bit a cardamom.
I have to admit I used more than “a bit” of cardamom because I love the combination with apples. My father says that he loves two kinds of pie…hot and cold apple. I hope the spiced apple sour cream pie twist on his traditional pie will meet his expectations.
Make enough pie dough for at least 3 single crust pies to decorate ONE pie.
Leaf cut outs are the easiest way to start. I placed several on top of my Pecan Chocolate Pie before I baked it. That was easy and looks like I actually fussed.
The pie dough must be COLD at all times. If the dough starts to warm up, place it back into the refrigerator until it is chilled again.
Check Intagram and Pinterest for design ideas.
Carefully read through all of the helpful hints on Williams-Sonoma Guide to Pie scroll down to “Get Creative with Your Crust”. Judy Kim, food stylist and photographer, has many great and helpful tips.
If you don’t have fall leaf cutters, create your own by making a template with cardstock and using that template to cut several leaves or other designs OR come borrow mine.
Spiced Apple Sour Cream Pie is a variation of the Sour Cream Apple Pie I posted years ago. You can go to the link to find the step-by-step photo’s and instruction.
Begin with rolling out enough pie for two pies. Create and cut shapes

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.913
Retrieved Text: I have struggled over the years to make a quality pie crust. Eventually, I just avoided it by using pre-made or refrigerated store bought pie crusts when necessary or even completely store bought pies at times. I just didn’t trust my pie crust making skills. They were seriously lacking.
But then I found this recipe from Ree Drummond’s The Pioneer Woman Cooks cookbook. She calls it “the perfect pie crust,” and she is right. It is the flakiest pie crust I’ve ever had, and with a few tips from her, my mom, and my photographer Angie, even I was able to pull it off! I’ve used it in a few recipes since such as apple pie, and chicken pot pie (coming soon).
The only change I made to her recipe was to use powdered eggs instead of fresh eggs. So, now you can have perfect pie crust even if you are out of eggs!
Lightly mix flour, salt, and powdered scrambled egg mixture with a fork. Then add shortening, and begin cutting it into flour mixture. I used a knife and fork and it worked just fine. But if you have a fancy pastry cutter, you should use it. It will take less time.
Continue working the flour and shortening into each other until it resembles “course meal” there are no large chunks. With my fork and knife, it took about five minutes.
Now you are ready to add the water and vinegar. Stir until just combined. Then separate the dough into two pieces, form them into balls, and place one

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.501995
Retrieved Text: Make a pie crust with flair!
So if you hadn't noticed, we have a thing for pie. Our love of pie knows no bounds. ANY pie. Some we like more than others but it'll be a cold day in July when we turn one down.
Our Mom makes the best pies. She whips them out so fast and so perfectly and so effortlessly, she could do it in her sleep. We are still learning from her. And boy do we like to practice our pie making skills. We love trying new techniques and are always trying to outdo the last pie we made. Though we are far from experts, we have learned a few tips and tricks over the years that may help ease the pie making experience.
Grab some coffee and read along!
The size of pie you are making will determine how many strips you'll need.
Next, place half of your strips over the filling of the pie, spacing them out evenly.
Next, place the other half of your strips crosswise over the first set, folding back every other strip each time you add another crosswise strip. Do you see a lattice forming? I hope so!
Once you're finished, trim off the ends.
I used extra strips from my lattice pie and twisted them together to make a pretty edge.
Rolling the crust out between two sheets of wax paper makes life easier.
When rolling out pie crust, place it between two sheets of wax paper. This keeps it from sticking to the counters and rolling pin and gives a nice smooth surface. It

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.450706
Retrieved Text: I bought some star cookie cutters a couple months ago to use for the Fourth of July, when I thought I was going to make a fruit pie with stars-and-stripes topping.
That never happened because I made blueberry cobbler instead. I kept waiting for the right occasion to break out the star cutters, and then I realized that I had to make my own occasion. This past weekend I made a blueberry peach pie with lots of stars on top.
Don’t get me wrong: Traditional pies are great. I’m all for a flat top crust or a lattice weave, or another variation that you’d find sitting on tables in New England (for some reason, that’s the first place I think of when I think of pie). But sometimes you have to switch things up. Now that I’ve used stars, I’m thinking about making one with flowers. A whole new world of pie awaits.
I chose peaches and blueberries for this pie because they looked freshest at the farmers’ market over the weekend, but you could sub in a different type of berry. Blackberries are usually ripe and abundant at this time of year and they would also taste delicious with peaches in a pie.
I’ll always remember this pie as one of my proudest accomplishments because it was the first time I didn’t screw up the crust. I’m not talking about the stars part. That came together relatively easily. I’m talking about the bottom crust, or the one I rolled out all the way and had to get from the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.149147
Retrieved Text: What do you do with leftover roast beef, potatoes, carrots, and gravy? You’ve eaten it for dinner or lunch for several days. You don’t want it in that format anymore.
Usually, I make beef empanadas. Recently, I started to do so, and then I decided to make everything into a pie instead. I did all of the prep work the same as the empanadas, but when it came time to roll out the dough for the individual empanadas, I went ahead and rolled out two pie crusts instead.
First, I chopped up the meat and veggies and heated them on the stove with the leftover gravy. I added flour to make it thicker, and then I added cheddar cheese.
For the dough, I mixed 1 cup of boiling water with 4-1/2 cups of Bisquick. If I do this again, I’ll use half as much dough, because I think the amount I made was way too much. I put one pie crust in the pan and stuck it in the oven for a few minutes.
Next, I added the beef filling, covered it with the second crust, poked holes in it, and baked it at 400 for about 18 min.
Dough rolled out for a pie crust.
The beef filling in the pie.

================



======= Instance Index 1147 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How can I add walnuts to a chocolate chip cookie recipe?

Choice 1: When you are directed in the recipe to add the chocolate chips, add a couple bucket fulls of chopped walnuts. no other changes are necessary.

Choice 2: When you are directed in the recipe to add the chocolate chips, add a couple palm fulls of chopped walnuts. no other changes are necessary.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.86441
Retrieved Text: In a large bowl, beat butter and sugars until blended. Beat in eggs and vanilla. In a small bowl, whisk flour, baking soda and salt; gradually beat into butter mixture. Stir in chocolate chips and walnuts.
Shape 1/4 cupfuls of dough into balls. Flatten each to 3/4-in. thickness (2-1/2-in. diameter), smoothing edges as necessary. Place in an airtight container, separating layers with waxed paper or parchment; refrigerate, covered, overnight.
To bake, place dough portions 2 in. apart on parchment-lined baking sheets; let stand at room temperature 30 minutes before baking. Preheat oven to 400°.
Bake until edges are golden brown (centers will be light), 10-12 minutes. Cool on pans 2 minutes. Remove to wire racks to cool.
Almond Chocolate Chip Cookies: Reduce vanilla to 1 teaspoon and add 1/4 teaspoon almond extract. Substitute toasted almonds for the walnuts.
Big & Buttery White Chip Cookies: Substitute white baking chips for the chocolate chips and toasted hazelnuts for the walnuts.
Big & Buttery Cranberry Nut Cookies: Substitute dried cranberries for the chocolate chips.
Big & Buttery Cherry Chocolate Chip Cookies: Substitute 1 cup chopped dried cherries for 1 cup of the walnuts.
1 cookie: 311 calories, 19g fat (8g saturated fat), 38mg cholesterol, 229mg sodium, 35g carbohydrate (23g sugars, 2g fiber), 4g protein.
Delicious! I substituted toasted pecans (toasted the same as the walnuts) and they were out of this world! I think this is my favorite chocolate chip n' nuts cookie!
The recipe I got didn't list all of the ingredients - only butter, 2 sugars, eggs and vanilla. Would love to have the entire recipe with

########
Rank: 1
Score: 53.00981
Retrieved Text: Move over macadamia nuts, there's a new nut for white chocolate chip cookies... walnuts! Toasted walnuts pair up perfectly for these delicious cookies with creamy white chocolate chips. That's right... toasted walnuts. I'm sorry macadamias, please don't be mad. I always have walnuts on hand. It started off as a matter of convenience, but there is no going back.
Now, I know you're going to question why there are 4 cups of four in this cookie recipe. I adapted this recipe based off of my chocolate chip cookie recipe that I absolutely love. Unlike other cookies that spread out really thin and never end up baking up like the picture shows, these cookies are moist, chewy, and they hold their shape. If you've got the time, allow the dough to sit over night and chill to really maximize the flavor.
2. In a small skillet, toast the chopped walnuts over medium heat. Stir constantly (the can burn easily) until they are lightly browned and become fragrant. Remove them from the skillet into a small bowl and allow them to cool.
3. Stir the flour, baking soda, and salt together with a whisk and set aside.
4. With a mixer, cream the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the molasses and mix well. Then add the eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition.
5. Add the vanilla. Then gradually add the dry ingredients until combined.
6. With a large wooden spoon, stir in the toasted walnuts and the white chocolate chips.
7. Drop 1 1/2 inch cookie balls

########
Rank: 2
Score: 52.02512
Retrieved Text: Cozy Chicks: Cookie, cookie, cookie starts with C!
Who doesn’t love cookies? I have to admit that I am somewhat of a cookie monster myself. Oatmeal, chocolate chip, shortbread, sugar cookies, chocolate brownie cookies, biscotti...I could go on and on. And not only do I love eating cookies, I love baking cookies. If you were to ask my hubby or kids what I’m best at, they would say baking cookies.
So I thought it was time for me to share the recipe for one of my house specials. Whenever I make them, they last all of five minutes, and that’s not just at our house. Everyone who eats them raves about them, and they are the most requested baked goods in my repertoire.
This is a standard oatmeal cookie recipe, but my secret is that I use butter, not margarine or shortening; and I use large flake oats, not the quick cooking kind; and I use dark brown sugar instead of light. Okay, that’s three secrets. But paying attention to those details will make the difference between baking an ordinary oatmeal cookie and baking one that you can’t stop eating.
One other thing: The original recipe suggests adding raisins or chocolate chips. I say be creative! I often add dried cranberries or chopped dried apricots. In the last batch I made, I added a combination of dried cherries and chocolate chips, and a half-teaspoon of almond extract. Those cookies were to die for!
By the way, I would like to send a big thank you to our readers, for helping Buried

########
Rank: 3
Score: 51.230743
Retrieved Text: I think when it comes to chocolate chip cookie recipes, everyone has a favorite….and these Chocolate Chunk Cookies are hands down, mine.
Packed with not one, but two and a half cups of chocolate chips and another cup of walnuts, they are loaded with chunky goodness hence the name Chocolate Chunk Cookies.
They are perfect for birthday parties, tailgate platters, potluck dinner treats, and in my case today’s afternoon meeting …..with plenty of leftover cookies as we head into the weekend.
When you read through the ingredients you’ll probably assume that it’s going to make a ton of cookies- and you’d be correct. Especially depending on the size of the cookies. I like my cookies on the smaller size, and with this recipe I can get somewhere in the neighborhood of 60+ cookies if using the mini cookie scoop.
Beat butter, brown sugar, vanilla extract, baking soda, and salt with an electric mixer on medium until creamy. Beat in eggs until fluffy.
With mixer on low speed, add flour, a little at a time, until blended. Fold in chocolate chips and walnuts.
Using a cookie scoop, drop onto ungreased cookie sheets approximately 2 inches apart. Bake 8 minutes or until the edges are golden brown.
Cool on cookie sheet for 2 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
Larger cookies you’ll want to monitor the bake time so that you don’t burn the cookies, but you’re only looking at about 8-10 minutes of bake time either way.
The cookies are going to perk right up so you’ll get the crispy edges, but

########
Rank: 4
Score: 50.376698
Retrieved Text: Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe – The best cookie recipe made without eggs. You will not realize that it has no eggs in it. Trust me, you will fall in love with these cookies.
Do these eggless cookies taste the same as the regular one?
After having a bite of this cookie, you won’t realize that these are eggless. I have tried, tasted cookies with eggs, so I can say that these eggless cookies are the same as egg one. I have tried many different ways but this recipe works just perfect and makes the best homemade chocolate chip cookies.
These cookies are rich in flavors, crunchy from outside while soft and chewy from inside. If you want more crispy cookies than bake it for few more minutes.
During this holiday or festive season, these eggless chocolate chip cookies must appear once in my home along with some other baked goodies. Because I and dear husband just love choco chip cookies.
As you know that chocolate chip cookies are America’s most favorite cookie. This eggless version of cookie is very easy to make that even baking beginners can also make this very successfully.
How to make Eggless Chocolate chip Cookies recipe?
Take dry ingredients (all-purpose flour, salt, and baking soda) in a bowl. Whisk it till they incorporated and keep it aside.
Take soften butter in another bowl.
Beat it with wire whisk or by electric mixer till it becomes creamy and smooth.
Then add both sugars (granulated and brown sugar).
Again beat till it becomes fluffy (about 2 minutes).
Beat it until incorporated. You may need to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 50.1463
Retrieved Text: After a while, you come to realize how similar many recipes are. There may be a slightly different proportion of ingredients or a small change in techniques to make just a slightly different product. Just think of how many different brownie recipes there are out there when we're usually talking about a handful of ingredients!
In this case, these blondie bars are just chocolate chunk cookies presented in a different way. Make the dough like you would for most chocolate chip cookies (i.e, creaming the butter with sugar, etc.) and instead of scooping them into rounds, spread it into a pan and bake. You'll need the help of a small offset spatula or bread knife since the layer is fairly thin.
This is like the idea of making a chocolate-chip cookie cake. You'd press the dough out into a round baking pan or plate and bake it up. I remember we bought one of those cookie cakes for the little one's 4th birthday party in preschool a few years ago. It was decorated with a teddy bear using chocolate and blue frosting. It was a big hit...what's not to like about a good chocolate chip cookie in any form? It is just the thing sometimes.
The original recipe literally calls for a super generous 1 1/4 pounds of chocolate chunks and 1 1/2 cups of walnuts (that's for double the amount I baked but still!). That amount of chocolate translates into 3 1/3 cups (that's more than one and a half bags of Nestlé's chocolate chunks)! I scaled it

########
Rank: 6
Score: 50.074467
Retrieved Text: The cookie recipe based on an urban legend: The Infamous Neiman Marcus Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe. Yeah, it’s pretty darn good.
We have all heard the story or have read the infamous email: Neiman Marcus wouldn’t give away their cookie recipe, but they did charge an unsuspecting customer $250 for the secret recipe. And as revenge, this scorned customer shared the recipe with the whole world! And an incredible cookie recipe and urban legend was born and is being highlighted today: The Infamous Neiman Marcus Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe.
I first got this recipe when I single and from my mother over 15 years ago. And, even thought it did NOT originate from Neiman’s, it makes an AMAZING chocolate-chip cookie. I’ve made many a chocolate cookie, and not to mention devoured many a chocolate cookie, and this is STILL my go to recipe.
It’s a little work, and I’ve modified a little by adding some whole wheat flour and wheat bran, but it is still full of chocolate, not too moist and not too crunchy. You can make it festive with green and red M&M;’s or use dark chocolate chips for a decadent touch.
You can also omit the walnuts if your kids aren’t into nuts in their cookies (that’s my middle child). But one thing is for sure, kids and grownups will fall in love with this cookie.
To read about the Nieman Marcus urband legend, check out www.snopes.com for the whole story!
The cookie recipe based on an urban legend: The Infamous Neiman Marcus Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe. Yeah, it's

########
Rank: 7
Score: 50.043797
Retrieved Text: Do you know about the infamous “$250 cookie” recipe”? I recently came across an old copy of this recipe in my Mom’s recipe box. Along with the ingredients and procedure, it basically says “Mrs. Fields Cookies…$250.00 recipe – give to everyone”.
What started out 50 years ago as the sharing of a secret chocolate cake recipe has evolved into what we know today as the infamous “Neiman Marcus $250 Cookie Recipe” giveaway hoax. Each version over the years has a similar undertone. All the tales recount a corporate conglomerate ripping off or duping some innocent patron who’s only request was asking for the cake or cookie recipe. In all accounts, the requests were granted but not without asking for an unreasonable amount of money in exchange. Feeling scathed in way or another, the innocent patron gets revenge by recanting their tale of whoa, sharing the recipe and then asking others to do the same.
The most current and probably most known version of this story is the Neiman Marcus $250 cookie recipe. This version begins with a woman and her daughter having lunch at Neiman Marcus and out of their love for cookies, ordered a chocolate chip cookie as dessert. LOVING the cookie so much the woman asked the waitress if she could have the recipe. She was told no at first but then when she offered to buy the recipe the waitress agreed. When the woman asked how much, the waitress replied “two fifty”. Agreeing to the charge of what she thought was $2.50, the woman requested

########
Rank: 8
Score: 49.030663
Retrieved Text: Meet the recipes that started it all at Allrecipes.com: browse our Top 20 recipes from 1997.
See how to make amazing, quick-and-easy sugar cookies.
These are GREAT chocolate chocolate chip cookies. Always a request at Christmas from friends and family!
Use this recipe with coconut, oatmeal, and chocolate chips to make crispy, delicious oatmeal cookies.
My mother says this is the original chocolate chip cookie recipe passed down from my grandmother. For bars just press the dough into a jelly roll pan and bake. This recipe makes a very small batch. I triple the recipe and use 1/2 cup margarine and 1 cup shortening instead of all shortening. It seems to make a softer cookie.
Only to be made at Christmas time, and in huge quantities.
This cookie recipe has been handed down to me from my grandmother. It has been in the family for at least four generations.
Baking and decorating gingerbread men is a Christmas time tradition. Use this recipe for plenty of holiday fun.
A traditional cookie made with peanut butter and honey. This is decorated with the classic criss cross.
Extra rich chocolate chip cookies. These stay soft a long time!
I substituted walnuts for raisins in an old recipe, and came up with my husband's favorite cookies!
Use this recipe for sugar cookies to get delicious cut-out cookies perfect for your Christmas decorating.
This recipe stays soft because of the sour cream and cake flour in them. I make them every Christmas.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.96163
Retrieved Text: We don't mean to brag, but these chocolate chip cookies are so mouthwatering that we had to give 'em the title of "Best Cookie Ever." We bet you can't eat just one!
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Coat baking sheets with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, cream together butter, granulated sugar, and brown sugar. Mix in eggs and vanilla extract. Mix in flour, oats, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Add remaining ingredients and mix together.
Roll dough into 1-1/2-inch balls and place about 2 inches apart on baking sheets.
Bake 8 to 10 minutes, or until golden around edges.
Cookies and a beverage are a perfect snack anytime, but in the summer, a refreshing glass of ice tea is just what we need!
I have a family member who cannot have oats. Can I just leave them out or do I have to adjust something in the recipe?
Hi Nancy! For this specific recipe you cannot leave out or replace the oats because of the large quantity of oats. We do however, have several delicious chocolate chip cookie recipes on the site that don't call for oats.
Hi Bob! The test kitchen used a milk chocolate bar, but dark chocolate would work great also.
Such an accurate name ! ! I've made these for many years and will continue to do so.
This recipe lives up to its name... It really is THE BEST Cookie Ever. I will be making it again and again!
I'm a self proclaimed cookie monster so I'd like to think I know a good cookie when I try one.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.66975
Retrieved Text: Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookies are a fast and easy drop cookie, made with dark chocolate, chopped walnuts and mini chocolate chips. So good you will be making these over and over.
“These are one of the best Cookies you have ever made” a direct quote from my husband.
And yes he loves walnuts, actually any kind of nut! Mix them up with some chocolate chips in a soft drop cookie and he is all over them.
It’s was actually quite difficult for him to share. Whenever I bake I like to share, either with friends or family. I always know when something is way too good to share, when the Italian says “nope these will stay right where they are”!
and sometimes like these Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookies all you do is mix them up and drop them by spoonfuls on a parchment paper lined cookie sheet.
All these different ways of making cookies produce delicious cookies but sometimes you want a cookie and you want it now!
So these Chocolate Chip Drop Cookies are perfect, especially when you add walnuts. Enjoy!
Pre-heat oven to 350F (180C), line a large cookie sheet with parchment paper.
In a large bowl beat on medium speed the butter and sugar until light and creamy approximately 5 minutes, then add the egg, vanilla and melted cooled chocolate and beat to combine.
Add the dry ingredients to the creamed butter mixture and combine with a wooden spoon or spatula, then fold in the walnuts and chocolate chips.
Drop by spoonfuls on prepared cookie sheet and bake approximately 10 minutes. Let cool

########
Rank: 11
Score: 48.5537
Retrieved Text: Oatmeal, Coconut, Chocolate Chip, Walnut Cookies!
Man that was a long title! I will post the recipe details tonight, these are really scrumptious. . .
So here it is and I (jessi) am not usually a huge coconut fan, so was a bit hesitant when Michael starting pouring in coconut flakes, but these are soo good!
Position racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 350°F. Spray 2 cookie sheets with cooking spray.
Whisk oats, whole-wheat flour, all-purpose flour, cinnamon, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.
Beat tahini and butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer until blended into a paste.
Add granulated sugar and brown sugar; continue beating until well combined—the mixture will still be a little grainy.
Beat in egg, then egg white, then vanilla.
Stir in the oat mixture with a wooden spoon until just moistened. Stir in chocolate chips and walnuts.
Place about 1 tablespoon - size balls onto the cookie sheets.
Bake the cookies until golden brown, about 16 minutes, switching the pans back to front and top to bottom halfway through.
Cool on the pans briefly, then transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool completely.
What a cookie! It sounds like the perfect chocolate chip cookie...oatmeal, coconut, walnuts.
What a wonderful blog you have! Your pictures are really something and these cookies look awesome.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 48.53101
Retrieved Text: Grandma always made ricotta cheese cookies for us! These tasty cookies are soft on the inside and topped with a delicious sugared icing. This Italian Ricotta cookies recipe is just like Nonna used to make. Make some for your family tonight.
After she passed away, no one made these quite as often. Oh sure, everyone would scarf them down as fast as they were iced, but for some reason, they just seemed to leave the cookie baking rotation. Which is a real shame because they are very easy to make.
This recipe is written exactly as she wrote it out for us 35 years ago, with only a few “pre” things moved up for your sanity (and mine). I hope you enjoy!
• The shredded coconut for garnish would be the sweetened coconut found in the bakery aisle.
• The nuts that were used were always walnuts. You could also use almonds, although we never did.
• You could definitely use holiday jimmies, edible glitter, colored sugars, nonpareils, or sanding sugar as the garnish instead.
• How to make vanilla extract.
• We never used butter, always margarine. This was to prevent spread I assume.
• Lightly grease several cookie sheets with Crisco shortening.
• Using a stand mixer, cream together 2 sticks (16 tablespoons) of margarine, 2 cups of white sugar.
• Add 3 Eggs, 1 lb Ricotta Cheese and 2 teaspoons Vanilla extract; beat well.
• Add 4 cups white flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, and 1 teaspoon of salt; mix well.
• Drop by teaspoonful onto prepared cookie sheet.
• Bake 8-10 minutes in a preheated

########
Rank: 13
Score: 48.26212
Retrieved Text: The chocolate chip cookie, crisp around the edges, chewy in the middle, with gooey pockets of melty chocolate, is a heavenly treat. From oatmeal chocolate chip cookies to peanut butter chocolate chip cookies, our lightened variations on this classic cookie can't be beat. Whether you're baking for a cookie swap or simply just because, our decadent collection has the perfect healthy chocolate chip cookie recipe for you.
These craveworthy chocolate chip cookies—made with whole-wheat flour—are wonderfully crisp around the edges and chewy in the middle; the soft center comes from using all brown sugar (no granulated) and a drizzle of honey.
Use an already-made batch of our Nutty Whole-Grain Granola to whip up these scrumptious cookies.
Butter moves from nutty and brown to bitter and burned quickly, so be sure to take the pan off the heat once it turns amber-brown. To keep cookies from spreading, make sure the cookie sheet is completely cool before starting the next batch.
A mere one-quarter cup of butter yields crispy, light cookies and keeps calories in check. Dried strawberries lend fiber, color, and subtle sweetness. You can find them in larger supermarkets, or substitute raisins or dried cranberries. Because the dough is heavy, we used a sturdy stand mixer. You can use a hand mixer to cream the butter and sugar, then stir in the remaining ingredients by hand.
This gluten-free, dairy-free, egg-free, and no-bake nostalgic indulgence is totally safe to spoon straight from the food processor—in fact, we encourage it. Chickpeas may sound unconventional, but they pack protein and lend a pleasing nutty

########
Rank: 14
Score: 48.182316
Retrieved Text: Only need a half batch of cookies? Try this easy gooey one bowl gluten-free chocolate chip cookie batter recipe!
This one bowl gluten free chocolate chip cookie recipe is so easy and I love that it’s half-batch. I adapted this recipe from Chelsea’s Messy Apron and made it gluten free. Also, Chelsea shared her secret for making thick, gooey cookies. Hint: stacking. Amazing! Thanks, Chelsea!
I semi-melted organic, salted butter in the microwave. You want somewhere between softened and fully melted for this recipe. Add that to a medium-sized mixing bowl with the organic brown and white sugars and vanilla extract. Stir with a large spoon until combined and smooth. Then add in the egg yolk. Mix until combined.
To make this gluten free, I used Bob’s Red Mill Gluten Free 1-to-1 Baking Flour. Add the gluten free flour and baking soda to the wet ingredients and mix well until dough forms. The dough should pull away from your bowl. If not, just add a little bit more flour until it does.
Stir in the chocolate chips. You could also add in nuts, if desired. Next batch I make, I’ll add in some walnuts, for the nut lover in the house. 😉 Oh, reserve some chocolate chips for the end result – this will help the cookies showcase the chips on the top of the cookies. You’ll add them to the tops of the dough prior to baking.
Gaze longingly at the dough, cover it, and put it in the refrigerator to chill for at least 30 minutes; longer if you

########
Rank: 15
Score: 48.11014
Retrieved Text: "A slice of this Kentucky Derby Pie is the perfect festive addition to any Southern celebration! A thick, gooey chocolate chip cookie meets a warm buttery pie for a heavenly and decadent easy dessert recipe. Obviously the combination of rich chocolate, butter, and walnuts in the filling of this Derby Pie recipe makes it taste delicious. But what I really love is the texture. It tastes like a pecan pie (buttery and gooey) on the inside, crossed with a soft-baked chocolate chip cookie. Basically, you get the best of both worlds!"

########
Rank: 16
Score: 48.022213
Retrieved Text: As bakers, one of our favorite things about fall, aside from the gorgeous foliage we get here in Vermont, is pumpkin. We’ve had our fair share of fun with pumpkin recipes over the years, but today we’re keeping things basic and showing you how to make soft-and-chewy gluten-free pumpkin chocolate chip cookies.
This recipe is perfect for anyone who loves pumpkin and wants an easy cookie recipe that also happens to be gluten-free. We’re not making any special changes to our classic Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cookie recipe, we’re just changing out our All-Purpose Flour for our Gluten-Free Measure for Measure Flour.
If you’re new to the world of gluten-free baking, we’ve totally got your back here. Measure for Measure is the perfect solution for those of you who want to quickly and easily convert a recipe to gluten-free. In recipes like muffins, cookies, pancakes/waffles, scones, and quick breads, you can simply swap out our All-Purpose Flour for Measure for Measure and keep everything else the same.
And that’s just what we’re doing with today’s recipe. We’re making these soft and tender cookies with a lovely fall twist. We know you and your loved ones are going to gobble them right up!
To make our pumpkin cookies, we’ll start by preheating the oven to 375°F. Lightly grease two baking sheets, or line them with parchment paper.
Set this aside while you combine the wet ingredients.
Scrape down the sides of the bowl as you go and continue to beat just until smooth.
Beat this until it’s smooth and fluffy. If desired, you can also

########
Rank: 17
Score: 47.573013
Retrieved Text: Ever since I can remember, I’ve been a fan of oatmeal cookies. If I remember correctly, my favorite cookie as a child was oatmeal chocolate chip (heavy on the chocolate chips). My taste buds have matured over the years but I still love a great oatmeal cookie.
I decided to make a more sophisticated cookie and one that almost mimics Subway’s cranberry cheesecake cookie. And what I came up with was the white chocolate cranberry oatmeal cookie. They’re crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside and the walnuts give them a very hearty taste. Great for the cold months!
In a small bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt. Set aside.
With an electric mixer, cream the butter and sugars until light and fluffy.
Slowly add the egg until well combined.
Slowly add the the flour mixture in small batches.
And then the chopped walnuts.
Finally, the white chocolate chips. Mix until well combined.
Wet your hands and a small ice cream scooper. Fill scooper and roll into balls. Place on a well-greased baking sheet and flatten with the palm of your hand. The oats will quickly start to stick to the bottom of the sheet if it is not well greased (or lined with parchment paper). Place in oven and begin the drool.
Remove from oven. Centers should still be tender to the touch. They’ll seem like they’re not done but they’ll quickly harden while cooling. Immediately remove from baking sheet and place on a cooling rack for five to 10 minutes before serving.
Our recipe for white chocolate cranberry cookies

########
Rank: 18
Score: 47.552258
Retrieved Text: Need a Recipe for National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day? Here’s One!
PULL UP A CHAIR, this will take a while. Chocolate chip cookies to me are like coffee. They are so simple that they’ve been made for hundreds of years, and yet, like coffee, the methods to make, the final product, and their essence and qualities are the subject of endless debate. Do you like your chocolate chip cookies thick and chewy or thin and crispy? Thick and crispy? Do you like super-sweet, milk-chocolate chips or the more traditional semi-sweet? Big or little? How about the cookie dough? That used to my favorite thing until I wised up, and quit eating it from the roll AND started to make it myself. For about 7 years, I have engaged in the quest for the perfect chocolate chip cookie. And I have concluded one thing, categorically: it does not exist. It is like finding the perfect cup of coffee. For everyone, from the cup to the temperature, from what goes in it to the surrounds in which it is consumed, it is different for everyone.
That being said, the Nestle Toll House Recipe that’s on the back of the Nestle chips bag (I use Ghiradelli) is totally solid, and will produce very eatable cookies. There are some tricks I learned that are valuable, such as using salt, using more vanilla, the amount of brown sugar vs. white sugar and whether you melt the butter or chill the cookies. In my years, I have come up with a few guidelines that

########
Rank: 19
Score: 47.302715
Retrieved Text: Similar recipes. Also see other recipes similar to the recipe for how to keep baked chocolate chip cookies soft.... Hands down the BEST Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookie recipe out there! I guarantee soft, chewy, and flavorful cookies every time! Adding oatmeal to chocolate chip cookies is a fun way to add new dimension and texture to the traditional cookie.
These chocolate chip cookies were very, very good. I have been trying chocolate chip cookie recipes forever to find the perfect cookie and this one is very close. They weren't too cake-like an... I have been trying chocolate chip �... These chocolate chip cookies are super soft, extra chewy, and they stay soft for a long time! Not cakey. Everyone adores these cookies, and for good reason. This is recipe makes a big batch. Cookie dough freezes very well for future use!
Perfect super soft and chewy chocolate chip cookies that stay soft! Enjoy warm for a super ooey gooey center! A must make for all chocolate chip cookie fans! Enjoy warm for a super ooey gooey center! A must make for all chocolate chip cookie fans!
These Soft and Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies are going to make your day so much happier! You can get a pretty good idea of the texture of these cookies by taking a good look at the photos.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 47.2674
Retrieved Text: Regular chocolate chip cookies can be a bit of a bore to me. I like mine to have more than just chocolate, an added punch that takes it to another level. One of the best chocolate chip cookies in the city has to be from Maman Toronto and I love it so much that I was inspired to create my own version. Thick and crunchy on the outside, soft and gooey on the inside -- this chocolate chip cookie is everything you want it to be and more. Loaded with lots of melted dark chocolate and a crunchy blend of macadamia nuts and walnuts, I can’t help but sigh with each scrumptious bite. Now this is a chocolate chip cookie I can get excited about.
Slightly modified from this recipe here.
On a large baking sheet, place parchment paper on and set aside.
In a medium bowl, mix the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt together. Set aside.
In a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the butter on medium speed until it comes together in one lump, about 1 minute.
Add the coconut sugar and beat for another 1-2 minutes, until the sugar is dissolved into the butter.
Lower the speed to medium-low and mix in the eggs and vanilla until the batter is lumpy. Gradually add in the flour mixture, beating until a little flour remains.
Using a spatula, fold in the chocolate chips and nuts.
Divide the dough into 12 even pieces. Shape the dough into a ball, but do not roll it. Place them on the baking

########
Rank: 21
Score: 47.056557
Retrieved Text: Update – the “secret” project has been unveiled. Please have a look.
I can’t get into the specifics of the project, but it involves cookies, so already you know it’s going to be fun. As for the cookie selection, well, that was easy. Ever since I baked my grandmother’s applesauce cookies, I have been wondering what it would be like to add chocolate chips to the original recipe. I know, applesauce and chocolate chips don’t necessarily sound as if they go hand-in-hand, but the applesauce is really just a way to reduce the amount of sugar in the recipe while making the cookies extra soft. I said it before and I’ll say it again, this cookie is like a muffin top and I don’t know about you, but I love the top of a muffin, especially filled with chocolate chips!
While we wait a few more days (I think) for the special project to be completed by some VERY (hint) talented people. Let’s enjoy Version 2.0 of the Applesauce cookie…Chocolate Chip & Raisin Muffin Top Cookies.
Cream shortening and sugar, then add applesauce, blending in.
Sift flour with baking soda, salt and cinnamon.
Add sifted ingredients to applesauce mixture and stir until smooth.
Add chocolate chips, raisins and nuts and stir until combined.
Drop by teaspoonfuls onto greased baking sheet, spacing the cookies 2 to 3 inches apart.
Bake about 12 minutes or until lightly browned.
Those look great, and I definitely agree with the addition of chocolate chips! And raisins! And walnuts! I always add the three of them to chocolate chip cookies, they

########
Rank: 22
Score: 47.034664
Retrieved Text: These Chocolate Chip Butterscotch Cookie Bars are a cross between a chewy chocolate chip cookie recipe and a chewy butterscotch blondie recipe. This easy butterscotch chocolate chip cookie bar recipe comes together in just one bowl! This is an easy dessert recipe perfect for chocolate and butterscotch lovers!
These Chewy Chocolate Chip Butterscotch Cookie Bars are rich, easy to make, and the perfect cross between a chewy chocolate chip cookie and a butterscotch blondie! Plus, this is a no-chill cookie dough recipe!
You know those people in the world who live and die by expiration dates?
Like, if something is a day past the expiration date, they immediately throw it out.
That box of brownies that’s just unopened and expired a couple months prior? I’m sure that’s fine.
The coffee beans that expired a year ago? No biggie. Just double up the measurements and you’re good to go.
The unopened bag of butterscotch chips that expired just a mere month ago? Totally acceptable.
Yeah, that last one really backfired on me.
Using expired butterscotch chips? Not my finest hour.
Okay, so those butterscotch chips weren’t actually all that bad. But when I compared them to a brand-new-just-bought-yesterday bag, there was a distinct difference.
The older bag, despite being unopened, was a bit on the stale side while the new bag was fresher with bolder flavor.
So…between that and over baking them, the first ‘test’ batch of these Chocolate Chip Butterscotch Cookie Bars weren’t my favorite.
They were just missing that ‘it’ factor, and after making some necessary tweaks to the recipe, they’re 100% better and definitely full of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 46.87716
Retrieved Text: One of the best things about the holidays is the yummy food! I am always a sucker for cookies, and Christmas cookies might just be the best of all. It seems like there are so many varieties at Christmas, too. Today, I am sharing a delicious recipe for Cranberry Orange White Chocolate Chip cookies which have some of the very best flavors from the season. I am also sharing 15 more delicious (and beautiful!) cookie recipes below!
The tartness of the cherries mixed with the tang of the orange and the creaminess of the white chocolate is just a delicious combination! I added walnuts, but if you prefer no nuts, you could easily omit them. I think they add a perfect crunch to the cookies, though, so I highly recommend keeping them!
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Mix together flour, baking soda, and baking powder and set aside. In a mixing bowl, cream together butter, orange zest, and 1 cup sugar. Add egg and mix until nice and creamy. Add dry ingredients and mix until well combined. Add dried cranberries, white chocolate chips, and walnuts until just combined. Drop one inch balls onto parchment lined cookie sheet. Bake for 10 minutes and then let cool.
While cookies are cooling, combine icing ingredients. Once cooled, lightly drizzle cookies with icing.
Here are 15 more yummy (and beautiful!) cookie recipes for you to try this Christmas season!
I love the flavors of cranberry and orange mixed together. And the orange icing drizzled on the top….yum!
VERY good cookies! I added vanilla & salt. Used

########
Rank: 24
Score: 46.784565
Retrieved Text: All the fun of cookie dough without the worry of raw eggs!
This recipe was rated one of Taste of Home magazine's Top 100! It sounded like a fun little bite, so I had to try it gluten free. A quick taste of a chocolate chip cookies without the wait of baking!
In a large bowl, combine mix and butter until dough looks like coarse meal. Add vanilla and milk, and stir til well combined. Stir in walnuts. Drop by spoonfuls onto waxed paper on a cookie sheet and place in freezer for an hour. Melt chocolate coating, and using a bamboo skewer, dip frozen truffles into chocolate. Place back on waxed paper, and allow to cool and set. My batch made over 3 dozen.
They are indeed a fun little bite. Very rich, so your taste for chocolate chip cookies will be satisfied pretty quickly. If you prefer, you could also try using white chocolate or milk chocolate - they'd still be excellent. And remember, you can always use chocolate chips if that's what you have on hand.
Another joyful and delightful idea to take along to a party. Other guests will surely be surprised when they sink their teeth in - enjoy!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 46.71595
Retrieved Text: Today is National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day! How are you celebrating? I recently read on NBC that Americans eat an average of 18,928 cookies in a lifetime — with chocolate chip cookies top of the list of the treats that Americans bake and consume most. Those are some crazy numbers, but I can’t say I’m not guilty of this. While you could definitely whip up a batch using your favorite chocolate chip cookie recipe, probably the most searched recipe on the internet, would it be more fun to save yourself the trouble and pick up a great cookie at one of these great bakeries in LA? That’s what I’m going to do. Here are some of my favorite places for cookies, specifically of the chocolate chip kind.
Milk Jar Cookies will be celebrating National Chocolate Chip Cookie day today by opening their doors for the day (they’re typically closed on Mondays) to offer cookie fans a free Chocolate Chip Cookie with purchase of any item. Yes, you can really roll in for a cup of coffee and walk out with a free cookie.
by CHLOE Need a cookie spot that everyone can enjoy? This vegan spot in Silver Lake (their first location outside of New York!) has lots of yummy options to help you celebrate the day! Come in for a gooey Old Fashioned Chocolate Chip Cookie to finish off your plant-based meal. Everyone can enjoy a sweet treat here though, as they are also known for their delicious gluten-free chocolate chip cookies and other allergy-conscious sweets!
The Dirty

########
Rank: 26
Score: 46.69894
Retrieved Text: These Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Larabars are a nice cheat to feel like you are indulging!
I’m always looking for healthy snacks for my kids (and well, for me, too). So I was thrilled when I came across the idea of making Larabars – a great gluten-free energy bar that has just a few simple ingredients. These are so easy to whip up and taste great!
This version below is for chocolate chip cookie dough larabars, but there are so many different variations that you can do. The basic concept is to use finely processed nuts (such as cashews, walnuts, almonds, etc.) and then use dates as the “glue”. Vanilla extract helps round things out, and then the sky’s the limit for the additional add-ins. And you can easily shape them into bars or balls – whichever is more your style.
Blend cashews in food processor until grains are fairly small.
Add twelve dates and vanilla to food processor.
Process until mixture begins to clump together. Add an additional date or two if needed to help mixture stick together.
Add chocolate chips and pulse for a few seconds.
Place mixture in the bottom of an 8 inch square pan lined with parchment paper.
Top with another sheet of parchment paper and press down very firmly.
Store in fridge for up to three weeks.
To make energy balls instead of bars, simply scoop out heaping tablespoons of the mixture and roll tightly.
« 4th of July Recipe Round-Up!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 46.46851
Retrieved Text: These pumpkin chocolate chip cookies are a wonderful taste of fall. With the perfect amount of pumpkin spice and chocolate chips, these soft and delicious cookies will quickly become one of your favorite cookie recipes!
September equals the start of all things pumpkin at my house. I love absolutely love the smell of pumpkin spice because it signals the beginning of fall and my favorite time of year! This easy pumpkin chocolate chip cookie recipe is the perfect way to kick off the beginning of the season.
What Are Other Delicious Pumpkin Recipes?
There are so many delicious recipes you can make with pumpkin spice and I’m determined to make them all. Before I share my favorite pumpkin chocolate chip cookies recipe, here are a few of my favorites.
These Pumpkin Pancakes are so fluffy and taste amazing!
Another great breakfast recipe are these Pumpkin Crepes.
These Pumpkin Muffins with a streusel topping will make your house smell incredible!
Pumpkin Rolls will add the taste of fall to any dinner recipe.
When I made these pumpkin chocolate chip cookies, I had an open can of pumpkin puree leftover from a previous pumpkin recipe I had made. I decided to put the extra puree to good use and added it to these cookies. Best.Decision.Ever!
I was incredibly pleased with how these pumpkin chocolate chip cookies turned out. They were so soft and puffy, and had more of a cake-like consistency than do regular cookies. It was kind of like eating a small pillow of cookie-cake. Eek, so good! Um, so good, I ate two before dinner.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.456013
Retrieved Text: Best healthy cookie recipes roundup for you and your cookie-loving soul.
Best healthy cookie recipes: If a cookie has a slight health twist, that only means I can eat twice the number of cookies. Do you share my logic?
Here’s a collection of the best healthy cookie recipes. Some of them have the addition of a vegetable (like, pumpkin!), and some boast healthy add-ins like quinoa and flax seeds. Some are even naturally gluten-free or vegan!
This cookie recipe is made with coconut oil, whole wheat flour, and coconut sugar. These healthy chocolate chip cookies are the most common cookie recipe that I make for Camille. She loves them (and so do I!).
These cookies are not only vegan (thanks to some flax seed action), but they’re gluten free too! These vegan chocolate chip cookies are the recipe that got me into brown rice flour, and now it’s a staple in my pantry.
These are the chewiest, chocolate-iest cookies, and they just so happen to be gluten-free because almond flour brings so much CHEW to the table. It’s a happy accident. If you want chewy cookies, skip regular flour and reach for almond flour, and make these gluten free chocolate chip cookies.
Everyone knows that if you add a vegetable to a cookie dough, it makes it healthy, right? Make these pumpkin chocolate chip cookies, and feel virtuous with every bite.
If you like a soft chocolate chip cookie with melty bits of chocolate throughout (and you don’t mind the addition of quinoa for protein), these are the cookies for you. You won’t

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.440044
Retrieved Text: I've been tweaking this recipe for what feels like months... wait it has been, haha. I'm glad I waited, because tomorrow is actually National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day, who knew?! What better time to share this AMAZING cookie, so you can be ready tomorrow! My online buddy Karen posted a cookie recipe that was similar, and that got my noggin rattling. I can't keep well enough alone, and wanted a lower fat version so I could enjoy them too. I don't eat high fat due to a horrible problem I once had (but DON'T anymore thanks to WFPBNO eating), that I never want again. I promise I'll give you the scoop on why I eat super low fat, SOON. If you haven't noticed I love making things with oats, SAUSAGE, CHEESE SAUCE, and PANCAKES. Seriously, they are this magical ingredient that I actually used to hate. Hate is a strong word, but I honestly loathed the texture, the lack of flavor, the gummy... goo. You'd never know that now. I have a "shout at the roof tops" kind of LOVE for oatmeal now. I still very rarely eat a bowl of oatmeal, but I use it daily. I also love Chickpeas for a number of reasons and both of these magical ingredients play a large roll in what makes these cookies healthy, without tasting healthy. My oldest hates beans, I still hide them in dishes to get her to eat them, shhhh, gosh don't tell her she will KILLLL me. She loves these and would be

================



======= Instance Index 352 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To get the clay flower pot bread flower pot out of the coals

Choice 1: get the hot flowerpot out of the coal using tongs after 20 mins

Choice 2: get the hot flowerpot out of the coal using your hands after 20 mins

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.710617
Retrieved Text: flower pot decoration ideas 5 interesting flower pot ideas flower pot diy ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas flower pot decoration ideas clay flower pot painting ideas luxury clay flower pot crafts cute designs flower pot decoration ideas clay flower pot decorating ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas how to decorate lovely flower pot step by step tutorial instructions flower pot craft ideas for mothers day.
flower pot decoration ideas pot ideas 5 mini clay flower pot decorating ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas bunny flower pot craft idea ceramic flower pot painting ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas garden flower pots gardening flower pots decoration ideas coleus plants cute flower pot painting ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas succulent plant diy painted flower pot ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas image of lovely flower pot ideas flower pot designs ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas lace flower pots flower pot painting ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas flower pots decoration ideas desired home flower pot craft ideas for mothers day.
flower pot decoration ideas flower pot decoration designs catchy cool garden plant pot decoration ideas may let anyone to get flower pot decoration flower pot painting design ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas painted flower pots crafts stacked flower pots spray painted pots to give ceramic flower pot design ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas flower pot collage small flower pot craft ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas flower pot container decoration ideas by easy flower pot painting ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas pot decoration flower pot painting ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas flower pot ideas 3 clay flower pot craft ideas.
flower pot decoration ideas clay flower pot crafts interior design

########
Rank: 1
Score: 53.26668
Retrieved Text: get quotations a 5 6 clay pots great for plants and crafts tall decorative.
ceramic clay planters tall standard size pots matching chimney flowerpots on wood shelf.
tall hand pressed ancient stressed round flower pot clay pots large contemporary outdoor and planters.
large tall clay pots decorative ceramic pot garden planters for astounding.
light gray tall square planter clay pots skinny n.
outdoor clay pots large tall ceramic garden pot planters modern skinny.
tall red clay cannon pot pots chimney.
tall glazed copper red u pot planters garden centre pots to inspire clay mexican online.
mini clay pots cylinder plant pot how to make tall for sale 3 pack terracotta home depot p.
tall clay pots view details simplistic terracotta chimney pot flower home depot outdoor dec.
three tall clay pots with succulents in house spa garden for sale.
terracotta pots latest price manufacturers suppliers tall clay skinny.
tall clay pots decorative copper planters outdoor smooth planter.
version item tall clay chimney pot pots plant.
tall terracotta flower pot clay pots large.
large black clay pot tall dark giant outdoor pots plant.
show more blended glaze pots tall clay narrow glazed.
roll top flared pot tall clay pots chimney.
tall clay outdoor pots skinny pot.
set of three weathered white clay pots on tall copper stands urban greenhouse holistic plant.
tall white clay planter pot pots chimney.
boxwood tall preserved natural with clay pot 8x12x pots for sale.
tall clay pots large square fiber pot with flare top.
large tall clay pots plant planter ideas patio with lantern rustic outdoor flower.
batik decorative tall large planters pots clay flower earthenware sari.
tall square pot toll natural color stylish planter large size

########
Rank: 2
Score: 52.57608
Retrieved Text: Published 04/21/2019 02:35:12 am at 04/21/2019 02:35:12 am in Small Clay Pots.
small clay pots mishti doi sweet condence milk turned into yogurt served traditionaly in such a small small clay pots for dozen benefit plants small clay pots for dozen.
clay plant pots large clay flower pots clay plant pots for sale clay plant pots small , tiny clay pots tiny terracotta pots mini clay flower pot crafts tiny clay pots a small village with clay pot houses tiny polymer clay plant pots tiny clay pots , indian clay biriyani pot ancient cookware indian clay biriyani pot description, flower decoration vertical pot indoor herb idea small clay pots can ceramic owl flower pot small clay succulent lovely indoor garden plants nursery pots desktop crafts using grapes clay flower pot wide small , small clay pots michaels flower pots gallery small clay pots michaels, unglazed terra cotta pot undefined unglazed clay pots for sale unglazed terra cotta pot small clay pot rustic pottery vase plain clay pot clay pot orange unglazed terra cotta pot , small clay pot at rs carton cooking pots id small clay pot, pots clay pot, winlyn pcs small terracotta pot clay pots clay ceramic pottery winlyn pcs small terracotta pot clay pots clay ceramic pottery planter cactus flower pots, small succulent potssmall clay potssmall glazed pots buy small small succulent potssmall clay potssmall glazed pots, ceramic owl flower pot small clay pot succulent lovely indoor ceramic owl flower pot small clay pot succulent lovely indoor garden plants nursery pots desktop flower bonsai planter

########
Rank: 3
Score: 51.61585
Retrieved Text: rubber flower pots flower pot feet 12 pack excellent pot feet for plant pots planters extremely durable non slip non scratch rubber plant pot risers great way to plastic flower pot feet.
rubber flower pots drawn pot plant rubber plant rubber plugs for flower pots.
rubber flower pots how to make a rubber tire flower pot cylinder concrete molds silicone rubber flower container molds cylinder concrete molds silicone rubber flower container molds handmade silicone pot molds clay molds.
rubber flower pots colorful rubber boots used as flower pots homer alaska usa photographic print by dennis flaherty artcom plastic flower pot feet.
rubber flower pots lift my pot flower pot feet invisible flower pot risers rubber risers for plant rubber flower pots.
rubber flower pots new arrival concrete flower pot mold diy succulent pot molds plant pot mould rubber molds for rubber flower pots.
rubber flower pots rubber boot flower pots.
rubber flower pots costa farms burgundy rubber plant in 875 in pot 10burg at the home depot mobile rubber bands paint happy striped clay pots see the full diy rubber bands paint happy striped clay pots see the full diy.
rubber flower pots cylinder concrete molds silicone rubber flower container molds handmade silicone pot molds clay molds recycled rubber flower pots.
rubber flower pots with a few supplies you can turn an old rubber boot that was headed for the dumpster into a cute and practical flower planter add a little whimsy to your recycled rubber flower pots.
rubber flower pots recycled rubber flower pots recycled rubber planters rubber buckets hg 13 0551 recycled rubber flower

########
Rank: 4
Score: 51.522213
Retrieved Text: Way to enhance home decor large terracotta pot and save ideas about flower pot large piece of lawn and large flower pots clay. From a large plant a large arrangement by in the outdoors department at including green leaf pot large. Large clay flower pots arrangement, find and outdoor flower clay flowers and large glazed flower pots for just with stripes of plastic flower pots clay cotta flower pots large size tin olive oil. Planters. Arrangement in a waterfall of rustic clay pot in large arrangement s giant clay flower arrangement ideas about large. In full bloom and patio flower.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 51.40653
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 01:54:47 am at 04/24/2019 01:54:47 am in Chalkboard Flower Pots.
chalkboard flower pots diy chalkboard herb pots tutorial chalkboard flower pots mommys memorandum peeps basket to planter.
diy chalkboard flower pots hometalk diy chalkboard flower pots, flowerpot ideas how to make your own chalkboard flowerpots and chalkboard flowerpots make the perfect gift what a perfect way to welcome a new neighbor or let a friend know that you are thinking about her, huge flower pot chalkboard with succulent plant house plant etsy image , chalkboard flower pot gallery craftgawker fall flower pot, chalkboard flower pots inspirational bsquared designs get your chalkboard flower pots inspirational bsquared designs get your craft chalk it up, sew organized chalkboard flower pot organization flower pot craft room organization magazines utensils, diy chalkboard paint herb pots shelley makes diy chalkboard plant pots, amazoncom mini ceramic chalkboard flower pots health personal care mini ceramic chalkboard flower pots, chalkboard flower pots pretty do yourself a favour and some chalkboard flower pots pretty do yourself a favour and some chalkboard paint now, polka dot chalkboard flower pots project plaid online polka dot chalkboard flower pots, decorate one with chalkboard paint for a clay pot teacher gift decorate one with chalkboard paint for a clay pot teacher gift.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 50.76364
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 04:19:52 pm at 04/19/2019 04:19:52 pm in Round Terracotta Pots.
round terracotta pots large decorative terra cotta nursery pots planters the home depot plastic round pot pack.
fraska terracotta planter terracotta garden pots taylor made round terracotta plant pot, large clay pots for sale flower pots for sale large clay plant pots large , small terra cotta pots wish small terracotta pot ceramic clay small terra cotta pots mini round cheap small flower pots cheap terracotta pots small terra cotta pots , round terracotta cabral clay pot at rs piece terracotta pots round terracotta cabral clay pot, small terracotta pots sale , ceramic flower pots set of round terracotta pots wholesalecheap ceramic flower pots set of round terracotta pots wholesale cheap ceramic flower pots, goopot with rope round deep flower pots brown terracotta pot s with rope round deep flower pots brown terracotta pot s cm, round terracotta pots plastic terracotta pots round cheap terracotta round terracotta pots scale med round terracotta chimney pots dolls house flower accessory terracotta pots round terracotta pots , terracotta pots terracotta pots round, terracotta pots and planters inspirational cm plant pots planters terracotta pots and planters inspirational cm plant pots planters chengdu patio pot plastic round, round terracotta nursery flower pots with saucer .

########
Rank: 7
Score: 50.640614
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 02:44:27 am at 04/20/2019 02:44:27 am in Small Clay Pots.
small clay pots mini terracotta pots bulk small plastic plant pots some flower pots are made from terracotta clay mini terracotta pots bulk small mishti doi sweet condence milk turned into yogurt served flickr mishti doi sweet condence milk turned into yogurt served traditionaly in such a small.
tiny clay pots tiny terracotta pots mini clay flower pot crafts tiny clay pots a small village with clay pot houses tiny polymer clay plant pots tiny clay pots , brilliant ways to upcycle clay pots clay terracotta pots arent just for planting flowers from a mini lighthouse to a bbq smoker clay pots can be transformed into cool and functional items , best two small clay pots with wire basket for sale in victoria two small clay pots with wire basket, wituse ceramic owl flower pot small clay pot succulent lovely indoor wituse ceramic owl flower pot small clay pot succulent lovely indoor garden plants nursery pots desktop, amazoncom x clay pots great for plants and crafts clay pots great for plants and crafts, mishti doi sweet condence milk turned into yogurt served flickr mishti doi sweet condence milk turned into yogurt served traditionaly in such a small, doll house mini terracotta dollhouse clay pots in furniture doll house mini terracotta dollhouse clay pots in furniture toys from toys hobbies on aliexpresscom alibaba group, small clay plant pots planters the home depot percy pug in x in black and white earthenware planter, amazoncom winlyn pcs small terracotta

########
Rank: 8
Score: 50.58639
Retrieved Text: fancy clay pots fancy resin succulent planter flower bonsai pot garden herb trough box basket exquisite flower pots plant cheap clay pots in bulk.
fancy clay pots a variety of clean terracotta pots ready to paint cheap clay pots for plants.
fancy clay pots years harry potter wedding clay pots.
fancy clay pots how to spray paint plastic plant pots.
fancy clay pots stacked terra cotta clay pot herb tower diy flower clay pot tower projects for fancy clay pots.
fancy clay pots cheap clay pots terra cotta.
fancy clay pots photo of calabasas flowers calabasas ca united states tall unique and fancy cheap clay pots in bulk.
fancy clay pots beautiful arrangement of flowers in fancy clay pot where to buy cheap clay pots.
fancy clay pots how to paint terracotta pots step by step fancy clay pots.
fancy clay pots clay flower pot tower candle holder diy flower clay pot tower projects for garden cheap clay pots for sale.
fancy clay pots various kinds lovely fancy animal clay pots cana wedding clay pots.
fancy clay pots image 0 cheap clay pots for plants.
fancy clay pots the sienna collection the antiqued sienna collection italian terracotta pottery harry potter wedding clay pots.
fancy clay pots image titled paint clay pots step 2 where to buy cheap clay pots.
fancy clay pots easy handmade whale clay pot harry potter wedding clay pots.
fancy clay pots cheap clay pots in bulk.
fancy clay pots how to season donabe japanese earthen pot easy japanese recipes at justonecookbook harry potter wedding clay pots.
fancy clay pots cheap clay pots.
fancy clay pots flower pot with soil cheap

########
Rank: 9
Score: 50.310604
Retrieved Text: plain terracotta pots give your kitchen windowsill a fresh new look with trendy painted herb pots weve picked a crisp fresh white hue for these pretty plant pots but you can cheap terracotta pots for plants.
plain terracotta pots cheap terracotta pots near me.
plain terracotta pots cheap terra cotta pots.
plain terracotta pots large tuscan terracotta pot where to buy cheap terracotta pots.
plain terracotta pots dress up those plain terra cotta pots brown round plain clay pot rs piece just feel the difference brown round plain clay pot.
plain terracotta pots personalised pot cheap terracotta pots for plants.
plain terracotta pots clay pot people best terracotta pots.
plain terracotta pots terra cotta clay pots how to paint on clay pots terra cotta clay pots wholesale terra terra cotta clay pots where to buy cheap terracotta pots.
plain terracotta pots wholesale terracotta flower pots.
plain terracotta pots terracotta pots plain cheap terracotta flower pots.
plain terracotta pots plain pots our products mud mountain hand made italian terracotta pots vases and olive jars cheap terracotta pots near me.
plain terracotta pots give your plain terracotta pots a beautiful antiqued texture by using plaster of paris easy picture instructions to follow frost free terracotta pots.
plain terracotta pots the sienna collection the antiqued sienna collection italian terracotta pottery large plain terracotta pots.
plain terracotta pots cheap terracotta plant pots.
plain terracotta pots 1db11eb90ebe2b6cb1964740044275a0jpg plain terracotta flower pots.
plain terracotta pots winlyn 6 pcs terracotta pot clay pots 4 clay ceramic pottery planter cactus flower pots succulent pot drainage hole great for plantscraftswedding favor cheap terracotta flower pots.
plain terracotta pots textured gold painted

########
Rank: 10
Score: 49.775784
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 05:03:04 am at 04/20/2019 05:03:04 am in Ceramic Pot Saucers.
ceramic pot saucers glazed ceramic potsaucer plus felt feet white 2 34quot ceramic flower pot with saucer ceramic plant pot saucers ceramic ceramic flower pot with saucer glazed ceramic plant saucer in pearl white ceramic pot ceramic flower ceramic flower pot with saucer.
ceramic plant pot saucers large planter saucers ceramic plant pot ceramic plant pot saucers plant pots with saucers plant pots with saucers plant pot saucer large ceramic plant pot saucers , ceramic flower pot with saucer large pot saucers tray extra large x ceramic flower pot with saucer ceramic flower pot with saucer ceramic plant pots hexagon ceramic planters ceramic flower pot with saucer , plant pot saucers underheaven plant saucers ceramic glazed photo of in pot metal saucer, ceramic plant saucer planter blue ceramic plant pot saucers ceramic plant saucer ceramic planters with saucers glazed ceramic medium cup saucer square ceramic plant saucers ceramic plant saucer , crackled white ceramic pot saucer crackled white ceramic pot saucer, ceramic flower pot with saucer ceramic plant pot saucers ceramic ceramic flower pot with saucer ceramic plant saucers plant pot saucers plant pot saucers square ceramic ceramic flower pot with saucer , spectacular sales for fiesta ceramic potsaucer purple x fiesta ceramic potsaucer purple x , blue ceramic seven seas square pot saucer indoor outdoor in dia ceramic square planter pot garden art flower box drainage hole water saucer blue, clay pot saucers plant ceramic pots gardenias sf saucer crafts clay pot saucers plant ceramic

########
Rank: 11
Score: 49.670975
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 04:36:15 pm at 04/22/2019 04:36:15 pm in Topsy Turvey Pots.
topsy turvey pots gizmodo this topsy turvy flower pot rotates around to follow the sun httpgizmodok40pmo0 pictwittercomdbutdzzhojhow brilliant clay flower pots that megan ward ward proctor and i made we just fun topsy turvy flower pots i have made several tipsy pots however i have.
garden pots planters nursery trays lids xcm upside down hanging garden pots planters nursery trays lids xcm upside down hanging planter system topsy turvy tomatoes, vertical vegetable garden fresh my take on the topsy turvy pots vertical vegetable garden fresh my take on the topsy turvy pots all planted with herbs and garden ideas, my topsy turvy pots hometalk my tops turvy pots flowers gardening repurposing upcycling, topsy turvy planters gardening on the slant the gardening coiok tipsy pot, tipsy pots planter stand unique tipsy flower pots best planters tipsy pots planter stand unique tipsy pots topsy turvy towers gallery empress of dirt, topsy turvy flower pot rr roccommunity finest topsy turvy flower pot creation hometalk qb, geurs house to home flower towers i should have read how other people made a topsy turvy flower planter instead of just looking at the picture and figuring , topsy turvy flower pot creation hometalk , topsy turvy tomato planter wooden planter boxes patio planters bzq topsy turvy tomato planter planter pots wooden planter boxes expert advice upside down , topsy turvy emotion garden wwwthefarmgirlgabscom , topsy turvy planters using clay pots clay pot crafts hanging topsy turvy planters clay pot crafts.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 49.613777
Retrieved Text: click to enlarge artificial flower pots online india morning glory.
buy cheap planters pots for big save one set artificial flower and gardening small mini colorful plastic nursery planter garden flowers wi.
country style iron flower pots artificial flowers suit hanging wall home decoration potted plants for outside fl.
wholesale decorative plastic flower rose flowers imported from china artificial pots for bathroom description.
fake flower pots outdoor artificial arrangements in for living room pot.
home decor artificial flowers sale of 3 pots with pot best quality realistic natural look faux flower arrangement for bathroom.
buy real touch flower pots planters artificial flowers orchid arrangements decorative in fashion watch floral with vase cheap price on india.
artificial plant rose flower pot clay natural roses for home decoration and more pots outside.
china artificial flowers white silk single stem w silver uneven flower pots online.
creative simulation small potted plant flower artificial pots decoration for graves.
artificial lotus flower pot real touch decorative for sale pots outdoor.
download artificial flowers in pots on the wall stock image of beautiful flower for inside colorful many aluminum hanging wood.
simulation fake flower decoration living room home coffee table plastic dry bouquet plant small pot artificial pots buy flowers with online india.
simulation of small green plants bonsai plastic flower pots fake flowers living room interior bookcase decoration artificial india.
home decor big bonsai artificial flowers orchid arrangements decorative flower pots planters handmade silk orchids for inside.
artificial flower pots buy flowers with online india plant potted green fortune tree floral ornaments desktop plastic view plants decorating the.
plastic indoor outdoor planter pots for wall decoration mounted

########
Rank: 13
Score: 49.559055
Retrieved Text: inexpensive flower pots large outdoor flower pots cheap large plastic plant pots photo 5 of planters large plastic plant large outdoor flower pots cheap cheap plastic hanging flower pots.
inexpensive flower pots photo of fort united states great selection of flower discount flower pots near me.
inexpensive flower pots inexpensive flower pot ideas designs frightening cheap big inexpensive flower pot ideas.
inexpensive flower pots inexpensive flower pot ideas cheap plastic hanging flower pots.
inexpensive flower pots large outdoor flower pots patio and planters luxury for best ideas on cheap planter inexpensive box lowest price flower pots.
inexpensive flower pots discount flower pots how to cheap flower pots container gardening crafts gardening share these with fellow discount flower pots cheap colored plastic flower pots.
inexpensive flower pots bamboo power flower pots bamboo flower pots discount flower pots cheap small plastic flower pots.
inexpensive flower pots spray paint cheap plastic pumpkin buckets in gold and turn into flower pots or vases for inexpensive decor the creativity exchange inexpensive extra large flower pots.
inexpensive flower pots painted flower pots cheap large ceramic flower pots.
inexpensive flower pots discount garden pots large outdoor flower pots outdoor plant pots garden plant pots cheap planters large discount garden pots cheap plastic flower planters.
inexpensive flower pots beautiful simple and inexpensive garden projects realized with clay pots decor ideas cheap flower planter ideas.
inexpensive flower pots inexpensive plant pots pink plant pots flower pots pink flower pot cachepot products flower pot containers cheap plastic flower planters.
inexpensive flower pots discount flower pots and planters plastic plant pots wholesale photo 6 of 7 cheap pots and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 48.794994
Retrieved Text: How to Cut Terracotta Pots in Half. Cutting a terracotta pot in half will supply you with the raw material for a number of crafts. Some people use the half pots as caves for fish, eels or frogs to hide under in aquariums. By cutting your own terracotta pot, you …... Creating miniature gardens by making use of the broken pots is a new trend in gardening. There are many nice ideas to use a broken pot and its parts to make the terraces and plant small plants, and decorate to look like a garden that a fairy would live in.
Home for a gnome out of a broken clay pot. Broken clay pot gnome gardens are one of my favorites to create and people love seeing those little gnomes getting the perfect home.... This little flower pot wreath made from a simple grapevine wreath and terra cotta flower pots is a fun welcome to spring! Hang it on your porch or near a window and put live plants inside or add faux succulents if the wreath will be hanging away from natural light!
Fairy garden containers. Your miniature garden can be set against a mossy tree stump or inside on a small tray. Use a plastic dishpan, an enamel pan or a flower pot, Fill an old wheelbarrow, crate, a window box or a galvanized tub.... My Mom sent me a link to some fairy flower pots and asked me if I could make one, so of course I gave it a go! I think my fairy

########
Rank: 15
Score: 48.59273
Retrieved Text: clay urn tall weathered clay pedestal urn 7.
clay urn large fiber clay urn planter.
clay urn lovely old clay pot from for sale.
clay urn click to enlarge.
clay urn native red clay pot traditional storage with butterflies.
clay urn biodegradable clay urns biodegradable clay urn.
clay urn a large clay pot vase or urn with ears and a dark glaze from.
clay urn urn clay cs.
clay urn click here for a larger view.
clay urn clay pot clay pot.
clay urn urn clay bulk.
clay urn garden clay urn flower vase buy garden clay urn flower vase product on.
clay urn urn pot clay pottery historical ancient times.
clay urn large clay vintage vase urn vessel pottery water jug painted.
clay urn clay urn clay pottery urn vase planter clay urn with lid.
clay urn mica bean pot all handmade from clay clay pot cooking ceramic pottery clay.
clay urn hand made clay pot with lid.
clay urn clay vase urn bottle wood fired.
clay urn miniature clay pot fairy garden miniatures dollhouse miniatures doll making supplies craft supplies.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 48.145084
Retrieved Text: 6 Inch Flower Pot Gorgeous TerraPot Planter Color Clay Garden Indoor Or Pertaining To 13 | Footyflash.com small 6 inch ceramic flower pot. yellow 6 inch outdoor flower pots to buy. 6 inch flower pot.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 48.12991
Retrieved Text: discount terracotta pots sml composite fence pots plain for shadow box fences in a white washed terracotta finish terracotta pots for sale italian terra cotta planters flower the sienna collection.
discount terracotta pots 11 ways to decorate terracotta pots for less than 10 all cheap crafts creative diy planters youll love for your home cool crafts diy french pots.
discount terracotta pots terracotta home composter steps with pictures composting with earthen terracotta pots.
discount terracotta pots teeny tiny succulent pots cheap large plant pots extra large ceramic plant pots large plant cheap large plant pots extra large ceramic plant pots large plant pots perth wa.
discount terracotta pots clay plant pots picture of secure the wall cheap terracotta plant pots uk terra cota pots cheap large terracotta pots tamagoroooclub terra cota pots beautiful terracotta pots for sale clay plant pots for sale guy moss terracotta terra cota pots terracotta.
discount terracotta pots cheap terracotta pots cheap teracotta pots best pots images on flower pots buy cheap cheap teracotta pots terracotta pot clay ceramic pottery planter flower pots holder home cheap terracotta flower cheap teracotta pots.
discount terracotta pots terracotta planters and more round terracotta pots plastic terracotta pots round cheap terracotta round terracotta pots brown round plain clay pot unglazed terracotta pots nz terracotta pots online south round terracotta pots.
discount terracotta pots terra cotta psw pot terracotta pots wholesale mini terracotta pots mini terracotta terracotta pots wholesale manufacturers pottery.
discount terracotta pots 5 425quot clay pots great for plants and crafts decoration cheap plant pots flower pots plastic plant plastics outdoor cheap uk

########
Rank: 18
Score: 47.548004
Retrieved Text: An adorable little craft that’s easy to make and looks great in that special girl’s bedroom.
// Paint the clay pot white inside and out, use a thin layer of paint, it dries faster. Apply a second coat to the outside. Using whatever color you like for the large flower on the front of the pot, dip the flower shaped sponge (medium) into the paint until the sponge is covered, or paint the sponge with a paint brush. Apply the sponge to the front of the pot, rocking gently back and forth to ensure that all the paint from the sponge makes it onto the pot. Repeat with another color and smaller sponge around the rest of the pot. When the sponged flowers are dry, use the tip of a paint brush or the eraser on a pencil to dot a contrasting color into the center of the small flowers. Use paint brush for the center of the large flower. Using light green paint, paint the craft sticks. Only a quick thin layer is needed. Allow to dry. Glue foamie flowers to the ends of the craft sticks. Insert a small piece of Styrofoam into the clay pot, secure it with white craft glue. Insert the craft sticks into the Styrofoam. Crumple a square of tissue paper and glue it over the Styrofoam and craft sticks. If you use white tissue paper your can randomly blot green paint onto the tissue paper. Glue a piece of gingham ribbon around the rim of the clay pot. Allow to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 47.21218
Retrieved Text: Is your windowsill a hotchpotch of mismatching flower pots? We'll show you how to decorate them to create a harmonious ensemble.
Pretty serviettes, simple borders, blackboard paint - it doesn't take much to give old flower pots a new look. If you enjoy painting, clay pots are perfect for unleashing your artistic talent. But you can create beautiful pots even if painting isn't your thing. All you need is some glue and a good eye.
Got everything? The first step is to prime the clay pot with bright acrylic paint. Ideally, paint two coats on the pot to intensify the effect of the colour. Now you have to wait a bit until the pots are dry. Then create a template that you will use later for measuring. To do this, stand the flower pot on a piece of paper, mark the area that you will be sticking the appliqués onto and cut this out. Now you know size of the area that you can apply to. Cut out the serviette motifs that you will later use to brighten up the planter. You only need the upper layer. Remove this carefully from the paper napkin. In the next step, use the brush to apply glue evenly to the flower pots and carefully stick the motifs on. If the edges of the motifs also stick, wipe them with a clean brush or by hand until smooth. Take care with this, as the serviettes tear easily. Finally paint over all the motifs with a special adhesive and allow the pot to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 47.209095
Retrieved Text: White Flower Pots Decoration | Chiaraalbanesi.com white flower pots in bulk. cheap white clay flower pots. white flower pots home depot.
White Flower Pots Amazing Simple Ceramic Octagon Shape Pot Table Small Throughout 1. White Flower Pots Modern T4U 6 5 Inch Ceramic Round Simple Design Succulent Plant Pot Regarding 9. White Flower Pots Brilliant Sophie Conran For Portmeirion 7 Inch Pot USA Inside 13. White Flower Pots Elegant At Ikea Katy Elliott Cool Extraordinay 6 Www Inside 14. White Flower Pots Modern Plastic Planter With Saucer 10 RePotme Throughout 19. White Flower Pots Popular IKEA SKURAR Lace Steel Plant Pot Flowerpots Metal With 17. White Flower Pots Brilliant Amazon Com MyGift Modern Ceramic Hanging Planters Succulent Plant Intended For 15. White Flower Pots Amazing Decorative Wheatgrass Plant In Pot Stock Image Throughout 6. White Flower Pots Stylish Amazon Com Ceramic Pot Garden Planters 6 5 Pack 2 Inside 8. White Flower Pots Amazing Modern Indoor Decor Small Ceramic Pot Buy Throughout 3. White Flower Pots Popular Garden Supplies Ceramic Plant Pot With Bamboo Tray Small Within 7. White Flower Pots Stylish Amazon Com Chive Big Tika Large Succulent And Cactus Planter 5 Intended For 2. White Flower Pots Contemporary Decorative Pot Ella 18 Cm PLASTKON In. White Flower Pots Awesome Ceramic Planters Amusing Indoor Planter With 11. White Flower Pots Popular Light Grey Set Of Two Vases Plant Graham Green Inside 5. White Flower Pots Stylish Online Shop Set Of 2 Tooth Shape Ceramic Planter Regarding 16. White Flower Pots Modern Ceramic Mother In Law European

########
Rank: 21
Score: 46.682297
Retrieved Text: Find Deals on Clear Plant Pots in Gardening Tools on Amazon.
Great Selection Of Planters. Free Shipping On Orders Over $49.
Compare Planter Pots. Huge Spring Sales Now On! Hopping Mad Deals Ending Soon, Take Advantage Now!
Garden pots can contain minerals, pests, bacteria, and fungus that can harm your plants before they even get a good start. Learn how to clean garden pots properly and give plants their best start.
Cleaning and disinfecting plant pots is a habit you should get into no matter what type they are. If you’re wondering how to clean clay pots with plants in them, well… if a plant has been growing in the same terracotta pot for so long that the pot has buildup on it, then it’s time to repot that plant and give it some fresh soil anyway.
Cleaning flower pots is a chore all gardeners must do at one time or another. There are several ways to clean pots and some depend on what you are trying to clean. Most times gardeners clean the pots so fungi and bacteria are not passed on to new plants.
Starting with clean flower pots is very important when planting a container garden. Here’s the best way to clean your flower pots this growing season. It’s very important to start out with clean flower pots when you’re planting a container garden, but it’s probably something that many of us forget to do most of the time.
Clean the Pots. After a year of holding plants, soil and possibly fertilizer, most pots have a crusty layer affixed to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 46.645836
Retrieved Text: When it comes to fun projects, we love anything that can be made with a Clay Pot. Today we show you how to make a Flower Pot Pizza Oven and it’s awesome. View now.
Over time, we have shared lots of different projects and time and again, it is the Flower Pot Crafts that are consistently the most loved and shared on our Facebook Page.
The Flower Pot People and Critters have been very popular and everyone loved the Flower Pot Smoker too. Today we share another idea and that is how to make a Flower Pot Pizza Oven.
Nifty Outdoors is the creator behind this genius idea and we can’t wait to make one ourselves.
Flip the pot so the bottom side is up. Take the U-hook and mark the 2 points, then drill a hole so it will fit through. Make sure to start with a smaller drill bit and work your way up.
The drill bit heats up and may crack the clay pot, so have water to cool off the drill bit and hole.
Place a nut and washer on each end of the hook and thread it through the holes.
Carefully flip the pot on its side and place washer and nut to secure the U-hook. Once it is secured, it will become your handle.
Heat up charcoal in firepit or grill.
Once the charcoal is heated through, place grate on top of firepit or grill.
Place pizza on the pizza stone or pan and place on the grate. Be sure to use mitts to protect your hands from the heat.
Carefully

########
Rank: 23
Score: 46.585255
Retrieved Text: Here’s the perfect addition to your home and garden. We love these beautiful Clay Pot Flower Tower Ideas and they are just so easy to make. Watch the video tutorial now.
Add a splash of color with this Clay Pot Flower Tower! This will brighten up any space at your place and it’s so easy to recreate. You can paint the pots up or leave them natural.
Fill them with your favorite flowers or herbs, the choice is yours. There are so many variations and ways that you can display yours. You can even do a super cute fairy version too.
We have found a very simple video tutorial that will show you how to recreate a Clay Pot Flower Tower at home. You can make them straight or tipsy style, it is a matter of personal taste.
Another favorite of ours is this Ombre Stencilled Flower Tower from DIY Show Off that is a truly stunning centrepiece.
Another interesting take on the stacked planter is this fairy idea that we found on Hubpage and we love it.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 46.499577
Retrieved Text: Rustic Plant Pots Modern Pot Archives Page 2 Of Hoang Pottery Your Best Source Pertaining To 9 | Chiaraalbanesi.com rustic terracotta plant pots. large rustic plant pots. rustic ceramic plant pots.
Rustic Plant Pots Stylish Aged Metal Pot Set On Tray Inside 4. Rustic Plant Pots New Outdoor Flower Decor Bdotnet Throughout 10. Rustic Plant Pots Modern 2018 Vintage Garden Flower Pot Set Style Iron Flowerpot With Regard To 0. Rustic Plant Pots Stylish Large Garden Wooden Storage Pot Rack Acrylic Flower With 6. Rustic Plant Pots Brilliant Herb Gardening In Garden Design With And Within 13. Rustic Plant Pots Modern Pot Archives Page 2 Of Hoang Pottery Your Best Source Pertaining To 9. Rustic Plant Pots Incredible Cheap Pot Find Deals On Line At With 16. Rustic Plant Pots Incredible Clarnex Info Regarding 5. Rustic Plant Pots Modern Contemporary Garden Outdoor Sydney The Urban Balcony With Regard To 12. Rustic Plant Pots Attractive Vietnam Garden Planter Atlantic Pot Wholesale Cheap Buy Throughout 14. Rustic Plant Pots Incredible Galvanised Pot Set Of 4 The Farthing Within 2. Rustic Plant Pots Incredible Flower Outdoor JohnRegan3 Regarding 8. Rustic Plant Pots Stylish For 3. Rustic Plant Pots New Creative Storied Building Resin Flower Personalized Retro With 1. Rustic Plant Pots Awesome Succulents Set American Small Bonsai Decoration Home Desktop Within 19. Rustic Plant Pots Popular Basket Bamboo Succulent Bonsai Flower Bed Pot Box Case With 11. Rustic Plant Pots Stylish Moroccan Clay Flower Pot Intended For 17. Rustic Plant Pots Attractive Want To Decorate Your Flower Try These Ideas

########
Rank: 25
Score: 46.330883
Retrieved Text: 10 inch plastic flower pots 1pcs plastic flower pot tray universal mobile flower pot base with wheel garden cheap 8 inch plastic flower pots.
10 inch plastic flower pots black round fabric pots plant pouch root container 5 gallon grow bags handles aeration 10 pot gallon plant pot 10 inch white plastic flower pots.
10 inch plastic flower pots handmade porcelain 10 inch solid black flower pot planter china cheap 8 inch plastic flower pots.
10 inch plastic flower pots 10 inch deco color pot qty2 terracotta plastic flower pot 10 inch plastic flower pot saucers.
10 inch plastic flower pots t4u 3 inch plastic round succulent plant potcactus plant pot flower pot container 8 inch white plastic flower pots.
10 inch plastic flower pots t4u 25 inch plastic round succulent plant potcactus plant pot flower pot containerplanter dark brown package 1 pack of 10 cheap 8 inch plastic flower pots.
10 inch plastic flower pots free shipping plastic flower pot saucers tray with a pulley rotating 10 inch 10 inch plastic hanging flower pots.
10 inch plastic flower pots bangqiao 390 inch square plastic flower pots and plastic plant potspack of 10 cheap 8 inch plastic flower pots.
10 inch plastic flower pots 2pcslot 9 color diameter 10 inch plastic pots for plants hanging basket flower pot for art home decoration in hanging baskets from home garden on 10 inch plastic hanging flower pots.
10 inch plastic flower pots 10 inch plastic flower pots.
10 inch plastic flower pots galleon mkono plastic plant pot saucer flower planter tray indoor outdoor garden assorted 10 pack of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 46.235756
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 04:51:56 am at 04/26/2019 04:51:56 am in Ceramic Pot Saucers.
ceramic pot saucers glazed ceramic plant saucer ceramic plant pot saucers ceramic flower pot trays blue ceramic plant saucers potted plant saucer ceramic plant saucers pot saucers glazed pg potted plant saucer colorful flower planter plant pot home office gloss plastic plant pots planter saucer potted plant saucer terracotta plant pots.
large ceramic plant saucers indoor ceramic planters large indoor large ceramic plant saucers ceramic plant pot saucers royal blue large ceramic plant pot saucers , flower pots garden center very large outdoor planters plant orchid flower pots garden center very large outdoor planters plant orchid lowes kitchen faucets ceramic pot saucers, mini ceramic pot mini ceramic pot saucer x lilac purple mini ceramic pot mini ceramic pot saucer x lilac purple mini clay pots wholesale, terracotta plant saucers vemkclub terracotta plant saucers terracotta half pot inch glazed ceramic pot saucers, ceramic plant pot saucers indoor round ceramic garden pot with ceramic plant pot saucers ceramic pots large and medium sized indoor potted flower pots tray with ceramic plant pot saucers , plant pot saucers plant pot saucer deep plant pot saucers fopexclub plant pot saucers plant pot saucers saucer plant pot saucer plant pot saucers homebase plant pot plant pot saucers , hirts white christmas cactus plant zygocactus pot ceramic hirts white christmas cactus plant zygocactus pot ceramic pot saucer, ceramic flower pot with saucer ceramic plant pot saucers ceramic ceramic flower pot with saucer ceramic plant saucers plant pot saucers plant pot saucers square

########
Rank: 27
Score: 46.21872
Retrieved Text: Apart from decorating your rooms with flower pots, having sweet-smelling flowers, you can paint creative designs on them for an attractive and elegant appeal. You can opt for simple clay pots, or ones made of terracotta.
These informative tutorials would certainly give you a detailed insight into the various designs and methods you can implement while painting your flower pots.
The abstract designs on the pot make it look simply appealing.
These attractive, colorful pots would serve as a fabulous gift option for any special occasion.
Your kids would love creating a variety of designs of their choice on these pots.
You can replace the pink shade with a red one to give it a perfect watermelon-like look.
If you have restless little kids at home who would break and knock down whatever they come across, then these plastic plots would be a great option for a painting activity.
The black marker outlining the yellow and orange flower gives the flower pots a stunning appearance. You might choose the color in accordance to the season.
You can create any personalized message on your pot taking a cue from the given instructions. Do not forget to spray the pots at the end for a shiny finish.
The harlequin pattern gives the pot a sophisticated look. Sealing the terracotta pot with a sealer is essential so that when plants are put in the water would not soak through the pot causing the paint to bubble.
Even if you are not too good a painter, the simple instructions given would aid you in creating a gorgeous rose on your

########
Rank: 28
Score: 45.67738
Retrieved Text: Plan out your floor area of your desired deck and if required use battens to mark out the edge of your planned deck to A lit cascading clay pot water feature.
These are so cute clay pot people ! You can build these yourself and place them anywhere in your gardenwpc sq ft price france put them on your deckblack hardwood laminate floors next to the BBQhome depot decorative acrylic panels See moreHow to make a flower pot person Lay of the Land Garden Centre Settle North.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 45.527885
Retrieved Text: This DIY clay pot sugar dispenser is a more elegant version of our Lovely Little DIY Sugar Bowl that we made for our Kitchen Decorating Ideas. It looks beautiful on your counter or where ever you choose to place it. It’s simple and inexpensive to make using only a simple clay pot with the drainer disc and a small clear bowl. Add any type of knob you wish! If you’d like other similar ideas, make sure to check out our Small DIY Cake Stand as that can be used along with this to hold cookies or fruit. You could make a matching set!
Round decor bowl. (Dollar Store or Walmart in the craft section.) For our pot it was 3.5″ tall with a 3″ opening.
Begin by painting the pot and the clay plate in the color of your choice using acrylic paint.
Once dry, tape off the lip of the pot and cover the base with a paper towel.
Do the same thing to the clay plate.
Spray the exposed sections of the pot and plate with the silver spray paint.
Mix your epoxy as instructed. Using the epoxy, glue the handle or knob of your choice to the bottom of the clay plate. This will become the lid to your sugar bowl.
Turn the flower pot upside down and apply a ring of epoxy. Place the glass bowl onto the epoxy, being sure it is centered. Let dry overnight.
To create a ‘gum ball’ machine look, apply glue to a large wingnut and place it in the center of the flower pot

================



======= Instance Index 1657 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How long do I bake the semolina-coconut mixture when making a basbousa?

Choice 1: Bake the mixture in a preheated washer for 35 to 45 minutes

Choice 2: Bake the mixture in a preheated oven for 35 to 45 minutes

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.27223
Retrieved Text: Basbousa is a traditional bake for Egypt and much popular in the Middle Eastern Countries. It is made from Semolina and then soaked in sugar syrup and served.
Last Bake-e-thon when sapana posted Basbousa I was so much impressed by the simplicity of the recipe as it is eggless and very simple. I booked marked it right there and today is the right day to present it. Now let’s get started.
In a mixing bowl add in Curd and condensed milk, then add in melted butter.
Next add Water and Baking powder whisk everything together.
Finally add in Semolina and then fold everything together. Prepare a cake pan by greasing it with butter and then dusting it with flour finally line with a parchment paper.
Now pour the prepared batter to the baking pan. Preheat the oven at 180 Deg C for about 10 mins and then bake at 180 Deg C for about 20 mins or until a toothpick when inserted comes out clean.
For the sugar syrup in a sauce pan add in water and sugar and bring everything to a boil in a medium flame. It takes around 8-10 mins and then finally add in Lemon Juice and switch off the flame. When the cake completely cools off pour the sugar syrup and then slice and serve.
I dint serve my basbousa with Sugar syrup as I dint prefer.
You can also add a drop of rose essence in the sugar syrup for a nice flavour.
1. In a mixing bowl add in Curd and condensed milk, then add in melted butter.
2.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.63189
Retrieved Text: This is the simplest version of a famous Middle Eastern dessert. Other variations are called basbousa, halawa or halva.
In Syria, Ma-Mounia (mam-oo-nce-ah) is eaten for breakfast, but it also makes a very good dessert served with whipped double cream.
First make the syrup. In a medium-sized saucepan, combine the water, sugar and lemon juice. Place the pan over moderate heat and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat to high and boil the syrup for 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside.
In a large saucepan, melt the butter over moderate heat. When the foam sub-sides, add the semolina and fry it, stirring constantly, for 5 minutes or until it becomes crumbly in appearance.
Pour in the syrup and mix it thoroughly into the semolina. Cook the mixture for a further 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and set it aside for 15 minutes.
Spoon the pudding into a serving bowl, sprinkle with the cinnamon and serve while still warm.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.220917
Retrieved Text: A savory semolina crepe, better known as a rava dosa is one of my standard quick fix meals. Rava dosa are the instant version of the South Indian classic dosa.
The classic dosa is a lot of work and not easy to do for people like me who do don’t plan dinner 3 days in advance. It is made by soaking rice and lentils overnight, then grinding the mixture into a batter, and then letting the batter ferment overnight. Semolina (rava) makes instant dosa batter in under 10 minutes, and frankly tastes even better than the original.
I usually whip up a savory batter with semolina, salt and cumin seeds and eat the crepes plain with a cilantro chutney. Sometimes, if I feel like putting in a little more effort, I make a potato filling to go with it.
Last week, I was craving something sweet for dessert but didn’t feel like turning on the oven to bake. San Diego’s been getting some really hot weather lately. Inspiration struck while I was out walking the dog. I wondered if sweet rava dosas would taste good. They do!
The texture is different from the standard egg based crepes. It’s denser and a little chewier but tastes great.
**Note: I initially planned to make a vegan dish (even used smart balance for the pears and coconut milk for the caramel) but ended up adding mascarpone without really thinking about it. Substitute vegan cream cheese or leave cheese out entirely for a vegan version.
Toss all the ingredients into a saute pan and cook on

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.14598
Retrieved Text: Revani (reh-vah-nee) is a semolina sponge cake that is soaked in syrup. It is found in the Eastern Mediterranean cuisines and the name alters from basbousa on Arabic, to revani in Turkey, Greece and Balkan countries.
It actually is a cake in syrup usually flavored with lemon or orange zest. It belongs to the category of easy desserts. It is easy to bake, and the syrup is helping the cake to stay moist and fresh longer compared to simple cakes.
This recipe is presenting revani with coconut and lemon syrup.
Step one: Bake the cake first. Preheat the oven on 180 degrees Celsius or 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Put eggs and sugar in a large bowl and beat well on low speed until smooth. Then add rest of ingredients gradually while mixer is working.
Oil a round baking pan with 30 cm diameter. Pour the batter inside and bake for 45 minutes, until the color is golden brown.
Leave the cake to get cold and then cut into squares.
Step two: Prepare the syrup. Put water and sugar in a pan. Choose a biological lemon, or unwaxed, wash it well, dry it and peel of the skin. Put lemon skin in the pan and bring water to boil. Let the syrup boil for 4 minutes, take it from the heat and leave until it gets warm, not hot.
Step three: Pour the warm syrup on a cold cake. Leave the cake to absorb the syrup and serve it. You can sprinkle more dessicated coconut on the top if you like.
Revani is a sponge cake

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.411602
Retrieved Text: Baath Cake, also called Baatica, is a traditional Goan cake made using fresh coconut and semolina. It is usually baked to celebrate festivals like Christmas and Easter, forming a popular part of the traditional ‘Consuada’ or ‘Kuswar’ (festive sweets shared between families, friends and neighbours). Mildly sweet, with a moist crumb and rich flavour, this cake is perfect with a cup of tea or coffee.
A unique feature of Baath cake is that the cake batter, filled with a considerable amount of butter and eggs, is allowed to ‘rest’ overnight. However, we’ve adapted the recipe to cut down on the amount of butter and eggs, allowing for the cake batter to ‘rest’ for just three and a half hours. The cake is often flavoured with cardamom (elaichi), nutmeg or vanilla. Our version of the Baath Cake, flavoured with saffron, cardamom and rosewater, is truly delectable, whether baked for a celebration or even as a teatime treat.
“And that’s how the kingdom was saved by the brave pirate!” said Filip, triumphantly waving his toy wooden sword in the air. “What are you laughing at? I’m the brave pirate! I have far more important things to do than to play with you!” he cried, watching Isabel giggling on the floor. Annoyed with his little sister, Filip swung his cape behind him and stormed out of the room. “You’d best be careful with that tablecloth Filip,” warned Ayah (nanny), referring to the ‘cape’ that the boy had tied around his neck. “We wouldn’t want the white lace to tear, would we?”

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.187927
Retrieved Text: Orange Semolina Cake / Rava Cake topped with orange syrup made in Instant Pot or Pressure Cooker. Let me introduce you to this semolina cake, so easy to make…so delicious. It is fluffy and moist with the gorgeous orange flavor. This is a egg free cake, perfect for vegetarians.
The main ingredient in this cake is Semolina, which is used in many Indian dishes. This is typically made as a dry cake, which can then be soaked in sugar syrup, which I have in this recipe changed to orange sugar syrup. I had tried an orange polenta cake made by a colleague and since then I have been craving to make an orange cake myself. Finally I got to it and here is Orange Semolina Cake for you!
As I was creating this recipe, I saw that semolina is popular in any other cuisines as well. In Greek, Turkish and Albanian cuisine, semolina cake is called Revani. In Egyptian cuisine, it is called Basbousa. They are typically drenched in sugar syrup. It is very interesting to see the similarities in cuisines around the world.
The special thing about this recipe is that it is made in a Pressure Cooker. I was seeing people make such wonderful cakes in their Instant Pot, from cheesecake to banana cake and even chocolate cake. However I was not flattered by the banana cake made in the Instant Pot, it was too dense for our family’s taste. However I can assure you that this Semolina Cake will not disappoint you!
I tried two versions of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.441154
Retrieved Text: If you need a recipe for delicious no-bake cookies, that is also quick and easy to make, plus vegan, this is the right recipe for you! Also, if you love the flavor and aroma of coconut, those snowball-like truffles will become your favorite, as they are loaded with coconut! If you want to try other no-bake coconut-flavored cookies as well, check out those amazingly creamy and fresh coconut wafers, the delectable truffles with rum and oranges, or those exotic and aromatic truffles with lokum.
At first glance, those may look like the Boiled Eggs I posted a while ago. As a matter of fact, both recipes are using similar ingredients and have coconut as the main star, but the texture is different. Those are kind of crispy and chunky, while the Boiled Eggs have some hidden creamy "background".
As for the shape, you have two options. You can make small truffles that will play cute little snowballs, or you can make bigger truffles and then cut them into slices or halves before serving. It's up to you.
I am so sorry for the extremely low quality of most of the photos, but they were made in a hurry. ? Will post some better ones asap!
​Put water, sugar and vanilla extract into a pot and hit it over medium fire until boiling. Then, add semolina, stir well and cook for 2 more minutes, stirring constantly.
Remove from fire and add coconut. Stir well.
You will get a crumbly mixture that will look impossible to bond, but don't worry, it will be just

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.35857
Retrieved Text: Till a few months back, I never thought that we could do so many dishes with water melon. Till then, apart from eating it as such, the only other thing that I made with it was a juice. But then after making the dosa, I tried out idli, paniyaram and then now these Watermelon Dhoklas. For the idli, dosa and paniyaram, I used the white rind part of the fruit. But for making these dhoklas, I have used the actual fruit. The dhoklas came out too good and they looked so good too with a lovely color, do try this the next time you buy a watermelon..
Take the semolina and besan flour. When making the watermelon juice, grate the ginger and add it along with the watermelon pieces and keep 1 cup juice with the pulp ready.
Now to the semolina, add the salt and the watermelon juice and mix it well. In the meantime heat the water for steaming and grease a vessel that would go into the vessel that we are boiling the water. Once the water starts boiling, add the Eno to the semolina-watermelon mixture and mix it well.
Then immediately add it to the greased vessel and steam it at once for about 15 to 20 minutes. Insert a knife or toothpick, if it come out clean then the dhokla is done. Let it cool well, then turn it out in a plate.
Heat some oil, add the mustard seeds, once it starts sputtering, add the asafoetida and lastly add the sesame seeds, mix and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.25483
Retrieved Text: If you want to make a sweet treat, try the perfectly portioned bite-size semolina desserts recipe. Enjoy a little something sweet with the delicious dessert recipe.
2 – 2,5 cups of all purpose flour (the cup is 200 ml.).
1 slice of lemon juice (Do not boil the syrup,mix until the sugar dissolves).
Firstly, to prepare the dough, combine the vegetable oil, yogurt, semolina and vanilla in a deep bowl.
Add the baking powder and add the flour slowly cup by cup.
Knead and get a very soft dough but not sticky.
Divide the dough in 4 pieces.
Roll one of the pieces lenghtwise on a plain surface and get a long and thin roll.
Slice the roll in small pieces and dip each of the pieces into the semolina and place them in to a baking tray.
Continue with the other 3 dough pieces left.
After you place all of them in the tray then bake them in the preheated oven at 170°C until they get golden brown.
While baking, in a deep bowl, combine the sugar and the water and mix them until the sugar dissolves.
When the sugar dissolves, add the lemon juice and mix.
After baking, take semolina desserts out from the oven and pour the cold syrup on them.
Then leave them to absorb the syrup for 2 or 3 hours.
Before serving, you can sprinkle some grated coconut or crushed in big size walnut.
This bite-size desserts recipe is for 73 semolina desserts.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.160137
Retrieved Text: I have bookmarked few baking recipes from treat and trick blog and tried few of them. I find all her baking recipes are simple and easy to make at home with available ingredients what we usually have at our pantry. They also worked out well. As a first step, I am posting one of her simple, very easy but delightful semolina cookies.
The authentic recipe calls for equal quantity of butter/ghee and sugar. but I have tweaked it to satisfy my family's taste buds. The cookies are also called as ghee cookies/biskut suji and they can be prepared with or without the semolina. They melt in your mouth when you taste them. If you are newbie baker, then I would suggest you to go for this cookies. Even your children can bake this. It is such an easy recipe!
1) Preheat the oven to 160C(320F). Place the baking paper in on baking tray.
2) In a mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar.
3) Add semolina and flour to this mixture.
4) Initially, it looks like bread crumble, but you can form a soft dough. Use your hand for making this.
5) Divide the dough into a big gooseberry size balls. Place them in baking paper by leaving an inch of space between them. Place the cherries on top of it.
6) Bake it for 15-20 minutes or until the cookies very slightly change in colour.
7) Transfer to a wire rock and cool completely.
8) Store in a air tight container.
1) Cut the glazed cherries into 4 and use them to decorate. As I used

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.118946
Retrieved Text: Sugar-free, dairy-free, gluten-free and grain-free no bake ccookies that come together quickly for a healthy dessert in a flash!
No Bake Coconut Cookies are sugar Free, dairy-free, gluten-free and grain-free too! They come together quickly and are made of super healthy ingredients. This is one of the best gluten-free no bake dessert recipes!
I am excited to welcome Adrienne from Whole New Mom. Adrienne and I first started chatting as we were eyeing up each others recipes over on Google+. I’m still learning when it comes to making healthy treats, especially gluten free ones, but she has it down! Plus most of her recipes are or can be made dairy-, sugar- and egg-free. And she has a whole bunch of other healthy living information and tips which make this lifestyle so do-able. Round out dinner by checking out Love Bakes Good Cakes for some Healthy Meals or The NY Melrose Family for some Healthy Snack Ideas in our #EatHealthy15 Series.
I love baking healthy treats, and have loved baking for as long as I can remember.
What I mean by that is “no bake desserts” like these no bake cookies.
I love them for so many reasons–mainly because I am busy.
I mean, baking treats and snacks for my family is something that I love to do–and do often, but recently life has been just crazy and keeping up with 2 hungry boys (and a hungry dad) while being on special diets can make baking into a chore.
That’s where no bake desserts like these “Grasshopper” Chocolate Mint Bars, Almond Joy Bars, Nut

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.011166
Retrieved Text: 2. Heat the milk, cream and butter together in a saucepan. Sprinkle the semolina over the hot milk mixture and heat, stirring, until the milk boils and the mixture thickens.
3. Cook for a further 2-3 minutes, stirring, until the semolina becomes clear.
4. Keep stirring and remove from the heat. Stir in the caster sugar.
5. Pour the semolina mixture into a buttered ovenproof dish. Bake the semolina for 30 minutes, until lightly browned.
6. Just before the pudding is ready, make the jam sauce. Sieve the jam into a saucepan. Add the raspberries and warm through gently.
7. Serve the semolina pudding with the warm jam sauce.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.969658
Retrieved Text: Pre-heat oven to 180 degree C or 350 degree F. Prepare your baking pan by greasing your pan with little buuter/oil and sprinkle little flour on allover the surface. Set aside.
In a bowl, mix together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and baking soda. Mix well and set aside.
In another bowl, mix powdered sugar and yoghurt first till smooth. Then add oil and vanilla essence in there and beat a little till smooth. Add in hot water little by little as needed while adding flour mixture little by little. Beat with hand mixture and add some more flour until all flour mixture is used.
Beat for 2-3 minutes more in high speech to add air in the batter. Pour the batter in prepared pan and put the pan in the oven.
Bake for 40-45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Do not open your oven door often, while baking to avoid cracking on cake.
Cool on wire rack until cake cools down.
Decorate and serve. I have decorated with whipped cream frosting and decorated a little with melted chocolate.
Last day I made Basbousa oh my god it made my day very secial I could say!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.662304
Retrieved Text: It is a cookie! It is a candy! It is two treats in one. This is an easy to make, creamy and delicious no-bake coconut ball recipe with a nutty surprise in the middle. These coconut balls are delightful sweet treat your whole family will enjoy. Yum!
These No Bake Coconut Balls are unique. And simple to make. The only thing you want to be sure of is that your unsweetened coconut flakes are fairly small. The Bob’s Red Mill shredded, unsweetened coconut is tiny enough to use without having to run your unsweetened shredded coconut through the mini processor.
Hubby says these remind him of the Toasted Coconut Good Humor Bars that were sold off the Good Humor truck when he was a kid. Hubby adores these No Bake Coconut Balls. I have given them away to people who do not like sweets, who do like sweets, and people who fall in between. These have been universally loved by all!
Give ’em a try. They are truly easy to make, and will last in the fridge for up to a week so you can make them ahead of time for a party or work function.
• Crush your corn flakes (give them a 10 second pulse in your mini food processor), set aside.
• Cut your almonds in half width-wise (not lengthwise), set aside.
• Using a stand mixer, beat together sugar and butter, until the texture is fluffy.
• By hand, mix dry powdered milk into the butter mixture.
• Add the crushed corn flakes, almond extract and 1 ½ cups of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.478863
Retrieved Text: When I was growing up, I always used to love the shortbread cookies with the jam filling in the center – anyone else remember those?! Well, let’s just say that my tastebuds and likings have shifted a little… okay, a lot! But one thing I do still love is a yummy, satisfying treat. I decided to create my take on these jam-filled cookies by making these delicious blueberry lemon shortbread bars!
I took on the challenge to make these bars nut-free. If you know me, I’m always up for a good challenge in the kitchen :)! Not using nuts in a recipe is a lot coming from me! I literally use almond flour is every. single. recipe. One of my good friends is allergic to nuts, so I was determined to make her one of my treats that she could enjoy. I use a mix of coconut flour and tapioca flour in the crust which is the perfect blend for taste and texture.
I also top these bar off with a coconut butter drizzle! Oh. Em. Gee. Guys, yes the drizzle might be optional, but come on – is it really optional? The answer is definitely NO! I already love coconut butter to begin with and can easily eat it by the spoonful straight from the jar, but drizzling it on top of these bars is pure heaven.
I know that you guys are going to go crazy over these, and I can’t wait for you to be as obsessed as I am!
Preheat the oven to 350º and line

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.442482
Retrieved Text: Rava Laddu: Rava laddu or Rava ladoo is a simple and exotic Indian sweet made with Semolina or sooji. Rava laddu is one of the common sweet prepared in almost every household during festivals of Krishna Jayanthi, Ganesh chaturthi and Diwali. Grated coconut, roasted rava, ghee, dry fruits and nuts, and sugar is all you need to make a delectable platter of homemade rava laddoos.
Heat the ghee in a pan, on low heat.
Roast the cashew nuts and raisins.
Heat the semolina in the same pan, on medium heat.
Roast the semolina till fragrant.
Add in the grated coconut.
Fry the mixture, stirring continuously, for 2-3 minutes.
Cook the mixture, stirring continuously for 5-6 minutes.
Slowly add in the milk to the mixture, stirring continuously as you do so.
Add in the green cardamom powder, roasted cashews and raisins.
Once all the milk is added, continue to mix until the mixture comes together.
The mixture will be quite moist and will stick around your ladle.
Cool down the mixture, till it is warm enough to handle.
Make into lemon-sized balls and gently set aside.
Rava Laddu’s are ready to be served.
If the rava laddu mixture is too dry, sprinkle water or milk as you shape the laddu.
Instead of using milk, you can use water or a mix of water and milk.
If you are using only water, it will increase the shelf life of the rava laddu.
Adjust the sugar to your preference. This recipe gives you a mildly sweet rava laddu.
This recipe gives you soft ladoos. If you prefer the firmer ones, decrease the amount of milk / water.
If you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.381123
Retrieved Text: Nannyberry (viburnum lentago), also known and sheepberry and sweet viburnum, is now ripe for picking. It is not yet a fruit which is widely recognized as being edible, but its sweet juicy berries and well-worth picking. Not only are they delicious, but they are easy to identify and very easy to pick. No prickly stems, no stooping, and the thick clusters of berries can just be pulled off in bunches, making them the most economical berries in terms of time. My little harvest took no more than 10 minutes (not counting the time spent nursing my bee sting). While I can’t vouch for just how nutritious they are, the deep black blue colour of the berries make me think they just have to be good for you.
Nannyberries are native to the northern US and southern Canada. It is often found along roadsides, near creeks and swamps, wherever there is a combination of water and sun. It is also cultivated because of its compactness, beautiful white clusters of flowers in late spring, bright foliage in the fall, hardiness in cold climates, and of course the dark clusters of berries which ripen towards the end of September through October. One thing I discovered is that the honey bees love them, so be careful when picking and where you plant them. However, if you keep bees, or you want to attract pollinators, the plants are a great acquisition.
To help you identify it, it has oval leaves growing in pairs on opposite sides of the twigs, slightly serrated edges, and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.379356
Retrieved Text: Coconut Yoghurt is something that will change your life forever, I think I have jumped on the cocnut yoghurt bandwagon a little late but better late than never right? I mean considering that coconut oil used for cooking and as a moisturizer and of course hair oil – I have done it all thanks to having lived in Mumbai. The most amazing taste of coconut oil in food I have eaten has got to be the banana chips sold at small tiny shops mostly to be found outside railway stations where raw banana slices are deep fried in a massive wok gingerly balanced on gas stove. It is a miracle how though these street food stall owners manage to function in tiny spaces in the busy bustling lanes adjoining stations – it is just something I shall never be able to figure out!
Ok back to coconut yoghurt – I wanted to use them in pancakes and also use a mix of flours to come up with a pancake that is not just fluffy but a bit crunchy too – a fusion of the dosa with the pancake really. This time I left out the Natvia sugar and upped the berries and let the natural fruit sugars do their magic.
Co Yo is a very creamy and delicious yoghurt made with coconut milk – it is 100% dairy free , 100% gluten free – and true to their tag line it really does taste like – heaven in a mouthful! An offshoot of Planet Organic these are now

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.29157
Retrieved Text: This recipe for coconut macaroons is one of my favorite when it comes to easy-to-make and, at the same time, very delicious cookies. I will not call this recipe a traditional Danish recipe or Nordic for the matter. However, I clearly remember these coconut macaroons from my childhood and how much I loved them – so they are diffidently been around in Denmark for a long time. I have not had them for many years and had completely lost my memory of them. One day I stumbled upon this old recipe for these delicious coconut treats, of course I made a batch as soon as possible. Instantly my good memories of them came back.
The origin of this recipe is probably not any of the Nordic countries but it is differently a good choice if you are looking to make a treat that has been popular in Denmark, Sweden and Norway for many, many years.
Besides being super delicious, they are also very easy to make and you only need four simple ingredients; sugar, coconut flakes, egg whites and dark chocolate. What I personally like the most about these cookies is the crisp outside combined with the soft inside and the dark chocolate at the bottom – they are, and will always be one of my all-time favorite.
As said, they are very easy to make. You start by mixing the sugar and coconut flakes. Then separating the egg whites from the yolks. Transfer the whites to a second bowl and whisk them into a fluffy and stiff mixture.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.260357
Retrieved Text: For anyone with an adventurous mindset, I would like to share my take on a rustic version of the Eurasian Almond Sugee Cake, made with unblanched almonds, topped with almond-vanilla icing.
My vesion of the Eurasian almond pastel de sémola de rústica, served with the grated zest of a lime atop the almond-vanilla icing glaze.
As a little Eurasian girl growing up in Singapore, I can remember Almond Sugee / Semolina Cake from a very early age. In my family it was also my father who carried the Eurasian heritage forward and who had baked the cake in the family well before I was born.
My grandmother, Dorothy Yap, and me in 1978.
To all appearances this cake might well have a long history stemming from Medieval Europe where we can find numerous variations of similar semolina cakes today. Some googling around, shows that in the Middle Eastern countries, they have variations of Revani (an orange semolina cake), Namoura (without eggs) and Basboosa (with coconut and yoghurt). In south Europe, Italy has its own variations of torta di semolino made with lemon or orange, and from India to Southeast-Asia, there are variations of the sugee / sooji cake made with essence of rose or rose syrup poured over the cake after baking and cooling.
The recipes also vary with regards to the use of semolina, with some recipes using pure semolina flour and others calling for a mix of semolina and plain flour.
There are different types of semolina made from rice (white semolina) and buckwheat but the Eurasian sugee cake calls

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.170288
Retrieved Text: These easy Nutella No Bake Cookies are a fun and nostalgic treat to make in no time at all. Perfect after school or midnight snack.
It has been way too long since I have enjoyed a no bake cookie around here. In fact, I really can’t remember the last time I had one. I actually think these no bake cookies that I shared 5 years ago was the last time I made and ate them.
5 years ago! That’s crazy. One because when I looked back, I realized how tiny my kids were that day, and two because no bake cookies are awesome. How could I have gone so long without have them in my life?!?!?!!
Actually, one reason I don’t make them more often is because of all the coconut in them. I end up eating the entire batch of cookies because my kids say they don’t like coconut. Yes, the entire batch!!! Diet fail going on right here! I’m going to need another 24 Day Challenge after all these cookies!
I’m wondering if I toast the coconut and give it a crunchy texture if that would change the crazy kids minds? That might just have to happen!!
All I know is that after one of these cookies I knew I had to make more batches because they were so dang good! Were good because I devoured them in like 9.456 seconds!
I’m sorry peanut butter, but I may never use you again in this recipe. The Nutella and coconut combination was absolutely divine together. They were actually “you will eat

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.9685
Retrieved Text: I first made these cookies when I was making coconut macaroons. They happened by accident. A happy accident I think! My first time making macaroons using aqua faba (the liquid left over in a can or cooked chickpeas).
I was very excited to experiment, as I do with recipes that are conventional (non vegan), which I ‘veganize’, and especially because I’m fairly new to aqua faba and have had great success with it.
Anyway, back to the macaroons. I looked at many conventional recipes and used a combination, with tweaks (and replacing the egg whites with aqua faba) of a few to make my macaroons. Having never made them before, I accidently overbeat the aqua faba and sugar until stiff peaks formed. I’ve since learned that to make macaroons, the sugar, aqua faba mixture should be foamy, not mixed to stiff peaks.
I was expecting macaroons, but instead, the batter spread and I ended up with these light and crispy cookies.
Toast your coconut by spreading it on a parchment or Silpat lined baking sheet. Put on the middle rack of your oven and toast for about 8 minutes. Mix it around on the sheet and bake longer if necessary. It browns quickly so keep an eye on it and remove it when it starts to turn colour. Mix the coconut around on the sheet and let it cool. Note: The parchment or Silpat make it easier to dump into the aqua faba mixture.
Combine the aqua faba, sugar, vanilla, and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer with the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.83251
Retrieved Text: “We just adopted a girl from South India and she was fed idli’s and rawa idli’s. So we would like to try making them for her and our family as well. I have bought all the idli trays and the pressure cooker. All I need now is a recipe.
Idli are the ubiquitous bread of South India. Although often made of dal and rice, the semolina version is easy and popular. Sambar dal and coconut chutney are the eternal marriage partners of idli. Enjoy the combination for breakfast or brunch and discover the magic. They are steamed in an idli mould – a rack stacked with trays that looks like egg-poaching dishes. This recipe makes 16 idli, so look out for a 4-tier stacker that holds 4 idli per tier.
Heavily oil the idli steaming trays. Set them aside.
Heat the ghee in a frying pan, add the mustard seeds and fry until they commence popping. Add the dal, chili and cashew mixture and fry until the mixture darkens and becomes aromatic. Set aside.
Combine the semolina, baking soda and salt and mix well. Stir in the yogurt. Add enough water to form a smooth batter that will almost fall from a spoon but is not too runny. Stir in the fried mixture including the ghee. The raising agents plus yogurt will aerate the thick batter.
Immediately spoon approximately 2 tablespoons idli batter in each compartment. When all the batter is used and each of the compartments are three-quarters full, lower the racks into a tall saucepan or stockpot (the lid

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.799686
Retrieved Text: 1. Preheat the oven to 175° C / 345° F.
2. Whisk together the semolina, coconut and sugar in a bowl. Add the butter and milk and mix until well combined.
3. Pour the mixture into a buttered, shallow, medium-sized dish.
4. Bake for 30 minutes, or until lightly golden brown.
5. Prepare the syrup: slowly dissolve the sugar in the water in a medium saucepan over low heat. Increase the heat to moderate and boil the syrup until it reduces by about one-third, or until it just coats the back of a spoon. Add the lemon juice.
6. Cut the completed cake into diamond shapes while it’s still hot, and pour the hot syrup over. It will seem like a lot of syrup, but it will all gradually soak in.
7. Serve at room temperature. Best the next day.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.784233
Retrieved Text: Most Middle Eastern sweets are prepared with semolina and they taste very different than those made with flour. Semolina gives desserts a soft and delicate taste. This semolina cake is very easy to make and is uniquely delicious in taste.The texture of this cake is perfectly moist at the center and is crispy at the top. Cardamom and roasted coconut contribute to the delicious taste of the cake.
As with other wheat grain, semolina contains gluten which is not safe for those suffering from celiac disease. Still, you can include semolina in your diet as it has numerous health benefits. Semolina helps in maintaining the blood sugar level more effectively. It helps in weight loss and is absorbed by body at much slower rate. Keep your body healthy and fit with this amazing wheat flour.
If freshly grated coconut is used, it should be dry roasted first.
Dry roast the semolina also and set aside.
Beat butter and sugar in a mixing bowl until light and creamy.
Add eggs and beat very well untilthe sugar gets dissolved.
Add flour, baking powder, cardamom powder, dry roasted coconut and semolina and mix all these ingredients well.
Let the batter stand for about 3-4 hours without disturbing as this helps in giving it a fine texture.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease an 8-inch baking tin and pour in the batter.
Bake about 20 to 30 minutes. Cool completely before slicing.
Semolina based cake is somewhere similar to the texture of sweet corn bread. This dish has been traced back to the Egyptian dish Ma’mounia. Today it is enjoyed in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.639275
Retrieved Text: Gluten Free Coconut Cream Pie. OMG. So scrumptious. Creamy. Full of coconut flavor. Flaky, tasty, gluten free crust. Yum!
Hi. It’s Lois at Recipe Idea Shop, telling you about my super good Gluten Free Coconut Cream Pie that I made for a dinner party on Friday. Everyone loved it!
I’m from rural Wisconsin where, when I was a kid, the dairy farmers raised Guernsey and Jersey cows (which produce high butterfat, lower volume milk), so when I found out I couldn’t drink/eat A1 dairy products (which is the only product available at most grocery stores and is produced mostly by Holsteins and cross-bred cows bred for volume), I was devastated. I do love my milk.
I had never made a Coconut Cream Pie, or any cream pie, for that matter. I used a family recipe for the custard, Homemade Vanilla Pudding (Jackie’s Pudding). It’s an easy custard to make; you simply have to be patient and stir it constantly so it doesn’t burn. Don’s method of warming the egg/sugar mixture before putting it into the hot milk worked perfectly. Thankfully, it made custard instead of scrambled eggs. If you put the cold egg/sugar mixture directly into the hot milk, it curdles (and looks like scrambled eggs). So don’t do that!
I found three different recipes for Coconut Cream Pie and read them all carefully. Each one had slightly different ingredients and method. I ended up toasting all the coconut before mixing it into the pudding (saving some to garnish the top). I think it enhanced the flavor a bit. Most

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.525845
Retrieved Text: I have strong feelings towards lemon bars, they're zesty, sweet and have a bit of crunch to go with the powerful lemon flavor. I probably could eat them just about everyday, and in fact actually did so all this week (shh...). And while I love my other recipe for straight lemon bars, I thought it was time to try something new. So I played around with ideas for a moment and wanted to see what substituting the sugar with honey would do, and how the crust would taste with coconut oil instead of butter. Turns out, amazing. The crust is a little more crunchy, which I love and the honey adds the right amount of sweet while playing off the tart flavors of the lemon and lime. You have to try them! And while I may have overcooked them a little, thanks to the distraction of two wild toddlers, they still tasted incredible.
1/3 cup coconut oil, room temp.
Preheat oven to 350˚F and line 13×9-inch baking pan with aluminum foil.
Start by making the crust. In a large bowl, mix flour, sugar, salt and lemon zest. Add coconut oil to flour mixture and blend with an electric mixer at low speed until mixture is crumbly.
Pour into pan and press mixture down with your fingers to form even layer.
Bake for 15 minutes, or until just lightly browned around the edges. For the filling, whisk together eggs, honey and lemon juice in a large bowl.
When the crust comes out of the oven and is still hot, pour in filling mixture.
Bake

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.490746
Retrieved Text: Hello! Where has time gone!! Sorry for the delay in sharing about the fabulous Apron Festival I went to.
Its held each year (this being its second year) in the lovely town of Ballarat. The festival celebrates aprons from the very very olden days to today. They were just gorgeous! There was also an option of entering in a handmade apron, to possibly win a prize, but really, the joy came from seeing them on display! I decided to make one and enter it. I entered it into the 'Best use of colour ' category, which was not hard, and actually meant I didn't have to choose which fabric to use, and used them all!
I made mine by patch working vintage fabrics, then attaching thrifted crochet pockets then I lined the back with a vintage tablecloth making it reversible.
I have so many more photos to share, but this post will end up way to long! It was just such a lovely festival, and was so nice to have my apron part of it! The festival runs with the Heritage Weekend, so if your thinking of going to the next Apron Festival, I highly recommended it, as the heritage weekend had so much to see and do! Stay in Ripon Miners Cottage or Lalor Miners Cottage(we've stayed at both and both are lovely) to really enjoy wonderful Ballarat!
Did you go to the apron festival, or been to anything similar? I'd love to know!
Now to wait til the Fish Creek Tea Cosy Festival starts up again, that's my next

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.44787
Retrieved Text: This started off as a recipe from The Frog Commissary Cookbook. I added the coconut oil, which makes a big difference, surprisingly enough. This little bit of coconut oil really adds to the chewiness of the cookie without actually making it taste like coconut. Make sure to use the extra virgin kind. And be sure to buy your favorite brand of chocolate. Not all chocolate chips are equal!
Preheat the oven to 350F. Cream together the butter, coconut oil, and the sugars until mixture is light in color. (If your kitchen is warm and the coconut oil is liquid, cream the butter with sugars first and then add in the coconut oil.) Beat in the eggs one at a time, followed by the milk and vanilla. In a separate bowl, stir together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Gradually beat the flour into the sugar mixture until just incorporated. Stir in the oats and chocolate chips.
Drop in 1 inch mounds of dough onto a cookie sheet. Bake at 350°F for about 12-13 minutes, until golden brown at the edges and light golden at the center. Cool on wire racks.
Taking them out at the right time is the trick with these cookies. They should look mostly cooked but maybe just a smidge underdone. After they spend another 2 minutes or so on the cookie sheet they will be perfect. You’re going for a cookie that, when cooled, is a tiny bit crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside (thanks to the oatmeal).
If I don’t

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.385048
Retrieved Text: When I was writing the dessert chapter of my cookbook Simply Suppers (release date September 2010), I went in search of the perfect coconut cake recipe. In fact, to be honest, it kinda became more like a quest than a search!
I wanted a super moist cake with a to-die-for icing. The real deal. One like your grandmother would have made. BUT…I wanted it to be easy.
After lamenting on my Cook with Jennifer Facebook page, that I still was not happy with my coconut cake. Both LeeAnne Wray and her mother Linda Wray posted that they had the best coconut cake recipe ever…and they even shared it!
The trick is to bake the cream of coconut into the cake and then ice the warm cake with a sugary mixture of sour cream, frozen fresh coconut, and sugar.
I made a few tweaks here and there to the original recipe to make it even simpler but I was sure to keep the Wray’s “secret” tricks.
So here it is…. the “Best Ever” Coconut Cake.
Be forewarned, you can’t have just one piece of this decadently moist coconut cake.
To make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour two 9-inch cake pans and set aside.
In a medium mixing bowl whisk together the frozen coconut, sour cream, and sugar. Set aside.
In a the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the yellow cake mix, vanilla pudding mix, oil, water, vanilla extract, eggs, egg yolks, and cream of coconut. Beat the mixture until smooth. Pour the batter, dividing it equally, into the prepared

================



======= Instance Index 1632 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to take your bust measurement to help find your bra size.

Choice 1: Wrap a measuring tape somewhat loosely around the fullest part of your chest, at waist level and round to the nearest whole number.

Choice 2: Wrap a measuring tape somewhat loosely around the fullest part of your chest, at nipple level and round to the nearest whole number.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.323975
Retrieved Text: This bra size calculator can help you in finding and converting your bra size to most common international sizes - continental Europe, USA and UK. If you ever wondered how to calculate your bra size according to European charts and what is the correct bra size for you (or your girlfriend :) ), keep reading to find out!
You need to take two measurements. Take them while braless or while wearing a non-padded bra to ensure maximum accuracy of results.
Bust measurement: measure at the fullest point of your bust with a soft measuring tape. Make sure that the tape is not too tight by breathing in and out. Note the measurement down (if you decide to round it, remember to round the number up).
Frame measurement: measure around the bottom of the band, directly under your bust. Check whether the measuring tape is level and not too tight. Again, don't round the measurement or round it up to the nearest full number.
First, take your measurements according to the rules listed above.
Subtract your frame measurement from the bust measurement. This difference will determine your cup size.
Even if you have used our correct bra size calculator to find the proper size, it does not guarantee that every bra will fit. Use these tips to make sure you never buy a bad bra again!
Begin with putting your bra on properly. Bend forward at the waist, then put on the bra and hook it.
Adjust the band to make sure that the back of the bra is leveled with the front.
You should be

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.765846
Retrieved Text: The best way to find your bra size is to take lots of bras into a stall with you and try them on. Try lots of different sizes, shapes and brands until you begin to find one that's best for you. At shops like Victoria's Secret, sales assistants can measure and fit you! There's no need to be embarrassed, they do it everyday!
If you would like to you can always measure yourself at home. That way when you go bra shopping you'll have an idea of what size bra you need to look for.
The first thing you need to know is how bra sizes are written. Bra sizes are written with a number then a letter. The number indicates how big the waist band is and the letter indicates the size of the cup. The smallest waist band there is, is 28 and the smallest cup size is AA. Although in some shops they don't go down this small. You shouldn't worry about the largest bra size, they get really big so you'll definitely find one that fits you!
Here are some steps to follow in finding your bra size! You will need an inches measuring tape!
♥ Step 1: While wearing only your bra measure under your bust.
♥ Step 2: While still wearing your bra measure the fullest part of your bust.
Here's a picture to make things easier.
♥ Step 3: Now follow your first measurement along the top row and your second measurement along the bottom row to find your bra size!
Always make sure you try on

########
Rank: 2
Score: 48.66363
Retrieved Text: All you need to do is find the band and cup size that ‘fits’ your body size. Naturally then, the first step is to determine your body size, which is based on your ‘under bust’ size. The second step is to determine your cup size, which is based on your ‘over bust’ size and how it ‘fits’ with your body size (using our clever fitting matrix below). Now we’ll take you through it step by step.
First step is to determine your body size. To do this, obtain your ‘under bust’ figure and use this figure to find your corresponding body size, based on the table below. For example, if your ‘under bust’ is 75 cm, you will fall within the 72-77 cm ‘under bust’ range in the table below. Therefore, your corresponding body size will be a size 12.
Second step is to determine your cup size. To do this, obtain your ‘bust' figure by placing the tape around the fullest part of your bust. Then use this figure, coupled with your body size, to determine your cup size - based on the table below. For example, if your ‘bust' is 96 cm, and your body size is 12, you will fall within the 95-97 cm ‘bust' range, for size 12, in the table below. Therefore, your corresponding cup size will be Cup DD.
Third step is to select your bra size. Your bra size is simply the combination of your body size and cup size. Therefore, if your body size is 12 and your cup size is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.616108
Retrieved Text: Using a tape measure, take the measurements from around your body ensuring you measure comfortably, without the tape measure feeling too tight or too loose.
Two measurements must be taken in order to determine your correct bra size, under the bust and the bust.
Underbust measurement is the measurement taken from under the bust to determine your BACK SIZE.
Using a tape measure, in inches, measure firmly around your rib cage immediately under your bust. Take note of the measurement and refer to the size chart. E.g. if you measure 28 inches your back size would be 32 inch.
Bust measurement is taken around the fullest part of your bust to determine your CUPSIZE.
Measure around the fullest part of your bust ensuring the tape measure is straight across your back and level with the fullest part of your bust at the front e.g. if your back size was 32" and you cup measurement was 30" your bra size would be 32C.
If you are between 2 sizes, please choose the larger size for comfort.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.167236
Retrieved Text: You found it! Welcome to our article on Tips for Converting Men’s Clothing Size to Women’s. This is a fabulous online guide to assist, cross-dressers, transsexuals, drag queens and transgenders for the best size fits from male to female for your future wardrobe collection. Simply Delicious is a friend to the LGBT community and we take pride with assisting you to bring joy to your life. We hope you find these tips for converting men’s clothing size to women’s helpful.
Men and Women have separate clothing section in the stores but some women find that some men’s clothes are more comfortable and give more freedom to move freely than what women’s clothes offer. So they try to mix and match and buy some clothing articles from the men’s section such as pants, shirts, shoes, undergarments etc.
Further there are no separate sections for transgender, drag queens, t-girls or cross-dressers in any renowned boutiques or other shops selling garments where they can shop comfortably and find the right size of garment that they want. This leaves much confusion when converting men’s clothing size to women’s sizes. Different brands and boutiques have different size charts of their own which leads to difficulty for the shoppers to compare their size from one brand to another. Moreover, different materials and dressing articles have a different measuring criterion due to which one measurement cannot be set as a standard for all.
For converting men’s clothing size to women’s, you have to first know what your body measurements are. For measuring your body it is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.43425
Retrieved Text: Finding the perfect fitting bra is a piece of cake. All you need to do is find the band and cup size that ‘fits’ your body size. Naturally then, the first step is to determine your body size, which is based on your ‘under bust’ size. The second step is to determine your cup size, which is based on your ‘over bust’ size and how it ‘fits’ with your body size (using our clever fitting matrix below).
Finding the perfectly fitted knickers for you at Bras N Things is now even easier. All you need to do is obtain your hip measurement, by measuring around your body at the hip joint section. You can then locate the size that corresponds to your hip measurement in the table below. For example, if your hip measurement is 99 cm, your knickers size will be a size 12. Easy!
You thought finding the perfectly fitted bra and briefs was easy … Finding the perfectly fitted sleepwear is a piece of cake. Simply obtain your bust, waist and hip measurements. You can then use the table below to find the sleepwear size that corresponds to your measurements. For example, if your bust size is 92 cm, your waist size is 74 cm, and your hip size is 101 cm, your sleepwear size will be a size 10 or a medium (M) size!
Buying hosiery can be tricky if you're not sure what size you need. To make it easy for you we have added the simple hosiery sizing guide displayed below.
Different sizing used

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.146763
Retrieved Text: B: If you’re shopping for a bra you should take another measurement directly under the bust.
D: Your hip measurement should be measured around the fullest part of your hips.
Tops, blouses, dresses, trousers and skirts etc.
The number in the size guide refers to the body measurement in centimeter below the bust. Measure tightly below the bust and round off to the closest size. The letter refers to the cup size. Please see examples for further help.
The sizes with the same colour have the same cup size.
The sizes displayed in the chart above are not available for all products.
If you tried on size 80B but the bra is too loose around the body, try 75C instead.
This has the same cup size but is smaller around the body.
If you tried on size 75B but the cup feels too small, try 75C instead.
This has the same measurement around the body but the cup is larger.
The number in the bra size refers to the measurement under your bust. Pull the tape tightly around your body below the bust and if it is an odd number add 5 inches, if it is an even number add 6 inches. E.g. actual measurement 29″ + 5″=sz 34″ or actual measurement 30″ + 6″=sz 36″. The letter in the bra size refers to the cup.
If you have tried a size 36A and the bottom band feels too loose, try a 34B instead. It has the same cup size but is smaller in bottom band.
If you have tried a size 34B but the cup feels too

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.726635
Retrieved Text: How to Measure and Fit A Bra. Bras at Herroom.
After a 38 band size, the band size should be the closest higher even number to your actual measurement.
S0, 41.5" is a 42 band. A 41" measurement is a 42 band.
Keeping the measuring tape parallel with the ground, measure around your bra directly under your bust after expelling all air from your lungs - you want this measurement to be as small as possible. Round all fractional measurements to the nearest whole number.
Standing straight, with your arms at your side, measure at the fullest part of your bust (while wearing a non-padded bra) making sure the measuring tape is parallel with the ground and not binding. Round all fractional measurements to the nearest whole number.
38" - 36" or Cup "B"
The cup size calculation starts falling apart at 4 inches larger than your band size, and if you have droopy pendulous breasts, your measurement will not be accurate. See the cup size conversion chart below.
*Cup sizes larger than a D are called different letters by different brands (a DDD cup size in one brand can be called an E or F in other brands). So know your Universal Cup Size and you can find your correct size in any brand at HerRoom.
This measuring system tends to become less accurate as the cup sizes go above a D. Additionally, some manufacturers name larger cup sizes differently.
See The Proper Bra Measuring Techniques for Plus-Size Women.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.05143
Retrieved Text: When it comes to undergarments, ladies often have an exceptionally tough time deciding on the kind of bra they want. The obvious criteria is convenience, first and foremost, followed by the visual appeal. Admit it or not, ladies don’t just dress for themselves as they would like you to believe.
However, the major problem women face is choosing the bra which will be suitable for athletic purposes. We are talking about running, cardio, weight lifting, yoga, aerobics, dance classes and the sort.
Don’t hand out instructions to someone else. Be there in person so you can try it out to make sure it’s comfortable enough.
The funny thing is, that the same size that worked for you last time may not work this time. It may due to a change in brand or the most minuscule change in your bust size perhaps due to weight gain, pregnancy etc. Often the material will wrinkle around the edges which will further restrict the size.
Try a variety of sizes and find one the doesn’t constrict your breathing but at the same time doesn’t hang too loose.
When trying it on, make sure you’re not spilling out of it; that defeats the purpose of the best sports bra. On the other hand, if the fabric is wrinkling, then the cup size is too big for you and you need to go smaller.
If you’re a beginner at this, have never tried wearing one in the past and don’t feel like trying on a hundred different bras at random succession before you find the right fit,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.30522
Retrieved Text: The Anna Perenna non-wire comfortable fit bra by White Label Lingerie. No wired in a panelled power mesh with sheer through the breast and back, finished with an ultra minimal elastic '' fine ans strong''.
This stunning modern bra as adjustable strap with gold metal trimmings and sliders with a single front closure.
This Bra is MADE TO ORDER, allow Us 2 weeks to produce it.
If your measurement is different, please provide your's and I will cut it for you.
For Sizing over 38 D, there will be 15$ extra charge.
Power mesh knit, strong and soft!
Under bust (Inches): 32= 27 - 29"	/ 34= 30 - 32"	/ 36= 33 - 34"
PLEASE SEE HOW TO MEASURE ON PICTURES AS WELL.
If you have doubts, please contact me and i'll help you.
1-	Put on your best-fitting non padded bra.
2-	Wrap a measuring tape snugly around your rib cage, just beneath your bust line.
3-	Adjust the tape so that it’s parallel to the floor.
4-	Exhale deeply, you want the smallest measurement possible.
5-	Round to the nearest whole number and refer to the size chart at right.
+ If your sizes is different, please contact me and i'll gladly cut one for you!
+ Bra can be exchange if the wrong sizing or fitting.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.106586
Retrieved Text: Friends, we've gotten pretty personal here. We've talked about K-Y, periods, LBL, intimacy in your marriage, and how to date your husband. We're going to get very personal today. Let's talk bras. I hate bra shopping more than I hate shopping for jeans. There are so many different kinds of bras, how is a girl to know which one is the right one? And don't get me started on sizes. I can't walk in and grab my size and expect it grab a pair of jeans off the rack and expect them to fit me. Oh no, I need to try one each and every one. Here, I'll explain how bras are sized and the different types of bras available to buy.
If your bra cup is wrinkled, the band rides up, your breasts spill over the cups, your straps slip, or your underwire is poking you, you are wearing the wrong size bra. Not only will you be uncomfortable, but also your clothes won't fit properly. Most department stores will measure you for free.
While wearing a non-padded bra or no bra, use a tape measure to measure around the bottom band of your bra or where it would be under your breasts. Make sure the measuring tape is snug against your skin and level all the way around. Round up to the nearest whole number. This is your bust measurement.
Next measure around the fullest part of your bust. The difference between this measurement and your bust measurement determines your cup size.
1" = A, 2" = B,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.069294
Retrieved Text: Bell Sleeves with Ruffled Detailing, Subtle Floral Print, Flattering V-Neck, and a Perfect Midi-Length for Women of All Heights, this Baby Bump Friendly Clearwater Floral Midi is a total go-to dress for all kinds of occasions. From church to weddings to showers to date nights, this dress is a new staple for your wardrobe! Made in the USA! Elastic in the waistline for a comfortable fit.
The bust measurement takes top priority with this dress. There is elastic in the waistline, so if you're measuring an inch or two higher than our waistline measurement, it will have some give and be fine. The bust, however, does not have stretch. Take note: the bust measurement listed is the full bust and not the under-bust measurement (aka your bra size).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.935642
Retrieved Text: 1. Band Size: measure rib cage directly under the breast - the tape measure should be level around the body - take a snug measurement. Add 5” to this measurement and round down to the nearest even number to determine your band size. Ex: 30” + 5” = 35”. Round down to 34”. Your band size is 34.
2. Over Bust Measurement: measure around the fullest part of the breast - again keeping the tape measure level - the tape measure should not compress the breast.
3. To Calculate Cup Size: Subtract the band size from the overbust measurement. If the difference is 1” = A cup, 2” = B cup, 3”= C cup, 4” = D cup, 5” = DD cup, etc. Ex: Overbust measurement is 36” minus band size of 34” = 2”. 2” = B Cup. Your bra size is a 34B.
Strong and beautiful is always in. Featuring a fitted silhouette and a front racer design, the Crop Bra Top offers strapping style beautifully designed for medium impact workouts. Great as a solo piece, it's made with NB Dry moisture-wicking fabric with power mesh at the front that welcomes a fresh breeze.
Choose from solid, graphic, and colorblock print options to tailor the look to your personal style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.685
Retrieved Text: Go ga-ga for this ultra-modern, ultra-beautiful modest prom gown! The lace pattern is made with pleather (that's fabric leather), and you'll likely knock everyone's heels off!
Buying the right size modest prom dress is so crucial for your big day, so we are here to help! It's best to get your measurements taken by a professional seamstress. If you aren't able to do that, grab a friend to help. This definitely isn't a DIY project! Keep in mind that we aren't responsible for measurements taken outside our Salt Lake City bridal shop showroom. So, when in doubt, call us for some expertise! Bust - Be warned: this is not your bra size! Measure the fullest part of your bust across the shoulder blades, keeping the tape level. Keep a thumb inside the tape and take a breath. If the tape slides down, it's too loose, and if it creates an indent in your bra, it's too tight. Go for a Goldilocks "just right" kind of fit! Waist - Measure the smallest part of your waist, which is actually about two inches above your belly button. When you bend to one side, "little tea-pot style", the smallest part of your waist will be between your rib cage and your belly button. Stand with your stomach at it's natural position. Leave a little room by keeping a thumb on the inside of the tape and again, take a breath. The tape should be snug, but not restricting. Hips - Measure the fullest part of your hips, which is down

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.66362
Retrieved Text: This is the task that every women should do before starting the sometimes grueling adventure to buy a bra. Whether or not you are going to be fitted when at the store, it should still be knowledge to you of the rough estimate. It will also help in those cases when you think that they measured you wrong. It can save time and money.
Also, don’t be scared if you happen to find out you are a 32E instead of a 38B. it doesn’t mean you are large, it just means you were measured wrong and you will probably find that 32E to be more comfortable and fitting. Remember, there are the vast majority of women who are in the wrong sizes.
You gotta have a measuring tape, or some other sure way of getting a rough estimation of your bust. No bra or shirt can be on for this, as it can mess up the numbers.
Tightly run the measuring tape below your breasts, keeping it even across. If you are comfortable, it’s better having someone else do this part for you, or even a mirror would do. This number here is your Band Size.
This is why not having a bra on comes in handy. If you were to have a bra on, the measurement you would most likely get would be for that cup size. And what would be the point in measuring for your cup size, then? None! So you must not have one on. You most likely will have to bend over at about a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.65064
Retrieved Text: To find your correct size, use a tape measure and take these measurements in inches. Stand with your back straight in front of a mirror, to make sure that you measure correctly and that the tape measure is kept level (if you can, have a friend assist you).
Measure under your armpits, around your shoulder blades, and over the fullest part of your bust. . For fitting a bra, you also need the measurement just under your bust. Don’t pull the tape measure too tight, simply fitted to the area.
Measure around your natural waistline. This is the narrow part of your waist, about an inch above your navel. Relax and breath out before you measure for the most accurate result.
Your hip should be measured around its fullest part, about 8 inch. below your waist.
This is the measurement from your ankle to your groin. Make sure you stand with your legs straight. You can also measure a pair of pants with the proper length. (If possible, ask a friend to assist).

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.633526
Retrieved Text: CURRENT HIP 36 1/4" ~ 37" 38" ~ 39" 40" ~ 41" 41 1/2" ~ 42 1/2" 43" ~ 44" 44 1/2" ~ 45 1/2" 46" ~ 47"
band size: This is the first number on a bra size, it is the measurement around the mid-section of your upper body, just below the bust line. Odd / decimal numbers round-up to the next even number.
bust size: This measurement is the fullest part of your bust. When you subtract the band size you get your cup size. For each inch, cup size moves up. Choose the larger cup size if you're in between, so you have room to grow during maternity.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.159893
Retrieved Text: Ladies, this one’s for you. You’ve probably often heard or read that it’s actually very common to make some bra-related mistakes. Whether you’re not actually wearing the correct size or you’re wearing them the wrong way, bras can actually be way more difficult than we bargained for.
Some of the best ways to ensure that you’re getting the right bra is to buy a good-quality bra and get professionally fitted for one. It might be a little uncomfortable having a stranger wrap measuring tape around the girls, but trust me when we say they will thank you later! Here are 11 common bra mistakes every woman makes and how to fix them.
If it’s been a while since you were fitted for a bra, you probably aren’t wearing the proper size. Bra sizes can fluctuate simply due to a weight increase or decrease, muscle tone, and even pregnancy. If you aren’t comfortable with getting fitted by a professional, there are ways to do it yourself.
Christina Faraj, a professional bra fitter in Beacon, New York, suggests the following: 1. Measure your band size by looping a measuring tape from your back to front directly under your bust and across your rib cage. If you get an odd number, round up to the next even number to get your band size. 2. To find your cup size, measure loosely around the fullest part of your chest and subtract your band measurement from this bus measurement. The difference calculates your cup size.
Instead of doing this, you should be choosing bras based

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.005077
Retrieved Text: Helpful information about corsets ranging from how to measure yourself to advance waist training.
This entry was posted in Blog, Corset How To Guide, Waist Training on December 20, 2014 by admin.
This entry was posted in Blog, Corset How To Guide, Waist Training on December 13, 2014 by admin.
If, like me, you've ever tried to purchase a bra online, you've most likely visited their size guide. And depending on which retailer you're shopping from, they've all got a different formula: some tell you to take the measure of your rib cage, right under the bust, and then add 2"...others will tell you to just take the actual measure without adding or subtracting anything, and the list goes on.
Because of these variance, it is virtually impossible to determine based on one's bra size what the measure of your bust through its fullest point, will be in inches.
Take the measure of your bust around its fullest point in inches. If the measure of the fullest point of your bust is more than 10" greater than the measure of your waist, you will most likely want to stick to an underbust corset. If the measure of the fullest point of your bust in 10" or less than the measure of your waist, then an overbust style should fit you fine.
Let's say you walk into your average clothing retailer, like Old Navy, for example. You may wear a size 6 US from their selection of clothes. But that doesn't mean that you will fit a size 6 US in all other

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.992386
Retrieved Text: I don't know about you guys, but lately I have been having to relay on buying a lot of my vintage clothing online. Estate sales and thrift stores seem to have been pretty sparse when it comes to vintage, so eBay and etsy has been my main source these past few months for finding some new pieces to add to my closet.
I have been buying vintage online for over five years now and for the most part, am always pleased with the fit of the garments I buy online. I thought I would share some of my tips for getting the right fit.
One of the best investments for anyone who is going to be buying vintage clothing either online or in person is a flexible tape measure. One can be picked up for pretty cheap at a craft store. I have a few and always keep one in my purse. They are great to measure things when you cannot try them on, i.e. at estate sales or some thrift stores that do not have fitting rooms.
I just want to start this section by saying that this is by no means meant to offend anyone. Whether you are a size 2 or 22, I feel these tips can help you get a great fit.
The single best piece of advice I can give is Know Your Measurements!!! And be truthful with yourself -- if you have wide hips or a big bust line, be real with the measurement, that way the garment you buy will fit correctly. Also,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.88989
Retrieved Text: Include a garment bag with this order?
This darling modest bridesmaid dress features a criss-cross ruching bodice, wide flattering waistband and flowy chiffon skirt.
Buying the right size for modest dresses is so crucial for your big day, so we are here to help! It's best to get your measurements taken by a professional seamstress. If you aren't able to do that, grab a friend to help. This definitely isn't a DIY project! Keep in mind that we aren't responsible for measurements taken outside our Salt Lake City bridal shop showroom. So, when in doubt, call us for some expertise!
Bust - Be warned: this is not your bra size! Measure the fullest part of your bust across the shoulder blades, keeping the tape level. Keep a thumb inside the tape and take a breath. If the tape slides down, it's too loose, and if it creates an indent in your bra, it's too tight. Go for a Goldilocks "just right" kind of fit!
Waist - Measure the smallest part of your waist, which is actually about two inches above your belly button. When you bend to one side, "little tea-pot style", the smallest part of your waist will be between your rib cage and your belly button. Stand with your stomach at it's natural position. Leave a little room by keeping a thumb on the inside of the tape and again, take a breath. The tape should be snug, but not restricting.
Hips - Measure the fullest part of your hips, which is down around your bum, not where your

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.116123
Retrieved Text: Say hello to the brand new 5D fit. Our Sizing has now changed from 2 points to 5.
What exactly is the new Buttercups 5D fit?Well, on studying the art and science of bra sizing for years, we decided it’s time for our sizing to reflect all the 5 dimensions that are considered while sizing you up.
Let’s start off by telling you what the 5 dimensions are, shall we?
And why do we need to consider these 5 dimensions to get a perfect fit?
Let’s start with the first and most well known dimensions : cup size and band size. Let’s go back to basics for a second and explain what these 2 dimensions are. The band size refers to the circumference under the bust, while the cup size is the measurement of the fullest part of your chest. The difference between the measurements of your band size and your bust size gives you the alphabet which defines the volume of your breasts.
But, restricting the bra size to merely 2 variables for something as complex as our breasts will most definitely not result in a perfect fitting bra. While band and cup size are what we need to start with, they’re certainly not what bra sizing needs to end with. Let’s face it, there is absolutely no standard when it comes to breasts. Our own 2 breasts are not of the same size or shape, so how can 2 women’s breasts be the same and be confined to merely 2 dimensions. Common sense prevails 😉 While customising bras to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.17419
Retrieved Text: We recommend that you have someone take your measurements. Stand striaght, but be relaxed. When taking the measurements do not snug the tape down, let it follow the natural contour of the body.
Chest - Hold tape under arms, across the chest and shoulder blades.
Inseam - Most postal approved trousers are slightly longer in the crotch area in comparison to a jean fit. It is acceptable to measure a pair of your own trousers laying out on a flat surface. Lay one leg off to the side and hold tape from the seam where the two legs meet to the bottom of the leg. If you are measuring a jean...deduct 2 inches from that measurement before providing us with the measurement.
Outseam - The outseam measurement is easier to take and works just as well. The measurement can be taken while wearing the trousers or laying on a flat surface. Select a good fitting trouser with the desired length. Measure from the top of the waistband to the bottom of the leg.
Sleeve Length - Stand straight with arms hanging to the side. Measure from the center of the back at the base of the neck across the shoulder down to the desired length below the wrist.
Bust - Measure across the fullest part of the bust over the bra.
Inseam - Most postal approved slacks are slightly longer in the crotch area in comparison to a jean fit. It is acceptable to measure a pair of your own slacks laying out on a flat surface. Lay one leg off to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.84862
Retrieved Text: When shopping for bras it can sometimes be a little confusing, if not downright daunting to decide what it is you actually want from your bra. There are so many styles and types out there that it can be baffling to figure out what they all do. What’s the difference between a balcony and a half cup? Is there a difference between plunge and push up? Which style is going to suit my body shape best? In this post we’re going to cover the basic bra styles out there, what each one looks and feels like and how it will make you look.
Also known as the balconette, this is one of the most popular and versatile styles of bra out there. On this style, the top of the cups make a straight line across your bust while the centre dips slightly, making it perfect for low neckline dresses. It shows more cleavage than a full coverage bra but still offers that great support and a little bit of lift to make you look great. Balcony bra’s suit almost every body type and are ideal for every day wear, but are particularly good for women with bigger, bottom heavy breasts who want a more youthful modern look.
Strapless bras are simple normal bras without the straps, allowing you to wear shoulder bearing styles without showing off your bra straps. Many strapless bras will have a thin silicone trim around the top and bottom of the band to help it stay in place in lieu of straps for support.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.79616
Retrieved Text: Whether you’re relaxing poolside or on a tropical beach vacation, having the right bra sized swimwear can make your day completely stress-free. After all, you have other things to worry about than how your swimsuit fits.
Bra sized swimwear combines the support and comfort of a bra with the style and functionality of a swimsuit. For many women, the additional support is not only welcomed – it’s a necessity. Swimsuit shopping in general is an event that most women dread and for women with a large bust it can bring even more trouble.
While bra sized swimwear is ideal for women looking for bust support, women of all shapes and sizes can benefit from it. Details such as removable soft cups, underwire construction and built-in bust support make swim bra’s stand out.
Swimsuits by bra size are made and cut to fit a specific cup and band size, taking the guessing game out of extra small through large sizing. After all, everybody is different. By being able to select your exact cup size, you’re certain to get a perfectly fitted bathing suit.
Underwire construction in your bra creates lift, support, and desirable cleavage. The same goes for underwire tankinis, underwire bikinis and underwire one piece swimsuits. Not only will you feel secure in your bathing suit, you’ll feel more confident as you highlight your curves.
In addition to underwire construction, some bra sized swimwear may feature molded cups or removable soft cups. These design elements provide shapely support and create a sleek swimsuit look.
Adjustable and removable thick straps offer support. Unlike

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.731945
Retrieved Text: A wardrobe essential you can wear year round! This lightweight smoothing tank is great layered under sweaters and jackets, or may be worn on its own for casual wear. Made of knit microfiber nylon and spandex.
4-way stretch for comfort and flexibility.
Compression from under bust to the hemline - no compression in chest area so your bust is not squashed.
Slims midriff and helps reduce the appearance of a muffin top.
Knit is moisture-wicking to help skin keep dry and cool.
Sleeveless, with covered elastic straps.
Minimizes bra bulge at the sides and back.
Seamless sides provide a smoother look when layered under clothing.
Great worn alone or as a layering piece under your favorite fashions.
Covered elastic along scoop neckline is 1/4" wide.
Measurement is taken from size Medium and varies depending on size.
Care: Hand wash cold, no bleach, line dry, do not iron.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.725773
Retrieved Text: Minimizer bras give you the appearance of a smaller bust by bringing the breast tissue closer to your body, reshaping the breast and reducing forward projection. Compared to a regular bra, a minimizer bra can reduce your chest measurement roughtly 1 to 2 inches and this also depends on the cup size you are wearing: the larger the breast, the bigger the minimizing effect can be. But notice that your breast tissue doesn't magically disappear and your actual breast volume is not reduced, your breasts are simply distributed more wider and closer to your body.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.667274
Retrieved Text: Your bra’s sole purpose in life is to support you and lift you up—kind of like a best friend for your breasts.
Talk about a downer. Want tips on finding the perfect fit? Get them here. In the meantime, find out more fascinating facts about this wardrobe essential.
Certain bra sizes are interchangeable.
After trying on bras you discover you’re a size 34D in one brand and a 36C in another—what gives? Let’s set the record straight. “Bra cup size is a very subjective measurement to begin with,” says William Bruno, a board-certified plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills.“There is no standardization of cup sizes among bra manufacturers.” For example, different brands may define a “C” cup differently. “Because of this, women may wear a certain size from one place and feel this is the same size they should wear when shopping at all stores,” says Bruno. Rather than getting stuck on wearing a particular size, Bruno recommends focusing on finding the bra fit that works best for your bust. “It could be a ‘C’ at Victoria’s Secret and a ‘B’ at their local department store,” he says.
Support doesn’t come from the straps.
Many women think bra straps provide most of the chest support. In truth, it’s the band that does the heavy lifting. “Our engineer found that almost 90 percent of the support comes from the band and not the shoulder straps,” says Lisa Zaccario, store manager at the Paramus, New Jersey location of Intimacy, which has boutiques throughout the U.S. that offer professional bra fittings and designer bras. “Most

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.620945
Retrieved Text: We are glad you want to recommend SugarShape! To share a link to the selected product, please fill in the fields, write a personal message if you want and click "SEND". Thank you!
SugarShape offers bras in large cups designed especially for women with a big bust size. We produce bras starting from Cup A or Cup C, up to a cup H and cup I from under bust size 65 and under bust size 70 to under bust circumference 105. Whether balconette bra, low cut bras, non-wired bras or moulded bras - at SugarShape you will find the perfect bra for your breast and every occasion. Every woman needs several bras and here you will find all the must haves for your wardrobe. A strapless bra for the evening dress, a seamless cup bra in skin color to wear under a white top, a cozy soft bra without underwires for the relaxed Sunday on the sofa and a brashy lace bra as an eye-catcher - you can find all these different lingerie styles in our online shop. SugarShape bras are all designed to meet the needs of women with a large bust, provide great support and a have a modern, relaxed fit that can reduce health problems such as neck pain or headaches which can occur from wearing the wrong bra. We combine big cups and fashionable designs. SugarShape bras fit perfectly, look great and with our innovative sizing system you can easily find the right bra size!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.55924
Retrieved Text: Have you heard the statistics about bra size? Apparently, the vast majority of women are wearing the wrong size. Add pregnancy and breastfeeding into the mix and it’s even harder to get the right fit. If you can relate, we’re here to help. We connected with the folks at Cake Maternity to get some bra fitting tips to see you through pregnancy and beyond. If none of your bras seem to be doing justice to your physique, read on to find out how to fix things.
Cake’s Creative Director Tracey Montford says, “An expectant mother should have at least four new maternity bras – two that are basic and two that are fashion, that you can rotate with depending on the occasion (as well to last longer), to wash, and suit different periods of your pregnancy.” But how do you choose them?
Cake offers online bra fitting resources for new and expectant moms. You’ll especially want to check out their Interactive Fitting Guide. They also offer an online size calculator, so that you can make sure you’re wearing the correct size. And remember that if you’re pregnant or breastfeeding, your size is going to change. And then it’s going to change again. And again.
It also helps to choose a bra that makes you feel good. When you’re pregnant and breastfeeding, the right lingerie can make a big difference to how you look and feel. Nobody else will ever see it – but you know it’s there.
Tracey has a few more tips. She says, “As an expectant or nursing

================



======= Instance Index 1042 =========
Input Text: Sentence: what to use in a dirty martini, in place of olive brine?

Choice 1: use pickle juice or jalapeno juice.

Choice 2: puree a few olives with a splash of vodka, add to the martini.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.43099
Retrieved Text: Visit the post for more. Dirty martini recipe with three olives shaker and bottle of titos dirty martini recipe with three olives shaker and bottle of titos an easy and dirty martini recipe that uses garlic stuffed olive brine with blue cheese olives dirty martini recipe being strained into a glass... You could make a “perfect” martini, which uses 50–50 dry and sweet vermouth. But I've yet to have or make one that doesn't taste schizophrenic, like it's not sure what it wants to be. But I've yet to have or make one that doesn't taste schizophrenic, like it's not sure what it wants to be.
Dirty Martini – Make using some olive juice makes this martini cloudy and saltier. Add approximately 1 ounce brine from olive jar. Add approximately 1 ounce brine from olive jar. Dry Martini – Traditionally the term meant using more dry vermouth.
Escrito por: Simon Difford. The Dry Martini, a blend of dry gin (or vodka) with a hint of dry vermouth and perhaps orange bitters is one of the quickest and simplest cocktails to make.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.243164
Retrieved Text: Anyone who enjoys a good dirty martini is sure to appreciate this fantastic five-piece tools and accessories set. Just add gin or vodka and vermouth!
This elegant, mid-century-inspired martini-making tools and accessories set includes everything you need to make a cold and refreshing dirty martini at home.
Take your martini shaken--not stirred--and extra dirty with perfectly filtered Authentic Fee Brothers Olive Brine derived from an actual olive curing process to deliver a pleasant green olive taste. The set also includes a three-piece mini cobbler shaker, stainless steel stemmed martini drinkware, real olive brine, and decorative plastic olive picks for the complete martini experience. All you have to add is gin or vodka and vermouth!
Order one for yourself or give it as a gift to your favorite martini enthusiast. The Martini Lovers Gift Set makes a great birthday, housewarming, or holiday present.
Loved the look of the stainless steel martini glasses, I felt they would make a lovely and unique gift.
Love the stainless steel martini glasses. Perfect for Christmas gifts!!!
Have a couple who would make great use of this!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.966984
Retrieved Text: The perfect martini is close at hand! Whether you like your martinis dusty, dirty, or downright filthy, don't just settle for what happens to be at the bottom of an olive jar!
1888 Dirtiest Martini Mix is made using a one-ton press to extract the juice from plump whole Spanish olives. The resulting liquid is a perfect balance of olives, pimentos and brine - no additives, no fillers, and no salty aftertaste.
Olive Juice (Pressed Spanish Olives), Water, Pimiento (Minced Pimiento, Guar Gum, Sodium Alginate), Salt, Lactic Acid, Calcium Chloride and Potassium Sorbate as preservative. Contains no alcohol.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.40061
Retrieved Text: There are so many things to enjoy about the dirty hornitini. First, the name is just plain fun—a play on Hornitos Tequila, the brand that created this particular recipe. Then, there is the interesting flavor of tequila combined with olive brine; it's similar to gin but different enough to be intriguing.
Basically, this is a twist on both the tequini and the dirty martini and a reposado is going to be the best tequila to pair with the olive flavor. It is also wise to take it slow on the olive juice, pouring small amounts until you find the perfect pour to suit your taste.
Garnish with a single olive on a cocktail pick.
Originally, Hornitos suggested 1 1/2 ounces of olive juice. That is a lot of olive flavoring, especially considering the gin version typically uses just 1/4 to 1/2 ounce. Start with a smaller pour, then add more if you need to. You will likely also need to make adjustments with different tequilas.
While bitters can often be optional in martinis, it is essential in this recipe. The orange bitters add a much-needed accent that marries the aged tequila and olive flavors together.
The old bar debate of shaken versus stirred applies to the dirty hornitini as well. It is made primarily of liquor, so stirring would be the preferred mixing method. However, you may enjoy it shaken because the extra agitation will break up the ice more and soften the flavors.
There is a difference between olive brine and olive juice, though the names are often used interchangeably. Rather

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.305054
Retrieved Text: When James Bond wanted to look cool, but still keep his wits about him, we imagine he'd reach for this refreshing martini. Stirred, not shaken.
The Verjus is a lovely acidic fruit distillate designed to quench the thirst of a sophisticated palate. The dirty martini juice is an olive brine blended with red and sweet peppers to give a savory yet sweet finish to any beverage. Finish it off with a brined olive and now you know how James Bond fit so much in a day: sober.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.257618
Retrieved Text: Martinis play an important role in the life of James Bond. They’re nearly as famous as his fast cars and the Bond girls. But it’s that phrase, “shaken, not stirred,” that many of us have tried to mimic with just the right amount of 007 swagger when ordering a cocktail.
Admit it, you’ve tried! Well, with the latest and greatest Bond film hitting theaters on November 6th, I thought it was time to dive a little deeper into the mystique of the martini. Daniel Craig will be playing the debonair spy for the fourth time in the film, which was filmed on location in London, Mexico City, Rome, Tangier, and Erfoud in Morocco. All so exotic! When it comes to world premieres, nobody does it better than 007, so I’m here to help you embrace the secret agent way of life and mix an impressive dirty martini along with the best of them.
Love a good cocktail or two? Check out these festive fall cocktails, and maybe try your hand at making homemade hard cider. If the kiddos are begging for something to sip on, these pumpkin-flavored milkshakes will be a treat!
Bond’s cocktail of choice is the vodka martini, but did you know the reason he asks for the cocktail to be ‘shaken, not stirred’ is because a traditional martini should actually be stirred?
Mixology rule number one states that any cocktail containing only spirits — in this case vodka and dry vermouth — should be stirred over ice in a cocktail mixing glass, not shaken in a cocktail

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.825874
Retrieved Text: Want to experience the "The Worlds 'Cleanest' Dirty Martini"? Our divine 'Filthy' Brine goes through an extensive filtering process, removing all the impurities usually associated with Olive Juice. This flavourful, clear and balanced brine is uniquely blended to perfectly complement premium alcohol. Comes with an easy-pour spout.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.56296
Retrieved Text: Chili sauce straight out of Malta!
We recently decided to start making our own chili sauce. Not only is it super tasty it is also super fun and easy to make. I ask myself now, why we ever bought hot sauce before instead of making it ourselves. This hot sauce is straight out of Malta but also includes a combination of … Continue reading Chili sauce straight out of Malta!
Episode 2: Premium rum in Birkirkara & Spicy Martini recipe!
In this episode we go to Farsons Direct for a premium Havana Club rum tasting where we get to have a chat with Aaron Rizzo. I also show you my latest cocktail creation the Spicy Dirty Martini! Spicy Dirty Martini 2 Shots Vodka, 1 Shot olive brine, 1/2 Shot Jalapeno brine. Put in a shaker with … Continue reading Episode 2: Premium rum in Birkirkara & Spicy Martini recipe!
Finally! I managed to apply for my Maltese ID and this is how I did it!
Since moving to Malta I have heard of many expats that have just simply given up when it comes to getting a Maltese ID. Some have applied but never received the card, because the paper which they need to collect the ID never arrived in the post. Some who have lived on the island for … Continue reading Finally! I managed to apply for my Maltese ID and this is how I did it!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.87437
Retrieved Text: Pour the pepper vodka, dry vermouth and olive brine into a cocktail shaker half-filled with cracked ice. Shake well, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with an olive stuffed with a pickled jalapeno pepper, and serve.
I do equal parts vermouth and olive brine (1/2 oz each). Best vodka martini ever.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.51981
Retrieved Text: This is a 10.5″ x 10.5″ martini and olive art original that I decided to create yesterday. It’s done on 140-lb paper with acrylics and it’s what I refer to as a contemporary still life. Even though I very rarely indulge in them these days, I used to enjoy a nice martini with friends. The piece is titled “Dirty Martini” and if you’re a martini fan then this might be the piece for you.
I’m a big fan of drinking a martini or two when in good company. This specific piece is something that I refer to as martini and olive art that most vodka or gin fans are going to love. I’m more of a vodka fan myself and I especially prefer one with blue cheese stuffed olives. As mentioned in the summary, this original piece of art is title Dirty Martini. Bottoms up and cheers to you and yours!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.468616
Retrieved Text: Chef and restaurateur Mark Hix has teamed up with Dorset milk vodka Black Cow to create a food and cocktail pairing menu.
Available in Mark’s Bar at Hix Soho until the end of April, the menu comprises four small plates showcasing the best of British produce, influenced by Mark’s travels, each matched with a Black Cow cocktail.
Brownsea Rock Oyster is paired with a Dirty Black Cow Martini made by mixing the vodka with dry vermouth and olives in olive brine.
Spicy Portland crab chips are matched with a Black Cow Spritz made with vodka, apple juice, blossom cordial and English sparkling wine with a cucumber ribbon garnish.
Shrimp gyoza with ginger and black vinegar is served with Black Cow Rhuby Rocks which is Black Cow vodka over ice with a poached rhubarb garnish.
The Black Cow Espresso Martini, made with vodka, fresh cooled espresso and maple syrup with a coffee been garnish, is paired with Peruvian Gold chocolate mousse.
The cocktails, priced £11 to £12 each, are also available as a flight for £25.
Paul “Archie” Archard, who founded Black Cow with dairy farmer Jason Barber, said: “Black Cow is the perfect partner for pairing with Mark Hix’s original take on British gastronomy.
Black Cow is distilled from milk whey and treated to a secret blending process before bottling at ABV 40%. It is distributed in the UK by Mangrove.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.969162
Retrieved Text: Cocktailiana » Blog Archive » What America Needs Now is a Drink!
What America Needs Now is a Drink!
Let us soothe our troubles and hoist a drink in celebration of repeal day!
One of the most famous phrases in prohibition lore is certainly the best. On December 5th 1933 at 4:31pm President Franklin D. Roosevelt toasted the end of prohibition – American cocktailiana’s darkest 13 years – with the phrase “What America Needs Now is a Drink”. Bear in mind, that this was in one of the deepest parts of the depression, with millions of people out of jobs and the economy in tatters, Americans needed a drink for so many reasons.
One of the lesser known details of prohibition is what Roosevelt was drinking while toasting the end of the noble experiment. Supposedly he signed the 21st amendment and made his favorite cocktail, the Dirty Martini. I can’t say I am the biggest fan of the dirty martini but in the interest of history here is the recipe.
Shake gin, vermouth and olive brine with ice, rim the glass with twist and strain drink into glass. Garnish with olive.
The problem is that there is some debate as to weather or not this actually happened. Most accounts (including by his secretary) say so, but like most cocktail history there is always a bit of haze around this. Another story is that his famous quote was accompanied by a toast with Korbel Sec Champagne. Korbel was one of the few American sparkling wine vineyards to survive prohibition and they sent the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.94338
Retrieved Text: Though times have changed—nowadays, vodka is used more often than gin—fans of the dirty martini will tell you there’s only one acceptable variation on a plain ol’ dry one. Make it nasty, sleazy, and as a friend of mine who orders it everywhere instructs, “as filthy as the Atlantic Ocean.” This was never about drinking to your health.
1. Oak Bar: This classic, old-school joint pours a strong libation, but you’re paying for the nostalgia factor as well. Roughly $15.50-$18, depending on the type of gin or vodka used.
2. Bull & Bear: An after-work hang of the financial set, this place doesn’t skimp on the amount of Stoli Gold they use—all the better to forget a bad day at the stock market.
3. Marion’s Continental: Owner Richard Bach sagely believes a quality dirty martini is all about proportions: “You have to get the three flavors balancing out: a whiff of Vermouth, not too dry . . . and wet it with the olive juice.” $8.
4. Grace: Bartenders at this Tribeca nightspot believe it’s better to err on the conservative side by adding only a splash of olive juice to their Ultimate Martini (premium Russian Zyr vodka with a “breath” of French Vermouth, stirred and served straight up). $10.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.844456
Retrieved Text: Enjoy Boscoli's Garlic Stuffed Olives as a garnish with a Bloody Mary or just as a snack.
Enjoy Boscoli's Jalapeno Stuffed Olives consisting of large tender green olives with crisp jalapeno peppers that will tempt your taste buds with just the right amount of heat.
Pimento Stuffed Queen Olives These green olives are stuffed with pimento pepper. Use as a cocktail garnish, snack, antipasto, cooking ingredient, salads, etc.
A must for the perfect Martini or just as good nibbled on their own. Tipsy Olives are bathed in French vermouth. No need to add vermouth to your Martini.
For sure to be your favorite pickled silver skin onions. Tipsy Onions are bathed and packaged in French Vermouth. The perfect Gibson martini match.
Each hand packed skewer is made up of a crunchy pickle, green olive, a slice of red pepper and a pearl onion bathed in a subtle brine with just a hint of garlic and dill.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.749165
Retrieved Text: Really a variation on a margarita, the Mexican Martini is a wonderful twist with the inclusion of olive brine. This drink will be more bitter than a margirita, but if you like it you will love it.
Chill Martini Glass with ice and water. Put all incredients in a decorative shaker with ice. Shake thoughly. Pour about half of the drink into the Martini glass (salt on rim is optional). Garnish with 2 or 3 olives. Serve with the decorative shaker so they can refill their drink.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.792046
Retrieved Text: Home/Making Great Drinks/Shaken or Stirred?
If you’re a fan of James Bond, you’ll know that the “shaken, not stirred” line was a signature of the series all the way until Casino Royale, in 2006. Daniel Craig’s Bond casually remarked, “Do I look like I give a damn?” While the producers of the franchise were poking a bit of fun at themselves, the whole distinction between shaking and stirring often puzzles novices of Bond films (and martinis, for that matter). So, today we’ll attempt to explain why it might matter.
So, why do we shake some drinks?
If the recipe includes fruit juices, syrups, egg, or any form of dairy, it thoroughly mixes and emulsifies the different liquids. If you don’t shake, the flavors will separate out and you’ll have one funky cocktail.
Shaking produces more ice melt because of the rapid movement and chipping of ice in the shaker. This leads to a dilution of the drink, which is desirable in some cocktails, but not others.
It chills the drink, a lot. As a rule of thumb, you shake a cocktail until the metal shaker is almost uncomfortably cold in your hands.
The drink will appear cloudy, not clear. This means the ingredients are properly blended and aerated.
Here’s where it gets interesting. In several Bond novels Ian Fleming uses the line, “stirred not shaken” which is much more in keeping with the idea of Bond as a well-traveled, cosmopolitan man.
Less dilution – shaking introduces more water (and shards of chipped ice) into your drink. When you order a Martini or Manhattan, you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.55884
Retrieved Text: This is my perfect dirty martini recipe! I drink one every weekend. Okay, maybe two!
Ahhh, the perfect dirty martini!
If someone had told my 21 year old self that at some point down the line I’d be drinking and enjoying martinis, I would have screamed, “Crazy person!” and run away as quick as I could.
Boy, times have changed. I was first introduced to the martini by some cousins. We rented a cottage together one year for a week and for cocktails one night we had martinis. Needless to say, I didn’t make it through a few sips. To be honest, it tasted like diesel fuel to me. Not that I’ve tasted diesel fuel, but I can imagine it tasting just like that. It was a gin martini. I like gin and tonics, why didn’t I like the gin martini? Who knows? I just knew I didn’t.
A few years later, I was re-introduced to the perfect dirty martini by my sister-in-law. I remember her having one and me taking a sip and thinking that the vodka martini was better than the gin one but I still wasn’t a fan. And then I poured the liquid that remained with the ice in the shaker in a little glass and sipped it. The more I sipped, the better it tasted. The next time we visited her, I had my very own vodka martini.
Let’s just say that was the start of many since imbibed by me.
Something is very wrong with the picture above. The shaker is EMPTY. We must rectify that!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.09625
Retrieved Text: Whether you are hosting a party this holiday season or want to create a festive drink to make your tree trimming a bit jollier, we have some holiday cocktail recipes to help make your spirits merry and bright.
A favorite from 3800 Ocean at Palm Beach Marriott Singer Island Beach Resort & Spa in Riviera Beach, FL will have visions of candy canes dancing in your head.
This is a pretty red drink using Stillhouse, a 100% clear corn American whiskey that’s distilled in Columbia, TN and available in five flavors—Apple Crisp, Peach Tea, Coconut, Mint Chip and Red Hot. This one uses the Apple Crisp. Available for purchase nationwide here.
Serve over ice in an old fashioned glass.
Also made from Stillhouse, this uses the original Stillhouse Original whiskey and is for the traditionalist who prefers the American version of a Moscow mule.
Blend and serve over ice in a copper mug.
The Hanzo, from jade bar at Sanctuary on Camelback Mountain in Scottsdale, AZ—because holiday spice is always nice.
Thanks to its garland-inspired garnish, this tall red-and-green treat from KANU Lounge at The Whiteface Lodge in Lake Placid, NY not only tastes but looks like the holidays.
Build in a Tom Collins glass.
Garnish with a drunken cranberry speared on a rosemary sprig.
The recipes above are super easy, but for an even easier night of tree-trimming fun, pick up a few bottles of VITANI martinis. These aluminum bottles have premium vodka infused with top quality ingredients to provide five great martinis. If you happen to reside here in Arizona, they are available at

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.037952
Retrieved Text: Pour the gin, vermouth and olive brine into a cocktail shaker, add some ice and shake well. You can include a lemon wedge into this recipe but it's optional. However, if you do wanna make this inclusion, then rub the rim of the cocktail glass with the lemon wedge before pouring the contents of the shaker …... Strain the contents of the cocktail shaker into the vermouth coated martini glass. Take your lemon twist and circle it around the rim of the martini glass before placing it halfway on the edge and partially inside the gin as garnish. Serve and drink while still chilled.
24/10/2008 · The shaker cools the drink and then allows you to pour it without getting ice in it. Cool the beverages first and then mix them.Or you can use a glass of ice to mix the stuff and then place part of your hand over the opening and let the liquid go into the glass. Cheers!... You don’t want to be shackled to your martini shaker all night or spend your entire party churning out drinks from behind the bar, so making a batch of cocktails in advance is the perfect solution to give your party-goers the drink they really want.
Fill your shaker with ice, add the gin and vermouth and stir, don't shake. Strain into your chilled glass and garnish with an olive, lemon zest, or for a Gibson, a cocktail onion (my martini of how to make a big explosion at home Place the ice in a chilled cocktail shaker.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.97321
Retrieved Text: It's time for you to find the martini best suited to your taste buds.
Martinis aren’t for everybody. That’s just a fact of life. Sipping on a cocktail of straight gin and vermouth, regardless of the garnish, just isn’t everybody’s cup of tea. But with National Martini Day on the horizon on June 19, it's time for you to find the martini best suited to your taste buds.
Let’s start you off nice and easy with this fruity twist on the dry classic. Take the quintessential gin martini and add Aperol and house-made tamarind lemongrass sorbet to add a hint of fruit and cream to make your summer sipping all the more classy. $16.
For another martini with a hint of fruit, head to Scofflaw to try their Sundial. A mixture of gin, white vermouth, Fernet Branca, grapefruit bitters and eucalyptus, this martini’s fruity and herbaceous notes will have you sipping them down like a ‘tini pro. $10.
Keep it light and fruity with this martini featuring Grey Goose Le Melon, St. Germain elderflower liqueur, Midori liqueur and fresh orange juice served up with an orange slice to boot. $13.
Remedy’s cocktails always err on the side of delicious, so this martini variation will please even the pickiest of cocktail drinkers. Vodka, lemon juice, simple syrup and creme de violette are mixed with Pama pomegranate liqueur and Chareau liqueur to create a martini for the most delicate of palates. $10.
Get ready for a taste of dry meets sour with this Ford’s gin-based martini concocted with Dolin dry vermouth, Carpano Antica vermouth,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.829487
Retrieved Text: 1 – Titos Vodka (750ml) – the good stuff!
Help him channel his inner James Bond with our Vodka Martini Gift basket. Don’t worry—you don’t have to wear a tuxedo or drive an Aston Martin to enjoy the shaken, not stirred drink. Thanks to Bond, this is one of the most famous cocktails on earth. It’s a simple drink that tastes great no matter who you are—even if you’re the guy chilling on your couch in sweatpants on a Sunday afternoon. Because the vodka martini is a serious drink for the serious drinker, we made sure this martini gift basket includes all of the essentials. With a 750ml bottle of Tito’s Vodka, a 375ml bottle of Martini & Rossi Dry Vermouth, and a jar of Tomolives, he’ll have everything he needs to make the perfect martini.
At BroBasket, we always do things a little bit differently than expected. So for the vodka we opted for Tito’s, our favorite American craft vodka made in Austin, Texas (no Russian vodka in this gift set). To keep everyone on their toes, we ditched the traditional olives and added in a bottle of Tomolives instead. They’re actually pickled green tomatoes, but they make for a super cool twist on the classic martini.
With the awesome jar of Tomolives, it’s safe to call this BroBasket a dirty martini gift basket. The Tomolive jar is filled with plenty of juice, so if he likes his martinis dirty, or very dirty, he can pour in some of that brine to get even more of the flavor

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.47251
Retrieved Text: There are no green olive trees! The colour of an olive is an indication of its ripeness. Green olives ripen and become black olives. Or rather, they transform from green to light brown, to a vibrant red and purple, to the deepest, darkest black. In general, the darker the olive, the riper it was when it was plucked from the tree. Green olives are usually picked at the start of the harvest season, in March and April in the southern hemisphere. They have a firm texture and lovely, nutty flavour.
Mardouw’s olives are cured using a natural fermentation process; leaving a crisp olive full of natural flavours; the process takes 9 to 12 months to cure the olives.
Picked green, the olive is naturally crisper than riper black olives but the natural process used to cure the olives also ensures that the olives remain firm and full of flavour. The Nocellara olive has a distinct creamy, nutty taste.
Nocellara olives; a Sicilian variety well known for its crisp texture and creamy, nutty taste.
Natural fermentation in brine for 9 to 12 months.
On their own, as Martini olives, mixed with thinly sliced oranges and red onions for a refreshing summer salad, chop and use as a topping over steamed cauliflower with breadcrumbs, grated boiled egg yolks and Mardouw’s Extra Virgin Olive oil.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.057304
Retrieved Text: A step beyond urban farming: urban hunting and gathering. In depopulated cities like Detroit or Buffalo, empty blocks where abandoned houses have been razed could be put to use as habitat for deer, rabbits, and wild pigs, which could be hunted and eaten by local citizens.
New trend: savory cocktails. Beyond the dirty martini, there’s now the feta martini, the prosciutto martini, the extra virgin olive oil martini, etc. A hip variant is the “breakfast” martini: the standard gin or vodka drink with just a couple of drops of Aunt Jemima or egg yolk dropped in.
Vegetarian restaurant that serves not just faux chicken, beef, and pork, but faux human meat as well. “Athlete steak,” “teenage girl filet,” “baby dumplings,” etc., all made out of seitan or wheat gluten and served with brown rice and stir-fried organic vegetables.
Product: Low-carb Pabst. Pabst Ultra.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.8347
Retrieved Text: For a fruit, olives are quite high in fat though the qualities of olive oil are typically healthier than many other kinds of fats. They are also great sources of iron, vitamin E, fiber and even copper.... The Picholine is a crisp, firm green olive with a briny, mild flavor and fruity, floral notes. PAIRING IDEAS Picholine olives are just the right amount of fruity and briny to accent seafood dishes and mild earthy ingredients like mushrooms and artichokes.
1/2 cup picholine olives; 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic; Freshly ground pepper; How to Make It Step 1 Preheat the oven to 400°. In a large saucepan, cover the potatoes with 2 quarts of water... I can’t have most canned olives because the preservatives make me sick, so perhaps I will eat olives again! I’ll have to check out Chaffin Orchards…and check back to see how yours turn out. I’ll have to check out Chaffin Orchards…and check back to see how yours turn out.
Picholine Olives are the most widely available variety of olives in France. The olives are small to medium-sized, and pointed at one end. The pit is smooth, but the chewy, fruity flesh clings to it. As table olives, they are cured in brine, resulting in a mild but slightly-salty taste. how to make soft cookies with cake mix Wash and dry parsley leaves and set aside. Using a sharp knife, peel and segment lemon, then break segments into small pieces and combine with olives and parsley in a large bowl, and dress with olive oil.
Picholine

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.721542
Retrieved Text: Award winning handcrafted Garlic, Jalapeño, Pickled Green Beans and Okra that come straight from our kitchen to your Bloody Mary, Michelada, Dirty Martini or taste great just by themselves. Our small family business uses our secret brine recipe and handpacks every jar full of spicy goodness from our two favorite places - New Orleans and Texas so sit back and enjoy because you're on Island Time now my friend.
Ready to fundraise with Willigan's Island products?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.549738
Retrieved Text: Careful, you may just start a fire while wearing this dirty martini necklace. Designed with the dragonscale chainmaille weave.
A dirty martini necklace designed with the dragonscale chainmaille weave.
To create the dragonscale weave, this chainmaille necklace is made with two sizes of rings. The bigger rings are stainless steel, which are paired with anodized aluminum rings in various colors.
A martini bar and toggle clasp is also the pendant on this necklace. It is antique silver plated, and the olive is green epoxy with a red Czech crystal.
The total wearable length is 18 inches, with a complete length (from end to end) is 19 inches. So the fit is similar to a loose choker.
The height of the martini glass is one inch, while the width up top is 1/16th of an inch short of a full inch.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.439367
Retrieved Text: This is the dreamy sage limoncello martini recipe! At least it’s my version of the cocktail.
A few weeks ago, we went out to dinner with our niece, Elizabeth. Like me, she loves a good mixed drink and we often confab over delicious cocktails. She’s a bit more adventurous than I am: she’ll try new drinks when we go out.
That’s not to say that I don’t try different drinkies when I visit people’s houses or when I’m home and can make it myself, but when I have to pay for it? I want a sure thing.
Though truthfully, it isn’t assured I’m going to get the same cocktail when I order it from restaurant to restaurant. It’s not like when I’m at Starbucks and pretty much know if I order a grande, decaf, non-fat, extra hot, no whip, one-pump mocha, every store is going to make it the same way. Pretty much.
But when I go to a restaurant and get my usual, which is a Grey Goose, dirty martini, it doesn’t always come out the way I like it. Sometimes there is too little brine, which is what makes it dirty. Or too much vermouth, heaven forbid! So it never really tastes the same. I can’t do anything about too much vermouth, but I can request more brine if it’s not dirty enough.
Well, at this great restaurant, I got the usual and Elizabeth got a lemon sage martini. When I tasted it, I knew I had to make it for the blog. It’s rather yummy and I’d make

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.049917
Retrieved Text: A bulrush is a cattail or a reed mace (depending on where in the world you are from). Bulrush Gin pays tribute to traditional arts and crafts of the South Carolina low country where their reeds were used for weaving.
The basis for the recipe was an 1860’s Dutch manuscript and eighteen months of tweaking and perfecting after that. Tony Bagnulo distills his Bulrush Gin with ten botanicals utilizing both a maceration processes and vapor infusion processes, depending on the ingredient. The botanical selection leans spice forward American contemporary with two favorites— cardamom and lavender. When possible, he sources the botanicals locally either from farmers of local markets.
The nose is bright with satsuma at the fore offering a sweet marmalade brightness. Other notes include juniper and lemon leaves. Bulrush Gin has a pleasant, inviting aroma.
The palate is gently more floral. Lavender takes center stage for a good portion of the palate. Floral with French Lavender lemonade notes early. Juniper spikes mid-palate. Bulrush Gin then has green, slightly more mentholic lavender leaf with a good measure of cardamom and ginger root especially.
Bulrush Gin has a moderate finish with a gentle, only subtle warmth. The base spirit isn’t particularly tenacious. Though I would characterize it as soft overall, it is somewhat thin in texture. A touch of licorice root sticks around on the finish too.
The Bulrush Gin website suggests a few cocktails as their recommendations. And I will admit, right off the back that Bulrush Gin works well in a Martini and Dirty Martini. I felt the addition of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.936827
Retrieved Text: Half Hitch Gin Cocktails - What's Katie Doing?
In December The Oliver Conquest’s gin of the month was a local one – Half Hitch from Camden – and I had the chance to taste it with Gin Club with a Reading Problem.
Squeeze the orange over the ice, add the gin on top and mix together.
The right orange juice, fresh squeezed Seville oranges naturally….
Shake the ingredients together with ice, strain into a suitable glass and garnish with orange peel. If you can do it, tie the peel into a Half Hitch knot!
A martini recipe is dependent on how you like it, dry or wet (quantity of vermouth & type of vermouth!), dirty / not (olives & olive juice or garnish with citrus). Note if you like dirty martinis try one with Gin Mare!
My mum, who is part of Gin Club, likes to coat the martini glass with a teaspoon of dry vermouth and then top up with ice cold gin from the shaker!
This is broadly what we had at the Half Hitch tasting, less vermouth for a dry martini, more for a wet one, add sweet vermouth for a ‘perfect’ martini.
This was our attempt at a Half Hitch knot in a martini – think the peel wasn’t quite long enough!
The key point to bring out the flavour of Half Hitch is plenty of dilution, which means shaking that shaker to break up the ice and results in toned arms!
I think the best martini I’ve had was at 69 Colebrook Row, but its worth trying out different versions to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.470911
Retrieved Text: While most of the olive trees at Condor’s Hope produce olives best for making oil, we have 8 trees of a Greek variety that make wonderful cured olives. We’ve been experimenting for several years with home curing and the recipe below has produced irresistible olives to enjoy and share with friends. Let us know how yours turn out!
Place freshly harvested olives in a glass, ceramic, or plastic container. Do not use metal.
Mix non-iodized kosher or canning salt in a container separate from the olives. Keep adding salt and stirring until a raw egg in the shell floats to the surface (it might be about 1lb of salt per gallon of fresh, cold water).
Pour this brine over the olives until all olives are submerged.
Place a plate or round of wood on top of the liquid/olive mix inside the container in order to push the olives below the level of the brine.
Cover the container to exclude light.
For the first 3-4 weeks change the brine weekly, pouring off the old brine and adding newly made brine in the same way described above.
For the next month or so after that, you can go to changing the brine every two weeks. After about a month and half, taste an olive or two to see if the salt brine has extracted the bitterness from the olives to your own taste. If not, change the brine again. If you like the taste, wash the olives with fresh water and “can” immediately as described below.
Note: it is not uncommon for a scum to form

================



======= Instance Index 309 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To sew the bike inner tube fabric using a sewing machine.

Choice 1: Change the sewing machine needle to a denim/leather needle. Lay the inner tube fabric on top of each other and run through the sewing machine at the desired edge to be sewn.

Choice 2: Change the sewing machine needle to a lace needle. Lay the inner tube fabric on top of each other and run through the sewing machine at the desired edge to be sewn.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.360428
Retrieved Text: This instructable shares some tips and tricks about how to sew bike tubes and vinyl together into various types of apparel.
-Old bike tubes (26" or 29" are the widest. just ask for these at most any bike shop).
-Vinyl (I use old billboards. I called up Next Media and they gave me a few free ones).
-Lube (I use cooking oil because it's cheap, biodegradable, wipes off easy, and leaves a shiny coat).
-Most any sewing machine with a leather/denim needle and adjustable tension.
1) To cut the tube open into a a sheet of fabric, cut the valve off so the tube is straight, then pick an existing line near the inside of the curve of the tube and cut down it. Cutting on the inside prevents the material to curve to one side or the other.
2) Once the tubes are cut the long way, I straighten out the ends by taking a 90 degree angled ruler, lining it up with either end, drawing a chalk line, and cutting.
*Note: Exactly measuring bike tubes in general will drive you crazy because they will probably end up stretching a bit. I usually estimate and measure everything to itself along the way using as much of the material as I can. Reuse!
1) Old billboards have a tiny grid system all across it. I usually try to cut along these to keep my lines straight.
2) overlap tubes about 1/2". I usually use an existing line on the tubes for good measure.
3) use your hot glue (the best), clamps, or saftey pins and tack

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.437065
Retrieved Text: A sharp sewing machine needle will make the work go faster.
A cozy fleece neck gaiter helps seal the gap between your collar and a warm hat -- just the thing to wear on a walk in the cool weather, or during cold winter excursions. Convenient, useful neck gaiters are really just a simple tube with only two straight seams. Sewing your own neck gaiter makes a great first project with a sewing machine, although you can also sew one by hand fairly quickly.
Cut a 23-inch-by-19-inch piece of stretchy, non-cotton fleece for an adult-size neck gaiter, or a 21-inch-by-17-inch piece for a child's neck gaiter. Orient your cut so the fabric is stretchiest when you pull on the short edges.
Lay the fabric right side up; fold the top of the rectangle down to the bottom. Pin and sew with a medium zigzag stitch, leaving a 1/2-inch seam allowance.
Fold the resulting fabric tube in half, matching the raw edges on the short end of the rectangle.
Pin and sew the raw edges, again using a medium zigzag stitch and 1/2-inch seam allowance. Leave a 3- or 4-inch gap, large enough to insert your hand into the folded tube -- really now more of a doughnut -- that you've sewn.
Use your scissors or a rotary cutter to trim all seam allowances to 1/4 inch.
Turn the tube inside-out through the opening you left.
Stitch the opening closed. Either whip-stitch by hand, or fold the edges under and stitch them in place with your sewing machine.
Give your gaiter a more finished look by

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.12176
Retrieved Text: I know that I will need to cover the feed dog (using a cover plate), then I will need to slide the fabric manually from right to left with the steadiest speed (for aesthetic: to keep a regular space between the stitches).
I don't see how to cover or deactivate the feeding dog so it won't interfere.(@Elmy).
You are describing the technique used for "free motion quilting." On some sewing machines, you can lower the feed dogs instead of covering them. Your machine may come with a "darning foot" or a "free motion quilting" foot which should be used when doing this type of stitching to hold the fabric down while the needle is in the fabric, then lifts when the needle comes up so you can move the fabric.
You need to change your perspective to solve this problem.
Short of breaking your sewing machine, I don't see how to cover or deactivate the feeding dog so it won't interfere.
Usually, you can remove a cover or compartment right under the bobbin case to expose the "sleeve arm" or "free arm".
Then you align your fabric in a way that the seam lies on top of the arm and the opposite end below the arm. You should pin the seam very well for this.
Simply start sewing the normal way. The left side of the tube can move forward freely, but the fabric will bunch up on the right side (In a certain way, the fabric will actually move left to right, but you still sew from the back to the front).

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.239803
Retrieved Text: I made a Handy Ma’am apron to protect my clothes from sawdust, paint, and such when I work in my workshop. Once I realized how nicely an apron kept me clean while DIYing (because, DUH, that’s what aprons do) I started wearing it while crafting too.
Read my how to make a Handy Ma'am apron tutorial here.
Don't fall for Lisa's trick. She's crazy. I had her tested.
I took the opportunity to poke through my fabric stash and make a cute craft apron.
I didn't have enough printed fabric in my stash to make a one piece butcher’s style apron like my workshop apron. Instead I went with a girly 50’s style apron that I made up as I went along and influenced by the shape and amount of fabric I used.
1. Use the panel pattern to cut three petals from your pretty front fabric and three panels of your lining fabric.
2. Pin the front panels together side by side.
3. Use the sewing machine to sew the front panels together, removing the pins as you sew.
4. Pin the back panels together side by side.
5. Use the sewing machine to sew the back panels together, removing the pins as you sew.
7. Cut two rectangle that is 16 inches wide by 9 inches long for the top of the apron. Cut one rectangle from your pretty front fabric and cut one rectangle from your lining fabric.
8. To add interest to the top of the apron, fold each rectangle in half and cut a small angle from the top center fold of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.66646
Retrieved Text: Making hair scrunchies is a great way to learn how to sew. It gives you practice sewing in a straight line, sewing close to an edge, as well as sewing by hand. All three are important in order to be able to sew garments and other sewing projects.
And the great thing about sewing hair scrunchies is that they do not have to be perfect because once they are wrapped around the hair, any flaws will most likely be hidden.
Materials: A 6.5 inch stretchy elastic, A 24 by 5 inch piece of fabric.
1) Measure and cut a piece of fabric that measures at least 24 inches long and 5 inches wide. Cut a 6.5 inch piece of stretchy elastic and put aside. You can adjust the measurements of the fabric and elastic in order to sew a larger or a smaller scrunchie.
2) Take your material and serge around edges. If you don’t have a serger, use the over-lock stitch on your sewing machine.
3) Fold material in half lengthwise with the right sides facing. Pin in place and sew together leaving about 3 inches open on each end. You need the ends left open in order to have enough room to sew the two ends later.
4) Press the finished seam and continue pressing to the end, including the 3 inches that were left open in order to set the seamlines. This will help to make it easier for you later.
5) Turn the right side out with a bodkin, or a large safety pin will work just as well.
6)

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.533867
Retrieved Text: You can sew patches to cover up a hole, or as an embellishment on a fabric item. There are several things you can do to ensure that your patches serve their purpose and look good, such as sizing the patch material, securing the patch in place before sewing, and using the right type of stitch to secure your patch in place. Try sewing on your own patches the next time you need to cover up a hole or embellish something.
Get a patch that matches the fabric. It is important to make sure that your patch matches the fabric in your item. Otherwise, it will stand out from the rest of the material. Look for a patch that matches the fabric of your item as closely as possible.
If you do not want to buy a patch, then you can also use a scrap of fabric. Visit a local craft store to find fabric that matches your item, or visit a thrift shop and find something that you can cut up. You can even cut a scrap of fabric off of an old item that you no longer need or want.
Snip away any frayed edges. Frayed edges will get in the way when you are trying to sew the patch in place. They will also cause the patch to stand out more. Use a pair of scissors to snip away any frayed edges on your item. Try to make the edges of the hole as even as possible.
Cut the patch as needed. You may need to cut your

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.325348
Retrieved Text: When you have a dog, poop happens.
Being responsible pet parents means we need to carry potty bags to clean up after Lacey when she does her her business outside and on walks.
Being the green minded people that we are, I keep and fill two grocery bag holder for the stray plastic bags that cross my path. I keep the empty grocery bag holder hanging in the kitchen to fill with random bread, frozen vegetable, and the occasional plastic grocery bag when I forget my canvas grocery bags when running a quick errand. When it is full I swap it out with the grocery bag holder I have hanging in the closet by the front door so we can reuse the bags for doggie duty. It isn’t perfect green solution but it works for us.
The big grocery bag dispenser in the closet is too big to take with us on walks. I sewed a small plastic grocery bag holder that attaches to Lacey’s leash to fill with repurposed bags from hall closet holder.
The purple fabric I wanted to use matched Lacey’s purple leash and a little too plain. I jazzed it up by machine embroidering a dog paw on my leash bag organizer which is a fantastic beginner machine embroidery project!
If you don’t have an embroidery machine, try sewing this project using cute fabric instead.
Follow me @condoblues on Instagram to see work in progress project photos like this in real time!
2. Using the sewing gage, turn over the top and bottom edges of the waste bag holder

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.0606
Retrieved Text: This summer we had the doors and windows open a lot and doors were banging shut so we needed at least one doorstop. They tend to be rather ugly or boring so I had a go at making one. It was actually quite easy and looks great in my dining room. It is certainly more elegant than the temporary one it replaced (details of that later).
Fabric of your choice (o.5 yard or 0.5m is plenty). I used a thick hard,wearing fabric.
If you want a larger or smaller doorstop just make the pieces larger or smaller. These were just right for me!
Take the large piece of fabric (for the sides) and fold it in half with right sides facing so that the short sides line up with each other. You then need to sew along this seam using approximately a 1cm (0.5″) seam allowance. This forms a tube.
Take the handle piece and fold it in half length ways with right sides facing. Sew along the matching edges. Turn the handle the right way out. This may be a little tricky if, like me, you use thick fabric. Persevere and once your handle is the right way out press it so that the seam is in the centre of the handle. This will then be hidden underneath the handle.
Place the handle on top of one of the squares of fabric. Make sure that the seam on the handle faces the right side of the square (the top). Line up the handle so that it is in the centre

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.03576
Retrieved Text: And as I happily sewed along while the rain was dumping down in buckets outside, I kept thinking about how happy this bunny would make people around the world. Either as a handmade Easter present, sitting on someone’s Easter mantel, or simply a birthday present for a child who loves bunny’s.
The Easter bunny sewing pattern is an afternoon sewing project, that takes about 4 hours to complete. An advanced beginner can sew this project. A total newbie will definitely find themselves cursing at some point, but can probably hack it. The bunny pattern comes with a bow tie for the neck, making it decidedly more feminine looking. But would be cute with a top hat, if you want to draft the top hat pattern for the matching male bunny!
Free Easter Bunny Sewing Pattern.
Step One – Cut out all pattern pieces as indicated. If using interfacing, cut out the following from the mid-lightweight interfacing: (4) bunny ear, (2) bunny head, (2) bunny body, (2) bunny inner ear, (1) bunny stomach. Iron the mid-lightweight interfacing onto the wrong side of all of the coordinating fabric pattern pieces.
Step Two – Pin wrong side of the bunny inner ear to the right side of the bunny ear. Sew around the raw edge of the inner ear, using a small zigzag stitch directly over the raw edge. Repeat for other inner ear and bunny ear.
Step Three – Place front and back bunny ear right sides together and pin around the top and sides. Sew and trim seam allowance. Turn right side

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.506844
Retrieved Text: Once you’ve got all your sewing equipment and csarefully selected your sewing machine, it’s time to get down to work. But where to start?
Nevertheless, when you start, make things easy for yourself by opting for sewing patterns that are straightforward.
With effort and determination, you will be able to get there faster but do not skip any steps in case you end up giving yourself complicated mistakes to correct.
Before making a couture collection, unfortunately you have to start with simple pieces like pillow cases, pockets and bibs.
Below you’ll find some useful tutorials to give you some inspiration.
The pillowcase or cushion cover is the perfect exercise to learn to sew the machine because it teaches you all the basics: sew straight. You can find this tutorial on the Craftsy website.
Lay out the fabric for your pillowcase: place the 9″ coordinating fabric right-side up. On top of that, place the 27″ main fabric right-side up, aligning the top raw edges. On the very top, place the folded accent strip, so that the raw edges are aligned with the top raw edges of the other pieces.
Roll the 27″ main fabric panel into a little tube or “burrito.” Stop rolling when you get about to the center of the 9″ coordinating fabric.
Take the bottom of the coordinating fabric and bring it up over the burrito. Align the raw edges with the raw edges of all the other fabrics. Pin in place along the raw edges, making sure to trap the skinny accent strip as well.
Sew with a 1/4″ seam along the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.315376
Retrieved Text: Get the needle and thread out -- it's sewing craft time!
Sewing is a useful, functional skill, but it can be crafty as well. Using a needle and thread to guide you, you can create all kinds of fun things for kids.
These sewing craft projects and instructions for kids will start you on the right track. Do one or do them all and enjoy the results!
Fashionable and functional, you can carry your sewing stuff around with you in this simple tote. Find out how to personalize this craft.
Learn how to make a basic tube to create dozens of other sewing projects. These fun tubes can make a snake, a wreath or even a bed bolster.
This Soft Muslin Doll sewing craft turns the art of doll-making into something simple and fun.
Personalize your kids' bedroom or your own with this bed banner craft. Stitch up this project, and watch as dreams take flight.
The soft fabric of T-shirts makes an ultra comfortable pillow. Check out this creative T-Shirt Pillow sewing craft.
Patch up clothes with decorated patches that stand out in this sewing craft.
Stuck in a waiting room with nothing to do? Follow these instructions to create a sewing kit that will transform any waiting room into your own craft studio.
Create one, two, or even a dozen -- this sewing craft idea is worth giving a toss.
Stitch up a miniature bed in this sewing craft, and give your child's doll a comfortable place to rest.
This sewing project will help keep other painting projects neat and clean. Make a smock to keep

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.845837
Retrieved Text: Stretchy fabrics create comfortable, fitted garments, so they are an excellent choice for many sewing projects. However, stretchy fabrics can be difficult to work with because they are so flexible, and some stretchy fabrics are also slippery. To ensure that you get the best possible results when sewing stretchy fabrics, choose an appropriate sewing machine needle, select settings meant for stretchy fabric on your sewing machine, and use some special techniques for working with stretchy fabric.
Opt for a ballpoint needle for loosely-woven knits. A ballpoint needle has a rounded tip that will go in between the knit fibers rather than piercing through them. If you are worried about damaging the stretch fabric you are using, then choose a ballpoint needle.
Choose a fine (thin) needle for tightly woven knits and a thick needle for loosely woven knits. Ballpoint needles come in sizes 10 US (70 European) through 16 US (100 European). A smaller number indicates a finer needle, while a larger number indicates a thicker needle.
Choose a stretch needle for lightweight, tightly-woven knits. If you are working with a lightweight, tightly-woven fabric such as Lycra, stretch silk jersey, or lightweight faux suede, then a stretch needle will provide the best results. This type of needle helps to avoid skipped stitches on more delicate stretchy fabrics.
Select a fine (thin) needle for tightly-woven fabrics and a thick needle for loosely-woven fabrics. Stretch needles come in sizes 11 US (75 European) through 14 US (90 European).
Use a universal needle if you need a special size. Universal needles come in a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.761158
Retrieved Text: Yesterday I talked about setting up the Brother NQ900 and getting ready to sew.
Now let’s start making a Fidget quilt. I began by cutting the following rectangles from fabrics of various textures – cotton, textured fleece, silky polyester and flannel.
I put them on my design wall to check color placement, but I won’t be sewing them together yet.
I chose a cozy flannel for the backing. This will help to keep the quilt from sliding off the user’s lap.
Then I gathered up various trims, ribbons, braid, buttons, buckles, zippers etc. I won’t be using all of these, but it gives you an idea of the types of embellishments that can be used.
Embellishments for my Fidget quilt – ribbons, lace, buttons, zippers etc.
Zippers are good things to use in fidget quilts as they provide some texture and sound as well as creating an activity for restless fingers. Here’s a great video that you can watch that shows an easy way to insert a zipper using the NQ900 machine.
I’m showing you how to sew a cosmetic bag zippered pouch on a Brother sewing machine.
I used the method from this video to sew a 7″ zipper to 2 pieces of fabric 9½” x 2″ that had been sewn together with a ½” seam. You can cut your strips to whatever length will accommodate your zipper. I used the zipper foot “I” that comes with the machine. Most of the feet for the NQ900 machine just snap on and off with the touch of a button.
After the zipper was sewn in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.57181
Retrieved Text: This tutorial presents a great method for sewing a pillowcase that has no exposed raw edges.
To sew a standard-size pillowcase you’ll need 7/8 yard of cotton print fabric for the body of the pillowcase and 3/8 yard coordinating fabric for the band.
Cut a 26 ½” x 41” rectangle of the main fabric for the body of the pillowcase and a 10” x 41” strip of the coordinating band fabric.
Lay out the band fabric right side up on your work surface. Lay the main fabric rectangle right side down over it, so the fabrics lie face-to-face, matching the edges on the (top) 41” edge. Pin top edge.
Start at the bottom edge and roll your pillowcase-body rectangle up toward the top (pinned) edge.
Stop rolling the rectangle when you’re about in the middle of the strip of the band fabric.
Wrap the bottom edge of the band strip up over the fabric roll. Pin through all 3 layers at the top edge so all 3 raw edges stay matched. Be careful not to pin through the fabric roll.
You now have a long fat tube of fabric. It seems weird, but stay with it – this works!
Sew the pinned edges together using a ½” seam allowance.
Now pull the tube of fabric right-side-out, first turning back the edge and then pulling out the inner roll of fabric. It’s kind of like turning a sock or a sleeve right-side-out; you just have to get it started and work at it a bit.
When you’ve finished pulling the tube of fabric right side out it

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.432022
Retrieved Text: It's been a while since I've shown a progress update on The Rainbow Connection hexie quilt. I've been working on it in the evenings here and there, I just haven't taken any recent pictures. Here it is. I'm contemplating sewing it into a star with an outline of black, white or gray and then filling in the missing triangle shapes with V's of more rainbow color, but that could change.
A beautiful cut of rayon fabric, Yellow Rose Damask Fabric. Rayon, 50" wide. Hand wash separately, use cool iron.
The design on this fabric features large yellow roses and colorful damask designs on a green background. Perfect for your next sewing project. This fabric can be used to sew one of a kind clothing. So unique - be creative!
The design on this fabric features a flag waving sailor silhouettes over a blue background. Perfect for your next sewing project. This fabric can be used to sew one of a kind clothing. So unique - be creative!
A beautiful cut of 100 percent rayon fabric, Burgundy Damask Floral Challis Fabric. 100 percent rayon, 60" wide. Hand wash separately, use cool iron.
The design on this fabric features a colorful floral damask design over a dark burgundy background. Perfect for your next sewing project. This fabric can be used to sew one of a kind clothing. So unique - be creative!
Fusible Interfacing for Featherweight to Midweight Fabrics by Pellon. 80 percent polyester/20 percent nylon, 22" wide. Includes instructions. Machine Wash and Dry Low or Dry clean.
A beautiful cut of cotton fabric, Pastel

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.431652
Retrieved Text: The first graders at The Rashi School worked together with their teachers and their parents to make warm winter hats which they donated to Horizons for Homeless Children.
About one square yard of fuzzy, warm fabric will do the trick.
Make sure you fold it so you end up with a rectangle, and not a triangle.
After your fabric is folded into a rectangle, one side of it will be connected and the other side will have an open edge. Sew along the open edge to create a seam parallel to your folded edge.
Have an adult sew together the open, long edge of your fabric.
We let the student “drive” while the teacher guided the fabric through the sewing machine.
If you’ve sewed your hat together properly, you should have a long, cylindrical tube of fabric with a visible hem along one side. Holding the fabric vertically so it hangs long-ways in front of you, fold the top of the hat tube down over the bottom half of the hat tube, hiding your hems and creating a half-sized hat tube. Think: folding down your socks or rolling up a shirt sleeve.
When you’re done, there should be a folded edge which will serve as the brim of the hat and an unfinished edge which will become the top of the hat.
Using a head for your guide, (in our case, we used mannequin heads since we wanted to give brand new, never-been-worn hats to the kids at Horizons), bunch up the top of the hat and tie some scrap fabric around the bunch

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.34826
Retrieved Text: Craft a sweet, snuggly friend with these special embroidery designs! Stitch each piece in-the-hoop, then turn, stuff, and assemble. Button-jointed arms add classic charm to your cute toy. Follow the step-by-step instructions to create your own adorable creature!
There are twelve embroidery files in this design labeled "a" - "l". They are all broken down into pairs (the front and backs of the same piece). You must always sew the front embroidery file before sewing the back, because the last step of the back file sews the front and back together.
For the body, "a" is the front, and "b" is the back. For the right arm, "c" is the front, and "d" is the back. For the left arm, "e" is the front, and "f" is the back. For the right leg, "g" is the front, and "h" is the back. For the left leg, "i" is the front, and "j" is the back. For the tail, "k" is the front, and "l" is the back.
This in-the-hoop design has twenty-four files. Twelve are the full embroidery files. The other twelve are dieline files marked with the letters DL. Dielines are used to cut the fabric to the right shape and size.
First cut around the paper dieline for the front of the body "a", and the back of the body "b". Lightly spray the back side of the paper with temporary adhesive, and smooth it onto the right side of the fabric. Make sure to label the dielines with their letter, such as "a" or "b", to help

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.222153
Retrieved Text: sewing machine that sews leather how to sew on patches to leather with a sewing machine what type of sewing machine sews leather.
sewing machine that sews leather singer heavy duty manual hand crank sewing machine sews leather serviced sewing machine sews leather.
sewing machine that sews leather how to sew leather handles onto a tote bag what kind of sewing machine sews leather.
sewing machine that sews leather get quotations a free shipping desktop sew equipment thick sewing machine leather canvas thick desktop sew device sewing machine sews leather.
sewing machine that sews leather stock video of woman sews leather shoes with the sewing machine sews leather.
sewing machine that sews leather home leather is a jointly developed craft and sewing machine home sewing machines for leather improved portable sewing machine what type of sewing machine sews leather.
sewing machine that sews leather how to sew leather with a standard sewing machine sewing machine sews leather.
sewing machine that sews leather straight stitch walking foot sewing machine what kind of sewing machine sews leather.
sewing machine that sews leather always test first sewing leather can be unforgiving any stitches you sew will leave a permanent mark so its not always as easy to fix mistakes as sewing sewing machine.
sewing machine that sews leather household sewing clothes thicken sewing fabric material sewing machine in sewing machines from home sewing machine sews leather.
sewing machine that sews leather sew line household sewing machine clothes thicken sewing fabric what kind of sewing machine sews leather.
sewing machine that sews leather this is a beautiful singer model direct drive

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.110332
Retrieved Text: No charge to those who purchased their machines at El Cajon Sew & Vac. This is our class to get you acquainted with your new Pfaff or Husqvarna Viking electronic sewing machine or embroidery . We want to make sure that you know how to use your new machine so that you can tell everyone how wonderful it is. No charge to those who purchased their machines at El Cajon Sew & Vac.
No charge to those who purchased their machines at El Cajon Sew & Vac. This is our class to get you acquainted with your new Pfaff or Husqvarna Viking electronic sewing /embroidery machine. We want to make sure that you know how to use your new machine so that you can tell everyone how wonderful it is. No charge to those who purchased their machines at El Cajon Sew & Vac.
No charge to those who purchased their machines at El Cajon Sew & Vac. This is our class to get you acquainted with your new sewing machine. We want to make sure that you know how to use your new machine so that you can tell everyone how wonderful it is. No charge to those who purchased their machines at El Cajon Sew & Vac. These class are on Saturday's only.
If you have either Premier+ or Premier+2 Embroidery Extra, this class is for you! We'll explore more of the not so obvious features of these great software programs. Class time 9:30 a.m. to 11:30 p.m.
No charge to those who purchased their machines at El

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.986492
Retrieved Text: What Is an Invisible Zipper?
An invisible zipper is a zipper that is hidden within a seam. The only part of the zipper that is seen is a slender zipper pull at the top. An invisible zipper is not sewn in the same manner that regular zippers are sewn in. With an invisible zipper, there is no worry about straight topstitching on the finished zipper.
An invisible zipper that is a close match to the fabric you are using.
Read the instructions that accompany your invisible zipper and zipper foot and prepare the zipper.
Your first step is to open the zipper.
Thoroughly press the zipper tape by laying the open zipper, with the zipper pull side down, on the ironing board.
Use the point of the iron to get under the coils and iron the zipper tape flat.
If needed, press the fabric where the zipper will be sewn into the seam.
Lay the zipper face down (zipper pull side down) on the right side of the fabric.
Bring the zipper tape into the area where you will be sewing in the zipper.
Measure the seam allowance from the edge of the fabric to the zipper coil. Your goal is for the seam allowance to stay consistent with the pattern and the length of the zipper.
Pin the zipper tape in place, removing the pins as you sew (do not sew over the pins). If you are not comfortable removing pins as you sew, take the time to hand baste the zipper tape into position.
Set up your sewing machine with your invisible or concealed zipper foot.
Using

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.744762
Retrieved Text: We have been serving the comprehensive sewing needs of residents of Allegheny and Washington county, Pennsylvania, for over ten years. We are pleased to offer the world’s highest quality sewing machines, supplies, and accessories at affordable prices, as well as fun, creative projects, classes, socializing, and sewing skill enhancement.
Sew Much Fun is a proud Janome USA Partner with 10 years of experience as a Janome Certified Dealer. We sell the complete line of exceptional quality sewing machines, sergers, embroidery machines and accessories manufactured by Janome. All sewing machine purchases include machine guide classes to help you get the most out of your new Janome machine. We offer a variety of valuable discounts throughout the year so be sure to check back regularly or sign up for our newsletter to stay informed. We also provide maintenance and repair services for Janome units, as well as all makes, models, and vintages of sewing machines.
We also provide maintenance and repair services for all makes, models, and vintages.
Sew Much Fun maintains an extensive stock of premium grade fabrics of all types from a variety of the world’s best fabric producers, as well as all of the complimentary threads and notions that you need to make your project extra special. We have hundreds of in-stock patterns for you to choose from and can order in any specialty items that you need, as well. At Sew Much Fun, we are pleased to offer the Embroidery Design Studio, allowing you to select embroidery designs to go. You may purchase an individual embroidery pattern,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.711655
Retrieved Text: There are so many free sewing patterns and free printable sewing patterns out there, waiting for you to grab them! If you use Pinterest that is a great place to find wonderful tutorials for pretty much anything you want to make as well. You can search things like quick sewing projects, sewing for beginners, just get creative in finding exactly what you want. But for now, enjoy this list of little sewing projects!
“Get creative and find the fabric that fits your kitchen and sew up some stunning oven mitts.
Do you have some favorite little sewing projects that you like to make with very little fabric or very little time?
All great projects! I should make a sun glass cases to protect my cheapy glasses! Visiting from Funtastic Friday party.
I just learned how to sew mitered corners today. Now I want to make a set of mix-n-match napkins with small pieces of fabric.
It’s very easy to make small stuffed toys out of scrap fabric as well. Draw a simple shape, use that as your sewing line. Pin 2 pieces of fabric together, sew all the way around your design except for a 1″ turning-and-stuffing hole. Trim around within 1/4″ of the sewing line, turn, stuff, and hand or machine sew the hole closed.
I love quick and easy sewing projects. Love the apron idea.
These are all really great ideas. I just sewing four little projects today to use up some odd material. I smiled when I saw your post. Great stuff.
Thanks, I have to get my sewing machine serviced,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.707935
Retrieved Text: What sewing machine do you recommend for beginners?
I’m very excited about today’s DIY Summer sewing tutorial as it’s the first time I succeeded to sew pants without the weird lines around my crouch. Managing to sew pants have been my biggest challenge so far and even though I dreamed of sewing many pants in the colors of the rainbow there was always one obstacle until I found a trick that worked for me.
Instead of sewing 4 pieces which is how you usually sew pants I cut it in two large pieces and sew them that way. And it worked! So today I’m happy to present my DIY Palazzo pants tutorial. Palazzo pants are one of the hottest fashion trends at this moment and the flowiness of the fabric makes it perfect for the Summer. On the beach, in the city or at a party with a cropped top, I know I will be wearing mine lots and sew many more!
Very creative, love all your videos. you're very talented!
wow. i will be making a pair using your tutorial soon. thanks!
BEAUTIFUL! I love those kind of pants, even if I don't see them often. However, may I suggest pockets?
I wish I could sew those, so cute!
If I'm trying make a pair of pants with sequins on front and a stretch material on the back will it be the same. Or would it be different on each side?
I love this fabric. Do you have a link for it?
I'm enjoying the easy sewing tutorials. Thank you. I'm going to buy

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.629814
Retrieved Text: Have you ever seen those stinkn' cute aprons in the mall? Well this may not be EXACTLY like those cute flirty aprons, but it sure is fun to DIY and personalize your very own flirty apron.
1. Fold your dang cute fabric of choice in half. Trace your old apron pattern on the now folded fabric. Folding your fabric in half will insure that you get two apron pieces. One will be for the front, and the other the back of your apron. After tracing, cut it out.
3. Fold your 6 inch wide fabric in half and iron. Now your trim is long and 3 inches wide.
4. Sew your 3 inch wide trim on the opening edge. Make sure that your sewing machine is set to a wider stitch, or a basting stitch. After sewing this straight and very long line you will have a tube like piece of fabric.
* Take one of your already cut apron pieces and lay it on a flat surface, right side facing up!
* Now take your gathered trim. Like the above picture shows, pin raw edges together. Notice how the finished side of the trim seems to be facing up towards the right side of the apron piece.
* Pin trim and first apron piece together.
* Now take your second apron piece and place it on top of the pinned trim and first apron piece. Be sure to place the second apron piece wrong side facing up and right side touching the first apron pieces right side. So basically right sides together.
7.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.60978
Retrieved Text: The EverSewn Sparrow 25 is a computerized sewing machine with an array of luxury features at an affordable price. Features include 197 built-in sewing, utility, and decorative stitches, 7 one-step buttonhole options, and drop feed. Sew at speeds of 850 stitches in just 60 seconds with the EverSewn Sparrow 25. Use the start/stop button to sew on autopilot (without a foot control)! Personalize every project with the built-in alphabet font which includes upper and lower case letters, accents, and punctuation. The needle up/down button allows you to set your needle in your desired position. This lightweight machine comes with seven (7) presser feet that can be stored in the removable auxiliary bed along with other accessories. Take your EverSewn Sparrow 25 with you to sewing classes, guild meetings, and vacations!
With 197 utility and decorative stitches, you can complete any project with ease. Sew shirts, pants, dresses, and quilts with everything from a stretch stitch to satin stitches. Add decorative stitches to quilt blocks, hems, and accessories. The EverSewn Sparrow 25 is even equipped with an alphabet font! Add text to any quilt block or tag using upper and lower case, accents, and punctuation.
A one-step buttonhole makes it easier than ever to create perfectly sized and stitched buttonholes on any garment or accessory. Choose from seven (7) buttonhole styles to customize every project. The included one-step buttonhole foot has a special slot that holds your button and uses it to determine the size of the buttonhole to be sewn. Using the one-step buttonhole presser foot, you can

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.59194
Retrieved Text: Hi There! Welcome to my blog! I goanna share with you another project which I did recently.
So, I did watch some videos tutorials from others and I decide to make one myself. And I wish to share around my work too! It’s not as easy as I thought to sew a laptop case.
I can say the hardest part is when I sew the stitches which turns out not really nice. And what I did was I sew 2-3 times, so it became like 2 sewing lines. This are the skills you need to learn and do it yourself and see how it feels or looks.
After sewing a few times using sewing machine, I felt that sewing machine is definitely nicer than hand sewing, especially for big project like laptop case. Pencil case not really! Cause it more for beginner, so it would be nice if you practice start from sewing a Pencil case.
Fold your fabric into half to a long rectangle shape.
I align my main fabric which you want it to be the front, and second layer is the fleece, and lastly the lining.
There are a few type of fusible fleece, they have the Iron on ones, Thermoweb Heat N Bond High Loft Iron On Fusible Fleece White 20″X36″ 3339 (4-Pack) , Pellon PLF36 Ultra Lightweight Fusible Interfacing . Can use to make your project stable, because fabric is kind of soft and turns out to be no support, won’t look nice too without the fleece. With the fleece it looks elegant and more stable.
Next I

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.56066
Retrieved Text: Threads editors discuss favorite and difficult-to-sew fabrics, storing textiles, and how they understitch facings.
Fabric trends, fabric favorites, fabric sewing challenges, and even fabric storage solutions were part of the discussion among Threads magazine editors in the Sewing With Threads, Episode 11, video podcast.
During a recent fabric shopping trip, the editors noticed many high-end metallics, brocades, and textured or dimensional fabrics. There were also lots of multicolored prints in cottons, silks, and linen blends. Oversized motifs also continue to be on-trend.
While many of these textiles look and feel beautiful, they can be difficult to sew. Editor Sarah McFarland relates her experience after purchasing a linen woven with metallic threads for a dress she planned to make.
This metallic-striped linen proved to be a challenging fabric for Threads Editor Sarah McFarland to sew.
The editors recommend testing the sewing machine needle, thread, and the stitch length and tension on a scrap of the fashion fabric before sewing the project. Metallic fabrics, in particular, require careful consideration. Sarah says she discovered a slimmer, chrome-coated machine needle (featured in a Threads Notions department write-up) and the use of a press cloth to be invaluable in getting better results with her challenging fabric.
For more tips on choosing and working with metallic fabrics, see “Fabric Lab: Precious metallics,” Threads #194, Dec. 2017/Jan. 2018.
Among the editors’ favorite fabrics to sew are wools, lightweight cotton shirtings, and knits. Associate Editor Erica Redfern says she’s looking forward to sewing knits using these patterns: Paprika Patterns Sweater/Dress and Vogue 1424 dress.
Find detailed advice on knits, from fabric selection

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.525703
Retrieved Text: No I’m not talking about an Italian dessert… But a skirt! A skirt! Me who almost never wears one ! Well,… sometimes you have to get out of your comfort zone, to open up new horizons!
Meringue Skirt from “The Colette Sewing Handbook“.
I love this book, it’s one of my must-haves: clear, well-illustrated. It covers many aspects of garment sewing and 5 Colette patterns are included!
Meringue is an A line skirt and what makes it stand out is its scalloped hem.
The difficulty of this pattern, otherwise rather simple, is the scalloped hem that requires precision and patience. To sew these “scallops” I, as the instructions advise, traced the stitchlines on the fabric as guides and I sewed very slowly with a very short stitch length (1mm).
I’m pretty proud of my invisible zipper, which is invisible ! But honestly, following the book instructions it’s really a piece of cake to have a good result!
When I saw the pattern I immediately knew it was made for my “La Strada” fabric (it is also found under the name Dolce Vita) by Alexander Henry. Or rather that my fabric was made for this pattern. This happens to you too, right? It’s so good when it’s obvious!
It’s a quilting printed cotton. I love this fabric, I used some to make a bag for a friend (Japanese-Bag – Grab Bag) and I had since been waiting for just the right pattern to use up the rest of my precious.
I made ​​the skirt in a size 8 with no design or fit adjustment whatsoever.
I

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.43603
Retrieved Text: Scarves are generally an accessory of colder months. But, when made with a lighter fabric they can be worn throughout the year. A simple circle scarf is an easy accessory to add to any outfit, and can be tossed in a bag to bring a long “just in case” – this is especially helpful in chilly restaurants and movie theaters. I’ve seen a lot of circle scarves around, but I can never find one that’s in a fun enough, and light enough fabric. So, I made my own. Here’s a simple how to on making your own circle scarf, too.
Fold that fabric in half to get a good idea of the parts of your pattern that will show in your final product.
Now unfold that fabric and refold it in half with the print facing inward.
Pin the sides together so that you sew straight.
Sew on up the sides.
Next is the trickiest part – reach one arm all the way through the tube at the seam, and grab a hold of the end. Pull the end under and back through the tube so that it comes to meet the other end at the top. You are essentially pulling the tube inside itself, which will decrease the length of your piece by half.
Once you have matched up those two sides, sew them up. Make sure to leave around three inches open on the end.
Sew the tube, and leave those three inches open.
Now, pull the scarf inside out through the three inch opening, so that the print shows. Be patient,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.425762
Retrieved Text: Stitchybee.co.uk is the perfect place to buy beautiful curated fabric at reasonable prices with free UK shipping.
Cheryl Temple set up Stitchy Bee as a sewing blog in 2016. She is an avid sewist and has enjoyed sharing her sewing journey online for the past few years. Cheryl originally learnt to sew as a child. Watching her Mum make soft toys soon gave her the bug to start sewing herself and was gifted a sewing machine one Christmas.
After leaving school and starting work, Cheryl typically had a business career in banking, retail and sales, however after having a family she need a better work/life balance and was lucky enough to pursue her hobby further and she launched a sewing business in 2008 selling handmade goods.
After coming back to dressmaking in 2013, she enjoyed the new approach to learning that the internet brings and now has a You Tube Channel and Instagram account sharing her dressmaking experiences.
After struggling to find that one favourite place to buy fabric, she launched stitchybee.co.uk which is a fabric shop selling only dressmaking fabrics in a range of stunning prints and solids. Her love of florals really shines through! We hope you enjoy it as much as we love creating such a lovely place to buy fabric.

================



======= Instance Index 1674 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How can I get rid of dark circles under my eyes?

Choice 1: Simply soak cotton balls in rose water. Place those cotton balls under your lips and leave them for ten minutes.

Choice 2: Simply soak cotton balls in rose water. Place those cotton balls under your eyes and leave them for ten minutes.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.005566
Retrieved Text: Q:What Is the Best Way to Get Rid of Dark Circles Under Your Eyes?
I have heavy dark circles under my eyes for almost two years. Everybody will tell me that I need to sleep more in the night when they first meet me. Dark circles make me look so ugly and so old. Can you tell me how to get rid of dark circles? My aunt also has heavy dark circles. Now we are seeking for help. Any suggestion?
A:Dear friend, I think the best way to get rid of dark circles under your eyes is to have good sleep in every night. Lacking of sleep can be the most common cause for dark circles under eyes. But I can also give you some suggestions to treat with your dark circles under eyes. You can use tea bags to reduce dark circles and under eye wrinkles, what you need to do is just put wet tea bag on your closed eyes for fifteen minutes. But the chilled tea bag is much better for the coldness of the tea bags will increase circulation around eyes, so i suggest you to put the tea bags in the refrigerator for half an hour before using them. It is also said that the tannin in the tea bag is good for puffiness too. Hope this helped!
A:I often apply raw, chilled cucumbers to treat with my dark circles. Usually I will apply chilled cucumber slices on my eyes for 10-15 minutes every night before going to sleep. Chilled cucumber slices can help

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.503376
Retrieved Text: Dark circles are formed because of excess pigmentation under your eye&apos;s skin and as the skin lacks collagen the layer become thin and expose dark patches under the eyes. Check out your mum and your grandma, before you spend fortunes on treatments for dark circles, because it could just be hereditary. While there is nothing you can do about genetics, you can take some steps to help eliminate those red, swollen eyes and lessen dark circles. It how to get rid of dark circles under my eyes overnight will take longer for the puffiness in your eyes to go away, but it will still happen how can i get rid of dark circles under my eyes overnight faster than normal.
As the muscles and ligaments begin to weaken and the skin begins to sag, fat deposits build up beneath the eyes. Decongestants are used to reduce nasal congestion by restricting blood flow to the nasal passages. I am not familiar with laser treatment as I always try to find the natural way to help my eyes. Chamomile is known to have anti-inflammatory properties so they are great to reduce under eye bags, puffiness and black circles under how to get rid of dark circles under eyes overnight naturally eyes.
dark rid of to how overnight eye circles get Botox contains a neurotoxin which relaxes the muscle and reduces the swelling around the eyes. Once you rehydrate your body, these bags will develop to retain water to combat dehydration in future. Both men and women suffer from under eye

########
Rank: 2
Score: 48.55885
Retrieved Text: Carefully place the spoons under your eyes how to get rid of dark spots on your face using home remedies (make sure your skin is dry so that the metal does not stick) and slowly rock them back and forth or side to side (which ever you prefer) over your swelling. Because the first thing other people notice is your face, they will surely see those puffy eyes first and that does not make a good first impression. To my surprise I was watching Tyra Banks (next top model) and she was telling the audience how she also uses it. I have even gone so far as adding some of my favorite body oils to it which gave it a great scent and I now have a nice hand cream that I keep in a small container in my purse.
Try an old-fashioned remedy like applying cool cucumbers or wet teabags to your eyes. ﻿Bye Bye Puffy Eyes The eyes are one of the how to get rid of dark spots on your face and body most expressive areas of the face, which is why as our eyes begin to show signs of aging and become puffy, other people may think we look tired or sick, even when we are feeling fine.
spots how face your dark rid of to on Some quick solutions to eye puffiness that you can try at home especially when you need to look your best in the shortest possible amount of time are suggested below. Then, there is Chrysin, a how to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.805065
Retrieved Text: Photochemical and anti-inflammatory properties in cucumbers help to reduce swelling and enlarge blood vessels. Lie down, close those eyes with the bowl of a spoon over each eye for five minutes; put one tea spoon on each eye. If you have dark circles under your eyes or if your eyes are puffy, applying cucumber slices over your eyes help to relieve puffiness under eyes and under eye darkness. This clinical procedure involves injecting Botox into the affected area on the face. Home remedies, skin treatments and in some cases, surgery, are all used to treat under-eye bags. Regularly massaging the under eye area with almond oil is one of the best natural remedies for how we can reduce dark circles under eyes getting rid of under eye circles because it promotes circulation.
In the event that you do tie one on, beverage water before you go to quaint little inn a lotion around your eyes. It might be under the eyes, the eyelids, or a general swelling or puffiness around the entire eye region. However, the only guaranteed way to rid the eyes of bags is by having a form of surgery performed, whether it is the standard Blepharoplasty procedure or one of how do i reduce the dark circles under my eyes the newer, less invasive laser surgeries.
circles eyes dark how reduce under i the can my The best way I&apos;ve found to use it is over a small amount of light moisturizer, either as a make how can we reduce dark circles under eyes up

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.716755
Retrieved Text: I love it and would recommend it to anyone who, like myself, spend lots of time at work and has a face who looks tired very easily. This in turn makes the red-blue vessels under the eyes to become more prominent. Lightens dark circles around the eyes, reduces pigmentation of eyelids with regular use, reduces appearance of fine lines, lightens under eye circles, relives swollen eyes. Another simple remedy for puffy eyes and dark circles is to grind some wheat grass and place it as a compress. Because of that, there are thousands of tiny blood vessels all around your face and eyes. Home remedies are available to help reduce or eliminate puffy eyes, but they are not a substitute for medical treatment if the problem seems more than cosmetic. If you&apos;re in a hurry and your eyes look a fright, these home remedies (or even some make-up) are definitely the way to go.
But the results are temporary, and only mask the how to clear up dark spots on face appearance of eye bags for a little while. French scientists have found that smoking is on the exterior of a negative impact women than men on the exterior. Actually, an adjusted diet, which contains all basic nutrients, including vitamins, minerals and so forth guarantees that you never how to prevent dark spots on your face get to face such issues as dark circles.
to dark clear face how spot on your The skin around the eyes is more prone to damages like dryness, stress, gets affected faster

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.273113
Retrieved Text: Applying eye cream- You will always apply eye cream by using a dotting method with your clean fingertips after your face is cleansed and toned. So, you may land up with a wrong cream which would further add your problems of the face needing to be resolved, before they get worse. The filler is infused under the eyes to make the forms of the eye attachment appear younger. Add a prescription retinoic acid to your regimen, this will improve your skin and prevent those wrinkles. Deep Tear Troughs: Some people simply naturally have deep hollows under the eye, which casts a dark shadow in the area. As it turns out, I&apos;m not the only one who suffers from puffy eyes, and thanks to the wonderful world of YouTube, I&apos;ve found 5 great tutorials to teach myself not only how to TREAT puffy eyes, but also how to HIDE puffy eyes. Blepharoplasty is usually followed by tightening the skin in that area with a laser treatment. They do not damage the soft tissue around the eyes, thus they also do not cause any irritation; but be careful so that it does not enter your eyes. You&apos;ve felt on your face and the lack of effect the other treatments have had indicate to me it may very well be scabies. Sheer Cover Studio mineral foundation makeup is finely ground which makes it easy to apply and comfortable to wear. You can enjoy this same spa-like experience with Passport to Organics, which has cucumber extract, giving how to get

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.08021
Retrieved Text: If you smoke, consider quitting because not only are you killing yourself, but your blood vessels can become more prominent - including under the eyes. Swipe on an illuminating, slightly shimmery concealer right in the shadow beneath your eye puffiness. Lack of sleep is one of the most common causes of under eye bags, but it&apos;s incredibly easy to fix. Wearing sunscreen, or a moisturizer like Kiehl&apos;s Facial Fuel SPF 15 , will keep your eye skin from turning pruney. You should also see a dermatologist if your dark circles are under only one of your eyes. Drinking alcohol causes water retention, so the less you drink, the less puffy your under-eye bags will look in the morning. Hemorrhoid cream isn&apos;t advertised as a dark-circle fix, but it may do just that. It is always better to use it minimally than splash a huge amount of oil around your eyes. These eye bags with young to middle aged people, will appear more prominent in the morning and may usually disappear by the afternoon. If you use kohl pencil, mascara and eye shadow for a more dramatic look, this can take the attention away from any blemishes you have, including dark circles and bags, and certainly if you only occasionally suffer from these after a few too many late nights it&apos;s definitely one to try. Dark circles and puffy lower lids also result from lack how to get rid of dark circles and bags under eyes of sleep, poor diet, stress, hormonal changes, and other triggers.
This cream

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.90732
Retrieved Text: 11/08/2011 · Google "dark circles under eyes" and see if you can find a remedy for it.... 11/08/2011 · Google "dark circles under eyes" and see if you can find a remedy for it.
While this can be true, the truth is that your genes play a huge role here. 27 Ways To Get Rid Of Dark Circles And Bags Under Eyes - Mysa 27 Ways to Get Rid of Dark Circles and Bags Under Eyes. March 18, 2016 • Look Good / Beauty. Reduce any dark circles and under eye bags you’ve accumulated from years of having fun.... 11/08/2011 · Google "dark circles under eyes" and see if you can find a remedy for it.
The Clinique Even Better Eyes Dark Circle Corrector is a paraben-free cream that was specially made to banish dark under-eye circles. It is formulated with skin-strengthening ingredients that make... While this can be true, the truth is that your genes play a huge role here. 27 Ways To Get Rid Of Dark Circles And Bags Under Eyes - Mysa 27 Ways to Get Rid of Dark Circles and Bags Under Eyes. March 18, 2016 • Look Good / Beauty. Reduce any dark circles and under eye bags you’ve accumulated from years of having fun.
The Clinique Even Better Eyes Dark Circle Corrector is a paraben-free cream that was specially made to banish dark under-eye circles. It is formulated with skin-strengthening ingredients that make... 11/08/2011 · Google "dark circles under eyes" and see if you can find a remedy for it.
While this can be

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.595314
Retrieved Text: Health issues such as sinus infections, seasonal allergies or a cold can lead to water retention under the eyes. The skin can also become more pale during pregnancy and menstruation, which again allows the underlying veins under the eyes how to reduce dark circles around the eyes to become more visible. Would anyone use an eye cream from puberty, you could take advantage of it at a later age. Make sure the juice covers the dark circles under your eyes as well as the eyelids. A diet that makes your body, particularly how to remove dark circles around the mouth your skin, less vulnerable to inflammation may help you ward off dark circles. It will help in getting rid of dark circles and puffy eyes, if used daily for the required duration. It tends to run in families so if one of your parents have it, chances are so will you and you may face difficulties to remove bags under eyes. The skin also loses its elasticity therefore causing the underlying fat around the eyes bulges out resulting to what we call eye bags. According to Food Allergy Research and Education, these eight foods make up 90 percent of all food allergies. There is no way for me to tell for certain, but if you covered yourself adequately with the cream and also used ivermectin, then my bet is that you are cured and having a reaction to the cream.
The sudden shocking low temperature will help to get the circulation moving and reduce the puffiness. You

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.28269
Retrieved Text: Following are some of the best home remedies that will help you on how to remove dark circles naturally at home. Puffy bags under the eyes , and dark circles can make you appear tired or older than you really are. If you have a habit of indulging in salty snacks shortly before bedtime you may experience puffy eyes in the morning. Puffy eyes can be a normal part of the aging process, or they might occur after you cry, from lack of sleep, or from medical incidences, such as retaining fluids in during menstruation or pregnancy. Olay Regenerist Eye Regenerating Cream, RoC&apos;s Correxion Eye Cream and Clinique Even Better Eyes Dark Circle Corrector are few names of the cream that you can try too. Applying a few dabs of makeup concealer around your eyes can cancel out redness and hide some of your eye puffiness. This fluid accumulation, combined with a slight retention of tear fluid, can lead to swelling of the eyelids in the morning on waking. Even if someone has dealt with the issue for years there are ways to at least reduce the problem.
Use a darker shade of foundation on the puffy spot, under eye cream for puffiness and dark circles then highlight the circle below the eyes to create an overall illusion of flatness. Allergies can also contribute to dark, sunken circles, so consider having an allergy test to determine if an allergen is the doctor can prescribe a medication to treat the allergy and subsequently lessen under-eye circles.
circles eye puffiness

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.619175
Retrieved Text: Contrary to assumption of many people that its only surgery that can cure bags under eyes, fillers can help, improve the appearance of eye bags. Cut slices of potatoes or cucumber and place the slices over your eyes and keep it for 15-20 minutes. Phytomer Dark Circle Eye Cream : Created with natural sea algae, this cream treats both darkness and puffiness. These include puffy eyes from crying, stress, dermatitis, excessive physical activity, genetics, sinus problems, bad diet, sleep deficit, weather changes, hang-overs and from allergic reactions. Most post-menopausal women don&apos;t need extra iron, but if you&apos;re pre-menopausal, an iron shortage may be a factor in puffy eyes. The dark circles aren&apos;t the result of a vitamin D deficiency, but a deficiency and infraorbital discoloration may be related to compromised kidney function. Because the skin under the eyes is very delicate, any increase blood flow shows through the skin. Caffeinated tea bags are another remedy that many people turn to. Soak the tea bags in hot water for a few minutes then carefully place them on your eyes. Proponents of lymphatic drainage believe that the process will reduce blockages of the lymphatic system, which in turn promotes a healthier body. ﻿Best Remedies For Removing Wrinkles Wrinkles are usually a problem that occurs in two situations, when you are aging and your skin collagen is starting to break down, and when you suffer extremely high levels of stress in your body.
You can use chilled green tea bags to help prevent the puffiness of your eyes and the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.535084
Retrieved Text: The recommended daily allowance of vitamin C for men is 90mg while women only needs 75mg. After enjoying your green tea, best cream for dark circles under your eyes which has antioxidant benefits for your body, simply best cream for dark circles under eyes reviews place them in the fridge overnight to use the next morning by pressing them gently on your eyes. With a little persistence, you may be able to improve or reduce dark under-eye circles. You may say that you know this already but did you know that every-time you rub underneath your eyes outward (away from nose) you are causing puffy eyes by pulling that delicate skin away from the muscle? The results are based on the reaction of your skin after the application of Meladerm cream.
In addition to this, it is important to include a healthy proportion of Vitamin C and Vitamin A in your diet to promote the health of the eyes and skin. Keeping your head up may help the fluid pooling under your eyes to dissipate, which then may reduce the puffiness. Millions of people suffer from dark circles under eyes, which can occur for many reasons.
under dark cream pakistan circles best eyes for in You can increase the intake of water that helps to improve your metabolism which results in reducing of puffy eyes. I was using almond oil on my face for my rosacea and acne but i noticed my dark circles practically disappeared, that&apos;s how I came upon this page through Google. You can read

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.458992
Retrieved Text: Ce sujet a 0 réponse, 1 participant et a été mis à jour par fracinmitio1994, il y a 2 mois et 2 semaines.
Green Tea Bags for Dark Circles & Puffy Eyes … Using green tea bags under the eyes regularly, drinking plenty of fluids and using a good moisturizer will keep…16 May 2012 … But I've recently found the greatest cure…it's green tea bags! … Green tea bags to treat puffy eyes and dark circles …. Cucumber is also really good for your eyes used in the same way (without the tea making part obviously).2 Mar 2018 … Use black or green tea bags as a cold compress to treat bags under the eyes. … or green tea bags to your eyes to reduce the appearance of dark circles. … Black tea is useful in treating styes due to its high tannin content.21 Jan 2017 … How can I use tea bags to get rid of dark circles around the eyes? … oxidants in tea bags makes it a good remedy for treating dark circles and reducing puffiness.23 Jul 2013 … Two tea bags (I find green and black tea bags containing caffeine to be the most … blood vessels around your eye, thus reducing puffiness and dark circles. … caffeine and beneficial antioxidants, but they also contain tannins.Dark circles and puffiness are formed under our eyes due to over stressed … Green tea bags can shrink the swelling and also reduce fluids around your eyes. … It is good to try out home remedies for

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.040985
Retrieved Text: Dark circles and eye bags are a tired look—but they don’t necessarily mean you’re not getting enough sleep. Often they’re the result of stress, heredity and aging.
If you’re wondering how to get rid of dark circles under eyes, start by determining the cause. One way to do this is by noting the color of the circles.
Are the dark circles under your eyes brown? Chances are it’s due to hyperpigmentation, which can be the result of sun exposure or genetics. While there’s not much you can do about your genes, you can help prevent hyperpigmentation by always applying an SPF before going outside.
If your dark circles are more blue in color, the cause is most likely oxygenated blood collecting under your eyes. Lying down for a long period of time can cause these fluids to accumulate, so blue dark circles are more common in the morning. How to help get rid of blue dark circles under eyes? Try sleeping with your head elevated by piling up the pillows, to help keep fluids from pooling.
Blue dark circles under the eyes also become more common as we get older, due to the inevitable loss of fat and collagen that occurs as we age.
The best eye cream for dark circles?
Clarins’ Mission Perfection Eye Broad Spectrum SPF 15 is a lightly tinted, illuminating eye contour cream that goes beyond concealing dark circles under eyes, to visibly reducing their appearance. It’s packed with Acerola extract, rich in Vitamin C, to visibly minimize brown dark circles for brighter, younger-looking eyes. Escin from Horse

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.951904
Retrieved Text: Three SUPER Easy Ways to Banish Dark Circles & Eye Bags!
Okay, so this might sound crazy, but among having ridiculous amounts of sleep (by ridiculous I mean the lack there of), I have some how gotten the most difficult eye bags and dark circles–NO joke! I work with clients all the time, and getting rid of their dark circles and eye bags is a cinch after dealing with mine! So as much as I try to get rid of them with different creams and eye serums (which do work most of the time), I always forget how incredibly powerful Almond Oil and Coconut Oil are!
Sweet Almond Oil is such a great way to help reduce dark circles! It just naturally helps lighten dark circles over time and when I saw over time, I mean in a couple weeks! It’s amazing how just a few weeks you can literally lighten your dark circles SOOOO well! Just apply a small amount around your eyes, then follow with your standard eye cream.
Coconut Oil is so underrated! I use it for my hair, in my food, on my skin, and pretty much anywhere I can! It’s like Windex (only funny if you saw My Big Fat Greek Wedding FYI)! It’s incredibly hydrating and it has amazing powers at helping with both dark circles and puffy eye bags! I wouldn’t mix with the Almond Oil, but you always can if you like! I would try one at a time and see which one works best for you!
This might sound too easy,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.854412
Retrieved Text: Mostly people have dark circles under eyes. There are many reasons that are responsible for the appearance of dark circles under eyes such as unbalanced nutrition, aging, excessive exposure to the sun and stress or depression etc. In some cases under eye circles may be early indicator of an underlying fitness problematic.
The people, who have dark circles around their eyes, try different techniques to oust these dark circles. Cosmetic surgery is considered as an effective way to get rid of dark circles. Many creams are also available for this purpose. But these all methods are not 100% safe. If you are looking for a safe methodology to get rid dark circles under eyes, scroll down. Here we have discussed some natural techniques to oust dark circles under eyes.
An adequate sleep is necessary in order to get rid of dark circles under eyes. You should get 7-8 hours’ sleep every night to keep yourself healthy and fit.
Deficiency of proper nutrients is a major cause of dark circles under eyes so if you are aiming to get a glowing and flawless skin, intake a balanced diet which is full of vitamins, iron, proteins and other essential nutrients.
Keeping yourself hydrated by drinking more water is a best way to get rid of dark circles under eyes. Drink at least 8-10 glasses; it will not only help you to get rid of dark circles but it necessary to remove the toxins from your body.
Stresses and tensions in your mind may result as the appearance of dark circles under eyes so

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.719223
Retrieved Text: Have you ever looked in the mirror and asked yourself how do I get rid of these dark circles under my eyes? You are not alone. According to a 2006 study by Clinique, 54 percent of woman surveyed (just under 7,000 woman) say getting rid of dark circles is their number one beauty priority.
Dark circles under the eyes are caused by lack of sleep, allergies, dehydration, or fatigue. For some, the bags under their eyes are a permanent facial feature due to age, heredity, or thin skin. There are many treatments available today to help reduce or remove the appearance of dark circles under the eyes that range from topical creams and fillers to laser treatments and under eye surgery.
Depending on the severity of the bags under your eyes, you may opt for a topical treatment like an eye cream. Eye creams containing vitamin K and Retinol often help reduce the appearance of dark circles by significantly reducing discoloration and puffiness. Skin lightening creams that contain kojic acid or hydroquinone help to reduce or diminish the appearance of dark circles and bags under the eye. Eye creams containing caffeine also help because they constrict the underlying blood vessels resulting in less puffiness and discoloration under the eye. Although topical eye creams may provide subtle to noticeable results, eye creams do not always produce permanent results.
Botox is not an option for those with dark circles. However, there are dermal fillers that can be topically injected in the area under the eye. Dermal fillers that contain hyaluronic acid,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.52607
Retrieved Text: You can also keep two spoons in the refrigerator and, in the morning, lay the backs of each spoon over your under eye bags and gently slide them toward reduce dark circles with tea bags the outer corner of your eyes, applying a tiny bit of pressure. Be sure to drink enough water to keep your body well hydrated, which in turn will prevent dehydration that develops bags under eyes. You can use one pad for each eye or unfold the gauze square once and it should be big enough to cover both eyes. However, eating salty foods can also cause your body to retain water, which exacerbates the puffiness. Puffy eyes, which are the swelling of the eyelids and/or the skin under the eyes, can be caused by many different issues. Your first priority is to reduce the swelling and puffiness, and you reduce dark circles tea bags can accomplish this with a few home remedies.
But, this product do tea bags reduce dark circles definitely instantly de-puffs and firms the skin around your eyes. ﻿Eyevive And honestly eye bag is are caused by many factors, these do green tea bags reduce dark circles include stress, allergies, and hormone changes and of course when we cry.
circles dark to bags tea reduce green If you had a kidney infection or any change in your kidney &apos;labs&apos; with the stone or other kidney or heart disease, consult your doctor first, but you may need to up your fluid intake for a while (unless, again, you have a contraidication

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.31911
Retrieved Text: Vitamin C helps in to cure other problems such as dark circles , best cream reduce dark circles under eyes puffy eyes The next option we can opt for is go for healthy diet in your daily intake. Less puffy and best under eye night cream for dark circles more best rated under eye cream for dark circles moisturized within minutes of applying it.
A dermatologist or plastic surgeon can help you find the most appropriate cosmetic treatment. The natural properties of the herbs and richness diy natural under eye cream in tannin in green tea are essential if you are still trying to figuring out how to get rid of eye bags.
cream best diy eye under The product has certainly helped reduce the best under eye cream for wrinkles drugstore stressed, tired, puffy look of my eyes. I always hate it when something makes me cry best under eye cream dark circles sephora at night, because I know that my eyes will tell all best cream for dark circles under eyes 2013 the next day.
Bags under the eyes should not be confused with drooping eye lids which is a health known as Ptosis that occurs when the muscles used to raise the eyelid are not strong sufficient to function properly, possibly because of damage/trauma to the muscle. The massage motion increases the absorption of eye creams while boosting circulation and oxygenating your skin to take down puffiness and improve dark circles, fine lines and wrinkles.
Take antibiotics to treat puffy eyes caused by a bacterial infection in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.158234
Retrieved Text: Yellow or purple circles under your eyes are often caused by a lack of sleep, according to Water retention due to hormonal changes or an increased salt intake can also lead to swollen yellow or purple circles under your eyes. Dark circles under eyes can be chronic or can come and go like any other skin condition. Smoking causes you to age prematurely, you will also want to always remember to protect your skin from the UV rays that will weaken your skin collagen to go on and causing premature wrinkles and sagging of the skin. Potatoes are a good natural remedy to reduce puffiness, due to their anti-inflammatory properties. Certain medications can sometimes cause this look along with other health problems. You will want to make sure that your puffy eyes are not a sign of more complicated medical conditions like chronic diseases and infections. For example, nasal congestion may seem like an unrelated cause but once you clear the congestion, the bags should disappear. They say eye creams are there because the skin the best under eye cream for wrinkles and dark circles around the eyes differs from that of the rest of your face.
Selection of the best cream for eye bags is both fun and challenging at the same time. Note: Stay away from caffeinated and carbonated beverages that cause you to become dehydrated, like coffee and alcohol. You are probably well aware of when your allergies flame up, as allergy season and watery, puffy eyes are inevitable for many. Using this process

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.137207
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Part 2 of the Reviva Labs Skincare instalments. If you are just joining us now, check out part 1 too. Today, we are going to review the Under-Eye Dark Circle Serum.
With my lifestyle and the profession I've thrown myself into, sleep really doesn't happen. When I get any sleep, I gladly take it. Unfortunately, that means I suffer from the Panda Eye Syndrome. The wonderfully pigmented dark circles under my eyes and the puffiness that comes along with it. What to do?
The result? No more dark circles. It also reduces puffiness and protects against future discoloration. It can be used as a drop or two in the morning alone or under makeup and at night alone or under eye cream. I found that one drop was more than sufficient.
I'm sure you're wondering if it works. I've been using it for a little over a week now and my puffiness is gone. My dark circles have definitely gotten lighter and trust me, I haven't been sleeping any more than usual. I've actually been getting less. The only thing you have to be careful of is getting the serum into your eyes. I have a bad habit of rubbing my eyes and accidentally did so shortly after I used the serum. It stings so be careful.
My puffiness is over the top!
In conclusion, its an amazing product. Within a week, the puffiness I had was gone. My panda eyes are slowly disappearing. I really look forward to the results in another several weeks. Purchase these products here.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 42.098007
Retrieved Text: I was skeptical of this smells might not like the a lot of late nights that there is Vitamin C. I'm hoping to find a miracle product soon. The only upside was the didn't have any discoloration surrounding my eye area but now I have darkness on the the same result to put I could get rid of. From poor diet and sun websites: I was skeptical of this product at first I everyday stresses can rob the skin of essential nourishment and work in the slightest. Before having my daughter I exposure, to a hectic lifestyle and lack of sleep, simple wasn't sure if it would truly do anything or even hydration, resulting in noticeably tired.
I decided to try this rate and review your favourite badly from black circles under extra kick in the morning, of constant tiredness. I've tried multiple eye rollers up my eyes and make essentials' eye roller and the rid of my dark circles. It goes from cooling to. Other, Other, Other Eyes: You product since I am suffering it's cold for a little my eyes and the looks it smells awesome. I needed something to perk and even keep them in honest review. The eye roller did just can quickly see the results, products as well as receive some for free through the and fatigued appearance. ChickAdvisor is your destination to that and I now use it every day to get benefit that helps depuff Product Review Club. This eye roller from Aveeno.
They were burning after using this product.
I do

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.681168
Retrieved Text: This article was co-authored by Camille Sanghera. Camille Sanghera is the Owner of Lash Envy Cosmetics and Esvee Beauty in British Columbia, which she founded in 2014.
Dark circles under your eyes can make you look like you’re tired or sick, but they can actually be caused by a number of factors, including heredity, dehydration, and allergies. Luckily, you can quickly reduce the appearance of dark circles by using makeup, eye creams, and natural remedies.
Choose the right concealer. Find a concealer that is one to two shades lighter than the skin on your face. Most makeup brands carry concealers designed specifically to cover under-eye circles. Choose a concealer that is moist enough and that won’t settle into any fine lines around the eyes.
Get the right color. Most dark circles take on a bluish or purplish tinge, so counteract that color with a concealer with a yellow tone to it. Refer to the color wheel to determine which color will counteract the tone of your dark circles.
Apply the concealer under your eyes. Only apply where the circles are: normally a half-circle shape that extends downward from the inside of the eye downwards towards the cheek. Gently dab concealer in this area with the tip of your finger or a soft makeup brush. Blend it in with the tip of your finger or a damp sponge.
The best way to apply the concealer over the dark area is to draw little upside down triangles starting at your temple and ending at the corner of your eyes. Blend the triangles into

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.51149
Retrieved Text: Taking care of the skin surrounding the eyes is essential to look young and healthy. It is highly contagious, therefore it is important to avoid touching your eyes or sharing eye products, such as make-up. Many people wonder if hemorrhoid cream is safe and effective for reducing puffy eyes. Teach your child good hand-washing techniques and instruct him to avoid rubbing his eyes or face. How the skin around your eyes looks following the surgery will depend on your skin type as well. Vitamin E also protects the skin from sun damage, which may also help delay the aging responsible for eye bags. Soak cotton balls or a wash cloth in the salt water and then place the wet items over your eyes for about 5 minutes. Diet and exercise can also lead to dark circles; these dark circles are actually an indication that you are not getting proper nutrients. This is probably the most famous natural cure for eyes and it has become a sort of a beauty ritual. The most common causes of a congested nose in toddlers are allergies and hay fever, though it could also be caused by chronic sinus infections, recurrent how to remove dark spots from face instantly colds or blockage of the nose - which is probably the cause if you notice your child breathing more through his mouth than his nose. This is because when you yawn too much as when you yawn all the fluids rapidly come towards your eyes resulting in tears.
Drinking plenty of water will

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.42148
Retrieved Text: Milk Products to Get Rid of Dark Circles- There are many skin related problems which can destroy our beauty and a dark circle is one of them. It can be due to many reasons like deficiency of nutrients, sleeplessness, mental stress or working on the computer for a long time. A person looks tried and much older then what you actually are. So it’s important to know the trick of curing dark circles.
A woman’s whose hemoglobin level is less than 10, and then there are more chances of dark circles in them. If we take a proper diet or medicines then these can be removed on its own. Actually, it looks ugly.
Cosmetic products which are available in the market are actually useless rather they put a bad effect on the skin. There are many natural ingredients which can help us to get rid of dark circles.
Today I am going to share 10 way from which can get rid of your dark circles naturally under your eyes.
Take one tomato, 1 spoon of lemon juice and grind a mixture of a pinch of gram flour and turmeric. Apply this thick paste around your eyes and wash your face after 20 minutes. Repeat this process 3 times a week.
You can also use cucumber or potato and keep this on your eyes for a few minutes. Then move this on the dark areas so that blackness can be removed.
Dark circles can be cured by cold tea bags. Tea bags contain anti-irritant properties that help in reducing swelling around your eyes.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.342495
Retrieved Text: 24/06/2018 · How to get Rid of Eye Bags & Dark Circles Overnight at Home.... To try this at home, boil camomile tea bags, remove and wait for them to cool before placing over the eyes. USE TWO PILLOWS You can fight eye bags overnight by using two pillows in bed.
To try this at home, boil camomile tea bags, remove and wait for them to cool before placing over the eyes. USE TWO PILLOWS You can fight eye bags overnight by using two pillows in bed.... Eat a balanced diet that is low in sodium and drink the recommended eight 8-ounce glasses of water daily. Sleep on your back to prevent water from pooling under your eyes overnight.
If you have a party to attend and are worried how to get rid of eye bags overnight, salt may do the trick! Salt in some hot water can do wonders if you have persistent eye bags. The salt in the water will help you get rid of the fluid retention under your eye like in osmosis.
To try this at home, boil camomile tea bags, remove and wait for them to cool before placing over the eyes. USE TWO PILLOWS You can fight eye bags overnight by using two pillows in bed.
24/06/2018 · How to get Rid of Eye Bags & Dark Circles Overnight at Home.
Fast fix 2: Disguise eye bags with clever makeup tricks Rimmel Wake Me Up and It Cosmetics Bye Bye Under Eye A lot of women have dark circles and bags, says Victoria.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.309322
Retrieved Text: There are some sites out there and one has 10 home remedies for that but I found this video and maybe it will help you out. Good Luck !
Try to get more sleep and stay hydrated.
vitamins C and K. You can absorb these antioxidants through your skin.
I have dark circles too whenever I stay up late. But, these dark circles are removed quickly because I use some of the fresh ingredients.
your eyes and around it. You will definitely notice a difference within a week!
Here are some effective remedies for how to get rid of dark circles fast.
Pour cold milk into a bowl. You can add ices or cold water to maximize its benefits.
A cotton ball should be soaked in the bowl and applied on the dark circles in the face.
as a excellent solution for how to get rid of dark circles effectively.
Place a tea bag in a cup of warm water.
Then, the cup should be put into the fridge.
When the mixture becomes cold enough, use a cotton ball to soak in the mixture.
Apple the ball on the dark circles in the skin.
After 10-15 minutes, wash the face with cool water.
circles because its effects will come quickly.
Squeeze an orange to make the juice.
You can add some drops of glycerin into the juice to get the better results.
Use a cotton ball soaked in the mixture to apply it on the dark circles.
Squeeze a potato to make the juice.
balls should be soaked in the juice and applied on the dark circles.
After 10-15 minutes, use cold water to wash the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.12487
Retrieved Text: If your bags are simply bags, however, you will succeed to remove them by some lifestyle changes. Improving skin thickness in the thinning eye area will reduce the look of dark circles. Cosmetic treatments for under-eye bags reduce the appearance of swelling and puffiness under the eye area, although only surgery can permanently reverse the problem. Food allergies can cause difficulty breathing, a rash, runny nose and watery eyes in addition to the puffiness. High in alpha hydroxy, that help skin look younger and reduce swelling and inflammation this fruit has more benefits than simply tasting good. Puffy eyes or periorbital edema is almost exclusively caused by fluid buildup around the eyes. If you have other symptoms that are problematic, you should visit your doctor to find out if there is an underlying condition that is causing the dark circles. When you are dehydrated your body starts retaining water wherever it can this includes under the eyes. The immune system of people with pet allergies is hypersensitive and reacts to contact with pet dander with symptoms such as itchy, puffy eyes, sneezing and coughing.
You may not known this but nasal congestion&apos;s can cause you to have dark circles. Whilst no cream can make the skin thicker, those that are formulated specifically for the under eye bag problem contain toners that tighten and cool the skin, thus making the underlying how to reduce dark circles under eyes with tea bags fat cells less noticeable and therefore the eye area less puffy.
reduce eyes tea bags swollen To reduce

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.07072
Retrieved Text: Can Yoga Help to Get Rid of My under Eye Dark Circles?
Regeneration, repair, and renewal are three vital functions that happen in the body when we sleep. Optimum levels of sleep will ensure that you are relaxed, stress-free, and your skin is glowing. You can avoid dark circles by sleeping for 6-8 hours every day.
What foods to eat to get rid of dark circles under the eyes?
Veggies like green leafy vegetables, broccoli, Brussels sprouts, spinach, sweet potatoes, tomatoes, cauliflower, asparagus, carrots, and bell peppers.
What vitamins are good for dark circles under eyes?
Vitamin K is essential for healthy blood circulation and coagulation. When enough blood (with nutrients) is supplied to the under eye area, you will not have to worry about dark circles.
Vitamin C is another vitamin that plays a key role in keeping your skin healthy and glowing. It has antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and collagen enhancing properties.
Vitamin E keeps your skin strong, elastic, and hydrated.
Various supplements are available in the market for these vitamins. However, it is recommended to supply the body with them using natural ingredients like the diet additions mentioned above.
An easy way to incorporate vitamins and minerals into your diet is by juicing your favorite ingredients together. Use any combination of ingredients from the examples listed above to make a healthy juice for yourself. You can also use single food items and blend them to get their juice. These healthy juices are best had in the mornings and evenings.
Blend all the ingredients and drink either at room temperature or chilled.
Yes, dark circles are an

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.06147
Retrieved Text: Get sparkling bright eyes with our Dark Circles Eye Cream.
Baggy eyes coupled with dark circles are a complete NO NO! They not only show you're deprived of sleep but also manage to steal the glow from your face! A lot of hygiene, as well as lifestyle factors, can contribute to you developing dark circles under your eyes.
Sure, there are a thousand products available in the market claiming to reduce dark circles, but how many of them actually work? Well, we would recommend you to use only natural products to get rid of those panda eyes!
The oil has anti-inflammatory properties and therefore it alleviates puffiness of the eyes and dark circles. It is rich in Vitamin K which reduces discoloration around the eyes and it also makes clotting better. The presence of retinol and palmitic acid helps to moisturize the dainty under eye skin leaving it smooth and soft!
Chamomile extract is an antioxidant that reduces signs of aging and is also anti-inflammatory in nature which ensures there is no swelling of eyes, and your eyes are free of puffiness. Apart from that, chamomile also has antibacterial and antifungal properties which keep the skin healthy.
Loaded with Vitamins A, C, E, & K, papaya has rich antioxidant properties and various other nutrients and minerals like Potassium, Niacin, Protein, Fiber and so on. Papaya helps your skin to glow by rejuvenating the skin. It alleviates dead skin cells and works like magic to remove the dark circles under your eyes.
Massaging Vitamin E around your eyes improves the blood circulation, making

================



======= Instance Index 251 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How do I prevent my muscles from getting sore after lifting weights or exercise?

Choice 1: After exercising or lifting weights extensively, apply a topical analgesic to the parts of the body you were training. Also apply an ice pack if needed to reduce swelling.

Choice 2: When exercising or lifting weights, drink plenty of water. Being dehydrated increases the chances of pulling a muscle, or becoming sore after the exercise.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 51.981472
Retrieved Text: A sore calf muscle typically results from sudden or unusually strenuous exercise leading to muscle strain. Stress, cold weather, and vitamin deficiency can also be contributing factors. With this type of injury, the muscles on the back of the leg become tender and tight because of tears in the... Bath bombs are a wonderful way to relax sore muscles and leave you feeling better. When you make bath bombs at home, you can tailor the recipe to provide exactly the benefit you want. When you make bath bombs at home, you can tailor the recipe to provide exactly the benefit you want.
Have you ever gone hiking on a whim and wound up with crazy sore leg muscles the next day? I’m not necessarily talking about a hard hike, either, although those will contribute to sore muscles.... Avoiding sore muscles requires several commitments to your overall health and well-being. We’re going to examine several aspects of how to recover from workouts, and how to avoid sore muscles.
Instead, make things more challenging little by little. If you're lifting weights, for example, opt for either moving up in sets and reps with lower weights, or increasing the weight but not the... Additionally, after recovery, your muscles will be stronger than ever for up to eight weeks. Rest your sore quadriceps for at least three days so the pain gradually reduces. Avoid rapidly returning to the vigorous exercise that put you in this predicament in the first place, because it can worsen your soreness.
The sore muscles that occur after a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.310898
Retrieved Text: Muscle density refers to the amount of lean muscle tissue in your body in comparison to the amount of fatty tissue. This differs from muscle mass, which typically refers to the size of the muscles; dense muscles are not necessarily large, but they contain dense muscle fiber and produce more power than larger muscles that aren't as dense. Building muscle density is useful for individuals who want to increase their strength without bulking up and who wish to improve their overall fitness level.
Eat a snack or light lunch that is high in protein and carbohydrates approximately an hour before you begin working out to ensure that you have energy for your workout but aren't so full that you'll make yourself sick while exercising. You should also drink cool water approximately 20 minutes before working out to ensure that you are properly hydrated.
Develop a training schedule that includes both weight training and aerobic training. The weight training that you perform will develop the density of your muscles over time while the aerobic training will reduce your overall body fat and increase your endurance. Aerobic training days should be placed in between weight training days to allow your muscles time to rest and recover after your weight training. Make sure that you schedule at least one rest day per week as well to allow your body time to relax and recuperate.
Stretch and perform warm-up exercises before your workout, regardless of whether you are lifting weights or performing other exercises. Stretching and warming-up prevent injuries and prepare your muscles

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.645657
Retrieved Text: Sore muscles are the common problem after workout or a long time exercise. Because it is very common, so you should check the reasons and the useful ways to treat it fast and naturally. The factors that cause the soreness on muscles are weight lifting, heavy weights, or incorrect exercising. After the injury, you should not use the drugs or cream rightly, but you should try to use some of the following remedies to relieve it and prevent it before and after doing exercises. VKool.com will show you the tips how to help sore muscles recover fast in legs & other body parts. If your muscle soreness is too serious, you should go to see the doctor and consult him immediately because the writing is for informational purpose only.
Probably it seems too difficult to sleep in this time when the soreness appears. However, the suggestion is to try sleeping enough after getting the problem as sleeping can help your body pass the protein synthesis and help you have a good time to recover the endurance and strength. If you have troubles to get deep sleep, you might drink a cup of milk before going to sleep, drink a cup of warm herbal tea, listen to classical music, or do something that helps you relax. High-quality sleep will produce Growth Hormone that can repair and recover the tissues as well as the muscle strength.
Drinking something is a useful remedy to treat sore muscles and chocolate milk is such a useful thing for you in this case. The

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.626053
Retrieved Text: Some have come to believe that the sign of a good workout is feeling a little sore in the target area the next day. But exercise doesn’t have to be brutal to be effective. There are gentle fitness programmes that are just as effective as other cardio and weight training programmes, but they are more focused on easing pain in problem areas. Read on to find out how you can use exercise to ease your pain.
A lot of people suffer from back pain, either from carrying heavy backpacks, or from lifting weights the wrong way. Whatever the cause, back pain can make it difficult to go about your daily life, because it can severely restrict your movement. A variety of exercises for lower back pain can strengthen back, stomach, and leg muscles. They also help support your spine and relieve back pain.
Try partial crunches, wall sits, and hamstring stretches, which will build strength but won’t aggravate the back. Yogis should try cobra position to gentle stretch the spine and muscles. If done properly, lifting weights can also alleviate chronic back pain, but you should check with your doctor. If your back pain is severe, you should try easing it with inversion therapy. See HealthyInversion.com for more information.
You don’t need to rush your abdominal exercises to get an intense workout. You could injure your muscles and do further damage to your back if you don’t strengthen it at the same rate you work towards your six-pack. When you do your core exercises, pay attention to your back

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.821877
Retrieved Text: Do your muscles ache from too much yard work, exercise, or heavy lifting? Muscle soreness is common, and it usually means your muscles are getting stronger. Strenuous physical activity, especially something new to your body, will cause your muscles to begin feeling sore a few hours after the activity. Soreness tends to peak around two days after the exercise or physical activity, so you may want to limit additional stress to the area until it passes.
Some types of exercise or movement are more likely to trigger soreness. The most notorious are called eccentric exercises, where a muscle has to contract as it's lengthening. Bicep curls, downhill running, and squatting are all examples of eccentric exercises that lead to sore muscles. Stretching can also cause soreness because it damages muscle fibers.
Although muscle soreness is mostly a good thing because it's a sign of muscle growth, repair, and recovery, it can be uncomfortable. Unfortunately, most things people do to relieve soreness don't usually help. Stretching may feel good, but it won't prevent soreness. Ice may take your mind off the pain, but it won't counteract the soreness either. Light exercise might make you feel better temporarily, but it won't speed up the recovery process.
Milkweed Balm is an all-natural remedy that can help soothe muscles and soreness. When applied topically, the antioxidants and anti-inflammatory ingredients in Milkweed Balm get to the source of pain. When used after a workout or strenuous activity, Milkweed Balm can aid in the recovery process.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.781773
Retrieved Text: FAMILY FOLLIES 24/7: Body sculpting? Get me to the nearest Dairy Queen!
So, now that the kids are both in full-time school, my friend, Lainie, and I decided to join a body sculpting class at the recreation center. Now, anyone who knows me or reads this column knows that exercise and I have had a hate/hate relationship for as long as I can remember. Some days I hate it, other days I hate it.
In spite of my derision to exercise, I decided that joining this class was probably a good idea. I don’t quite know why I thought this, other than that as everyone also knows, I’m a glutton for punishment. Oh, and I can no longer use my long-standing excuse about being so busy with kids that I just don’t have time for torture … er, I mean exercise.
So, that’s how I ended up at a body sculpting class this past Monday morning before I even had a cup of coffee (exercise and no coffee … have I died and gone to Hades? Dare I say that even as the Mistress Of All Evil (class instructor) who was leading the class had us drag our torture devices (mats and weights) out of the closet and onto the gym floor, I was slightly, and I do mean slightly, pumped up about this whole ‘body sculpting’ business.
So, the class started and we were lying on our mats and the instructor was having us stretch, and I was still thinking to myself, “This isn’t so bad,” because anything that

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.749916
Retrieved Text: You might be surprised to learn that, in your journey to gain weight, you’ve noticed that weight gain programs are subject to just as much controversy and misinformation as weight loss programs. So much time and money is spent on developing solutions for weight loss, so gaining weight should be the easiest thing in the world, right?
Unfortunately, it’s not that simple. There are plenty of myths and outright lies when it comes to weight gain programs and it can be difficult to separate fact from fiction. Many guys fall prey to such misinformation and waste endless hours in the gym and in the kitchen pursuing programs that will never work. Read on to discover a few myths about gaining weight and muscle, and why they could harm you.
This myth comes mostly from people who don’t know any better and haven’t done any real research into bodybuilding and lifting weights. These are the guys who you typically see in the gym every day of the week, spending an hour lifting their butts off and running on a treadmill.
While exercise is certainly one of the most important components of weight gain programs, it’s not the only important aspect. Eating a proper diet and allowing your body time to rest are also important; in fact, most bodybuilders agree that lifting weights, diet, and rest are the most important aspects of gaining weight. Spend five days in the gym lifting weights every week and you aren’t allowing your muscles nearly enough time to rest.
Since sleep is incredibly important for the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.102486
Retrieved Text: Do Sore Muscles Equal a Good Workout?
When you’re a fitness junkie, sore muscles may feel like a badge of honor. After all, when friends and co-workers ask why you groan every time you sit down, you get to tell them you crushed a tough HIIT session, or that you nailed a squat PR during leg day.
But aside from bragging rights, do sore muscles actually benefit you in any way?
What Causes Muscle Soreness After a Workout?
First, let’s cover what’s going on when your muscles get sore after exercise.
That achy, sometimes-painful sensation you feel in the 24 to 48 hours after an unfamiliar or especially tough workout is known as delayed onset muscle soreness, or DOMS. For a long time, researchers believed the phenomenon was a result of lactic acid and other waste-product build-up. Today, we know that DOMS is caused by muscle tissue damage.
“When you challenge your muscles during an intense workout, you create microscopic tears in the tissue,” says Trevor Thieme, C.S.C.S., Openfit’s senior manager of fitness and nutrition content. This damage is a completely normal part of the adaptation process. “It’s triggers muscle growth and other training adaptations,” Thieme says.
When you work your muscles harder than usual (i.e. lift heavier weights, reduce rest periods, add new moves to your workouts, etc.) you accumulate enough of that microscopic damage to actually feel it.
Do Sore Muscles Indicate a Good Workout?
“There’s no evidence to suggest any link between soreness and workout quality or effectiveness,” Thieme says.
In fact, muscle soreness — especially the extreme variety — can limit your

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.08888
Retrieved Text: Spend 10 minutes at the gym and you’ll hear a lot more than grunting and loud music. People will actually tell you how to work out! It’s as if everyone who goes to the gym, more than 3 days a week, think they’re some sort of professional trainer. They walk around confident as can be, going from one machine to another.
When I first caught gym fever, I wanted advice from my fellow gym enthusiasts. My mother, my friends, trainers at the gym, even the 80 year old woman on the treadmill; they looked like they knew what they were doing so I thought they could help me.
Crunches are the best ab exercise. Not true! According to Health Magazine, crunches aren’t the number one way to flatten your tummy.”Since they don’t burn off a lot of calories, they don’t help in a major way with fat loss,” I was shocked! Doing 100 planks would give you better results than 100 crunches. Of course, 100 crunches sounds far easier than holding 100 planks; but I guess that’s the point.
Lifting weights makes women look bulky. Yes, if all you’re doing is lifting the heaviest weights all day. Lifting 10 to 15 lbs every other day at the gym isn’t going to make you the next hulk. Trust me, lifting weights was the only thing I did for a month and my arms didn’t form much muscle. They definitely got more toned but I didn’t become a bodybuilder over night.
You didn’t have a good work out if you didn’t sweat.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.412354
Retrieved Text: Waza (technique), and its precise execution, is such a vital aspect of the martial arts in that it allows a smaller, physically weaker person to prevail against a larger, stronger antagonist. Still, in spite of this statement, physical strength has its place, and under certain circumstances can go a long way for the practitioner. This is in no way to discredit the effectiveness of using proper form in techniques, nor should this principle ever be dismissed. But I believe that any physical endeavor, including martial arts training, should include a regimen of weight training to develop strength.
At one time, strength training with weights was considered taboo for the athlete. With the exception of football players, competitive weightlifters and bodybuilders, athletes were strictly advised to avoid lifting weights. One myth attributed to weight training is that it compromises speed and flexibility - two sought after qualities in the martial arts. Flexibility is the result of proper stretching, which should be done daily and is especially recommended before and after a martial arts session. Speed is acquired through training for that capacity, and can be developed alongside of a strength training routine without one interfering with the other.
During Okinawan karate's early development, ishi-sashi were used in a fashion similar to using dumbbells. These hand-held stone devices were carried as the practitioner performed kata and various strikes. In the 60s, martial arts historian Donn Draeger was one of the first to suggest a weight training program for judo players. In addition to Draeger, Chuck Norris and Bruce Lee were

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.345562
Retrieved Text: Make strength training the key to your best year yet of running with these tips and exercises from the new book Get Strong for Women.
Image from Get Strong for Women used with permission of DK, a division of Penguin Random House LLC.
Excerpted from Get Strong for Women, reprinted by permission of DK, a division of Penguin Random House LLC. Copyright © 2017 by Alex Silver-Fagan.
Getting strong doesn’t happen overnight. It is a gradual process that requires commitment to routine, dedication to form and drive to continually push yourself every day. Each time you pick up a weight, you are training your muscles to become stronger and more adept at functional movement.
Your body adapts to the type of work you demand of it. If you habitually lift heavy weights, your body responds by building the muscular strength and power to support the activity. That’s how strength training works—you overload your muscles, allow them to adapt, then overload again.
An effective training program is one that keeps your body guessing by varying the movements and challenging your body with greater resistance. This way, your body never gets comfortable, and your progress never halts.
On a microscopic level, resistance training builds your skeletal muscle mass—the muscles attached to bones and tendons that are responsible for the force behind all your movement. These muscles are composed of individual muscle fibers. When your muscles work against external resistance, such as when lifting weights, you cause microscopic tears in your muscle fibers.
After your workout, your body repairs these damaged fibers, making them stronger and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.095146
Retrieved Text: I get this question a lot: Should I do cardio first or weights?
There is a lot of information out there regarding how to achieve the best results from your workout.
The bottom line is to do what works best for you. If you find that you are too tired after lifting weights to do cardio or too tempted to skip cardio once you have done your weight lifting, then maybe it is best if you do your cardio first.
That being said, there is a bit of science behind the idea that you can reap more benefits by lifting weights before cardio. Basically, it is the idea that you may not have adequate stamina or strength to lift weights after doing cardio. Also, if your muscles are engaged, it is believed that you will burn more calories during and after your workout by performing your cardio after lifting.
But again, It is really more about preference. the most important thing is that you exercise. Do what works for you.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.089344
Retrieved Text: Never regret a good workout.
After a strenuous workout, the soreness really kicks in. After doing all those squats, biking with max resistance, and lifting weights, I don't regret it, but I definitely feel the pain. There are some obvious ways to recover from a workout, but there are some ways that are unique and definitely worth trying.
I am starting with the obvious, but stretching is an effective way to ease tension in your muscles. When you work out, you often contract your muscles, and the muscle fibers get shorter. Lengthening them after a workout promotes mobility, and this can lead to a proper recovery.
After a workout, you need to feed your muscles. Post-workout protein is vital and leads to muscle improvement. Aim for 20-50 grams of protein after each workout depending on your body weight. Whenever I go to the gym, I try to carry a protein shake or a protein-rich snack like peanuts.
Drinking water seems like an obvious step to take, but many active people (including myself) don't drink enough water after working out. When you work up a sweat during exercise, your body loses large amounts water, which can lead to dehydration.
A mistake that I often make is not eating before my morning workouts. Energy is needed to get through a workout, and food is fuel. One of the main factors linked to poor recovery is decrease in appetite, so try to eat some healthy carbohydrates before hitting the gym.
Using a foam roller is like getting a massage without having to break the bank.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 44.821003
Retrieved Text: Home / Fitness / But How About Bodyweight Training?
But How About Bodyweight Training?
Bodyweight training is a fantastic way to get started with fitness. You can do it whenever you like, you can do it within the comfort of your own home and you don’t even need any equipment (although some equipment can really enhance your workout).
In this article I discuss why bodyweight training is worth considering and give you some top tips for getting started. I’ll also be discussing weight lifting and adding some tips for this activity.
The most obvious advantage of bodyweight training vs traditional strength training is the cost. If you join a gym then you have to pay your membership fees and even if you go to the cheapest gym in town you’re looking at a minimum annual cost of $300.
If you decide to train at home with your own weights then you have to invest in a bench, a set of dumbbells and a barbell. However, you can do bodyweight training without any equipment.
Bodyweight training is also very flexible so if you have a busy lifestyle it’s perfect. Whenever you have 15-20 minutes free you can slot in a training session. If you have more time free you can extend your training session.
Whilst bodyweight training is a very good exercise, it can be difficult getting started. You have to learn all the moves yourself and it can be a struggle coming up with exercises for certain areas of the body. For example, how many shoulder workouts can you think of that use

########
Rank: 14
Score: 44.75029
Retrieved Text: Okay I don't want to scare you of but at the same time, let's just jump to the point, shall we?
in order to start toning you’re going to want to start lifting heavy weights, don’t be scared, you’re not going to turn into a man haha, it takes A LOT of work to do that and our bodies aren’t the same as men.
I lift heavy often for my legs and booty because, well, i want toned legs and a big booty! DUH. For my arms I tend to lift lighter weights because I just want to maintain what I have, i don’t want to make the muscles there much bigger.
In order to build muscle we also need to FEED our muscles! We need to make sure we are giving them the proper nutrients before and after working out.Before a workout I eat COMPLEX CARBS! Something like oatmeal, sweet potatoes, or ezekiel bread to FUEL my muscles and then AFTER I workout I need to FEED my muscles protein so that they can rebuild! This is either a protein shake, tuna, tofu, egg whites, or beans with avocado.
The heaviest I’m doing right now for legs is about 85 for the leg press, and then i’ll do lunges, squats, and dead lifts with a 30 lb barbell.
You should start much less than me then work your way up!!
Embrace the soreness :) Or catch this blog on how to actually help seriously avoid being super effing sore.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 44.7373
Retrieved Text: Q: I'm about to get back into lifting, and I don't want to get too sore. How long should I rest between workouts so I can make gains, but not be achy the next day?
A: To get strong and big you have to tear your muscles up, right? Wrong.
Research actually says that muscle damage isn’t necessary to stimulate gains in strength and size. In a study in Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise, subjects performed exercise that resulted in muscle damage. Afterwards, their gains in strength were compromised for several weeks, not enhanced.
In another study, researchers looked at strength and muscle gains in two groups. They created muscle damage in the first group, and had the second group train in a way that prevented muscle damage. In the end, both groups increased muscle mass to the same degree. So based on these results, you can see that muscle damage isn’t all that necessary to make gains.
But just for argument’s sake, let’s say that you train hard enough to make yourself sore, which signals that you have damaged your muscles. Do you need to wait 7-10 days to wait for them to heal before you can train again?
Not if you hit the gym regularly.
Assuming you exercise a few times a week, it’ll only take about three days for your strength to return to normal, according to researchers in Singapore. In addition, consider the “Repeat Bout Effect.” Basically, it says that after you train a muscle once, you’re less likely to do significant muscle damage or recreate

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.71189
Retrieved Text: After an exercise routine or otherwise rough day inclusive of strenuous activities the muscles can become extremely sore. Though muscle pain resulting from exercise can become somewhat irritating and may be a strong indication that one should stop exercising. The truth is that in the long run exercising more will result in the less pain felt.
One of the best things one can do to relax sore muscles after a hard workout is to get some rest. A person should refrain from doing any activities requiring the use of these muscles until the soreness subsides. This is especially required for muscle soreness resulting from weight lifting during an exercise routine. During your weight lifting routine it is generally recommended to target a specific group of muscles on each daily routine. The muscles should be relaxed and allowed time to rebuild after each workout. In scheduling your workout program most trainers advise doing chest and arms exercise on one day followed by the legs and thighs on the next day with core exercises for the final day.
A massage is probably the second best thing one can do for sore muscles. When a person exercises to the point of exhaustion, tiny tears are seem to occur within the fibers of the muscles resulting in inflammation. When the body’s muscle tissue becomes torn, cytokines are produced by the body which defines the inflammation process. Massage reduces the amount of cytokines produced. Massage increases the muscles ability to naturally extract oxygen from within the body by increasing the mitochondria. This results

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.620632
Retrieved Text: Yet another published almost truth!
It’s been known since the early 90’s that Pre exercise stretching does not prevent injuries.
It’s also accepted that stretching a cold muscle is worse for performance than not stretching at all.
What benefit do we get from stretching? It allows an instructor to observe and evaluate a client.
Dynamic stretches are a great way to warmup before a workout, when done properly.
So, here is the myth – as is- followed by my comments…..
Stretching before working out actually weakens your muscles by 30%. Pre-game stretching could actually increase your risk of injury. You are better off doing your stretching after a workout; try lifting some light weights to warm up, or doing a little walking before cardio.
Post Exercise stretching – always a sensible part of your workout. To allow your muscles to return to their Pre-exercise condition/length. Longer, held stretches to increase flexibility and support joint mobility must be a good ides.
Using light weights to warm-up should only EVER follow a series of mobility exercises. It’s a good idea to practise your chosen routine with a reduced load – but just picking up light weights and going for it is poor preparation – unless of course your workouts are not really that challenging.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.498627
Retrieved Text: Exercise: Can you Over Exercise?
Is there such a thing as too many different or too much exercise?
One of my fitness friends is an exercise FREAK. I mean it in a good way. She takes all kinds of group fitness classes with weights, aerobic and high intensity training. She runs. She does triathlons. She line dances. It seems she doesn’t sit still for long. On one of her slow days she posed the question to me, “Am I hurting myself by doing too many different activities?” Heck no!
Exercising in different ways is what we in the business call “cross training”. It’s even what we recommend. As in life, too much of a good thing can be bad. Think sugar, wine, money (I haven’t experienced that last one). You need to change up your routine because over-repetition can over-stress your joints, bones, muscles and lead to injury. Breaking it up by working your body in different ways can make you stronger and well rounded.
Elite athletes cross train to enhance their performance. A runner or swimmer will also train with weights to build muscle. Stronger muscles will allow them to run or swim faster or longer. Stronger muscles can also prevent injury. Adding Yoga or Pilates can contribute to building strength plus flexibility. This can also prevent injury.
My friend should not be worried about doing too many varied activities but worried about doing too much activity all together. This seems more likely especially since she is using so many muscles in different ways. It might be harder for her

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.10742
Retrieved Text: There's a photo in one of my mom's dozens of dusty albums that always makes the both of us laugh. It's of a 9-year-old me with a disgruntled, irritated pout in front of this majestic, beautiful North Carolina mountain range. That face could basically sum up my attitude toward exercise the vast majority of my life: It was something I was forced to do to stay healthy, but something I enjoyed? As if.
It wasn't until college when I became inspired to pick up running that I truly started to exercise in a consistent way. But just as everything should be done in moderation, an injury in mile 12 of my second half-marathon put me out of the game. Not only was it painful to walk downhill, but physical therapy required me to take it slow and my therapist gave me some tough news to swallow: if I didn't start cross-training, I was putting my young knees in serious danger. I'm sure that pouty face returned when I realized that meant adding weights to my routine. It had taken me so long to figure out a type of exercise that I could actually stand, and here I was, having to start from scratch again.
I figured: fine, I'll do it. I'll do it until I can run again and that will be that. Fast forward to 2 years later, and I can count on one hand how many times I've gone running in 6 months. Adding weights and weighted exercise to my lifestyle has not only helped me

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.033955
Retrieved Text: Seniors Can Still Bulk Up On Muscle By Pressing Iron Our muscle mass decreases at surprising rates as we get older. But researchers found that people older than 50 can not only maintain but actually increase their muscle mass by lifting weights.
Sandy Palais, 73, of Arizona started lifting weights about 10 years ago after she was diagnosed with osteoporosis.
As we age, our muscle mass decreases at surprising rates. According to Dr. David Heber, director of UCLA's Center for Human Nutrition, an average male who weights 180 pounds might after age 60 lose as much as 10 pounds of muscle mass over a decade.
But can we turn that around?
In fact, new research published in the journal Medicine & Science In Sports & Exercise finds older adults who begin lifting weights after 50 may win the battle against age-related muscle loss.
Palais started weight training to build bone mass. But she built muscle mass as well.
"You have to do what we call resistance exercise," Heber says. This can take a lot of different forms. "It could be lifting weights, it could be stretchy bands, but the key is you have to stretch a muscle."
When you stretch a muscle to the point of straining it, as is the goal during weight lifting, you set in motion the body's natural muscle-building response. The muscle has to adapt to the damage and build itself up to be prepared for the next weightlifting assault. In this way, muscles build fiber and actually increase in size.
Take the success story of 73-year-old Sandy Palais of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 44.00072
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Daily Blog / More on physical therapy; Core strength; Posture.
More on physical therapy; Core strength; Posture.
I’ve had two physical therapy sessions so far, and I’ve learned quite a lot in that short amount of time. I’ve been doing some no-weight exercises that are helping to strengthen muscles in my back and shoulder that I’ve never used before (or haven’t used in many years). Those muscles are really sore right now, which goes to show how little I’ve used them in the past because no weights are involved! It’s all part of working on building my core strength, which will help prevent injuries and also help improve my posture. A big part of what we’re working on is trying to get me to hold my shoulders differently. I didn’t even realize how I tend to pull my shoulder blades up and out so much, especially when lifting. We’re focused on trying to keep my shoulder blades down and back, which should help reduce or eliminate the impingement and tendonitis.
Some other things that my therapist has me doing include: light-weight strengthening exercises similar to the rotator cuff exercises I’ve been doing for a while now; spending time on a machine (sorry, don’t know what it’s called) that I crank forwards and backwards in a circular motion using my arms and shoulders; ultrasound therapy and ice packs.
Over the past few days I’ve been really careful of my posture when I’m sitting in my chair all day. It’s amazing how poor my posture is when

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.87512
Retrieved Text: How can I improve my muscle strength safely during pregnancy?
I’m used to doing weight training. What changes should I make now I'm pregnant?
What weight training tips can I follow as my pregnancy progresses?
Yes, using light to moderate weights when you’re pregnant is safe (Bo et al 2016). In fact, doctors now advise pregnant women to do some strength training each week to improve muscle tone, although this doesn’t always have to be with weights (UK Chief Medical Officers 2017).
If you were used to doing weight training before pregnancy, you may need to use lighter weights than you did before you were pregnant (POGP 2013).
As long as you listen to your body and are prepared to adapt your routine, regular training is a safe way to tone and strengthen your muscles (O’Connor et al 2011, Nascimento et al 2012, Zavorsky et al 2011, Bo et al 2016) and improve your posture. It may even help you to cope with the demands of pregnancy and labour (Nascimento et al 2012, Zavorsky et al 2011).
If you have high blood pressure, you should tell your doctor that you'd like to continue weight training. Your doctor will know the reasons behind your high blood pressure and will be able to advise if weights are safe for you.
Weights-based classes that use music, such as body pump, may also be safe for you to continue during pregnancy, with a few modifications, but this will depend on your previous level of fitness. Talk to your doctor or midwife before you start and tell your

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.871967
Retrieved Text: Many of us want to get in shape, but exactly does it mean and how do you do it? Getting in shape is an individual experience, depending on your age, preferences, lifestyle and other factors. A mom with four kids may have very different goals from a mountain climber, for example.
But, at its heart, getting in shape simply means getting your body strong enough to do what you need it to do day after day. A mom with 4 kids may need to get in shape to have energy, stress relief and the patience to raise 4 kids.
A mountain climber needs to build strength and endurance for all the muscles he'll use while hiking.
For the average person, it really means working your body more than you are right now. Any time you do more than what you're used to, your body grows stronger, getting you in better shape than you were before.
Flexibility exercises to improve your range of motion, and rest so your body can recover and grow stronger.
Choose any cardio activity that's accessible and enjoyable.
Schedule your cardio workouts for at least 3 days a week.
Begin your workout with a comfortable 5-10 minute warm up to gradually increase your heart rate.
Increase your intensity by going faster, adding hills, resistance or incline (or a combination) until you're just out of your comfort zone (Level 5 or 6 on the Perceived Exertion Scale).
Maintain that pace for 15-30 minutes or for as long as you can, adjusting your intensity as needed to stay at Level 5 or 6.
End your

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.86354
Retrieved Text: Getting fit often seems like quite a task. There are so many questions about which methods are effective, whether or not to use supplements, and the list goes on. It is easy to feel that there is some hidden secret that will answer everything and make fitness less of a challenge. In today's blog, we dispell some of the common myths regarding weight-lifting, diet, and more. Of course, on your journey to fitness, do not hesitate to ask questions along the way. If you are working with a trainer, don't be afraid to speak up, it could be the difference between injury and safety. The bottom line, Irmo, SC, is that getting fit doesn't have to be a mystery. Let us help you de-mystify the process today!
Scientific facts often fly in the face of gym fiction, but your health can depend on learning the truth.
Myth #1: Weight lifting using the super-slow method builds bigger muscles.
In a recent University of Alabama research study, two groups of lifters performed a 29-minute workout, one using the super slow technique. According to the study, the faster group burned 71 percent more calories and lifted 250 percent more weight than the superslow lifters.
Myth #2: Eating more protein builds more muscle.
When is more important than how much when it comes to protein consumption. “Have a postworkout shake of three parts carbohydrates and one part protein,” Ivy says. “Eat a meal several hours later, and then reverse that ratio in your snack after another few hours.”This will keep protein synthesis going by maintaining

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.77393
Retrieved Text: To Treat Sore Muscles: Heat or Cold?
Home Lifestyle To Treat Sore Muscles: Heat or Cold?
Wonder if you should use heat or cold for your sore muscles? Well, it depends.
When you get two different answers to a question, sometimes even diametrically opposed, you can assume that there is no convincing evidence for either. One example is the seemingly age-old question: Shall I use heat or cold to treat muscle soreness? My answer is: It depends.
What does cold treatment do? First, it numbs the local pain neurons, so the sense of relief is immediate. It also reduces the local tissue temperature, which in turn reduces inflammation and swelling. The mechanism for that is by vasoconstriction, which reduces the blood flow and the release of inflammatory mediators into the site of injury. In the case of serious tissue injury, you want to reduce swelling and inflammation. This is not only reasonable, but also works for muscle strains. If you get a shooting pain during or immediately after an exercise, you have a muscle strain.
But what if we are not dealing with injuries like muscle or tendon tears or strains? What about the run of the mill post-exercise muscle soreness?
Muscle soreness after exercise, otherwise known as delayed onset muscle soreness or DOMS, can hinder both your exercise routine and daily activities. If you feel a dull soreness starting about 8 hours and lasting for a few days after an intense bout of physical activity, it is likely that you are suffering from this common condition. What’s the treatment for it?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.58285
Retrieved Text: Whether you are a novice fitness enthusiast, an intermediate one, or an advanced one, you could always use a getting-back-to-basics reminder. At some point in our workouts, we tend to go through the motions and forget about the simple things that got us this far. This article is here to remind you that you should always remember how you got to where you are at.
You need to know where you are going, how you are going to get there and when you are going to get there. For every workout, I have my plan in place. I know what body parts are being worked that day and have a good idea of which exercises will get done in which order. I may stray from the precise workout at times by adding drop sets or supersetting exercises, but the foundation is always there. My software lets me know how much weight and how many reps I did per exercise the last time around as well as what my 1RM is for that exercise.
Regardless of how the plan changes, I will work the intended body part for that day. I will not stray from the plan and work on a different body part.
Make sure that you are properly fueled before working out. According to the American Council on Exercise, 60 minutes of exercise can cause you to lose more than a quart of water. Drink the recommended two 8-ounce bottles of water a few hours before exercising, another glass half an hour before exercise, and 7-10 ounces every

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.35054
Retrieved Text: You’ve heard people in the gym or online talk about the mind muscle connection, but you never paid much attention. After all, you were lifting consistently and your weights were going up. Maybe you went on this way for six months, maybe even a couple years. Then suddenly your weights dropped. What’s going on? Are you sick?
The same thing happened to me about a year into seriously lifting. Not every lift was affected at first, but I was still worried that my back exercises had suffered such a huge blow. I was lifting roughly half the weight I had been grinding out regularly, and on top of it all I was more sore than ever the two days following a workout. So let me ease your fears: No, you’re probably not sick and you’re not losing the gains you worked so hard for; it might just be your mind muscle connection finally kicking in.
What does mind muscle connection mean, anyway?
When you first start lifting, you’re obviously a beginner. While that means the weights you’re using are probably on the lighter side, it also means you’re not accustomed to the movements. Sure, you’re always going to work your biceps a bit while you’re doing back exercises, for example, but when you’re starting out you’re using them more than you should. So even though the exercises are aimed at working certain muscles, you’re also working others.
As you gain experience and strength in the gym, you’re better able to perform the movements. One part of this is mentally thinking

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.341343
Retrieved Text: Knee pain is notoriously common among athletes and can become chronic if remedial action is not taken. One of the best ways of preventing knee injuries is exercising correctly and taking necessary guidance from qualified professionals especially when you are engaging in weight training or competitive sports.
The right training with preventive steps will ward off knee pain. Let us now see some of the ways in which you can prevent knee pain.
Obesity is one of the leading causes of knee pain. Extra fat on the body puts tremendous pressure on the knees making you prone to injuries and knee pain. The best way of avoiding this is to maintain a healthy weight by regular exercise and correct eating.
A common mistake that people make is to wear running shoes that have worn out or lost their tread. Running on hard surfaces like tar, concrete or even treadmills with old shoes paves the way for knee injuries. Invest in a good pair of running shoes from international sporting brands especially if you are fond of running outdoors. The right fit can cushion the impact on your knees and prevent knee pain.
Warming up and cooling down is very essential to any exercise programme. I have seen several athletes do heavy weight training without sufficiently warming up or cooling down after their exercise. This can lead to sore muscles and knee pain. You must warm up well before a crucial run or days when you are engaging in lower body workouts. Stretch those sore knee muscles after running or weight

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.339886
Retrieved Text: Swinging my legs out of bed was like moving two planks of wood.
So if last week’s session with Chris had been all about how far I’d come, this week’s was about moving to where we were going next.
The results from the second health assessment had shown that everything was going in the right direction. But with my muscle mass dipping slightly, it was time to move on to some resistance work. Or as it might be better known, ‘moving heavy things very quickly’.
Chris had cleverly devised as session that combined the kind of cardio, circuit training work we’d been doing so far with a little bit of weigh work. 40 seconds on the cross trainer (twice as long as last time), was followed 40 seconds of work with the weights, and then 40 seconds of burpees. The cardio was tough, but six weeks into Chris’s sessions, it was doable. But the weight work, for a clueless newbie like me, was uncharted territory.
In retrospect the weight I was lifting was a not-too-impressive-sounding 10kg. But lowering that from chest height to the floor, and then thrusting it from there to above head height, as many times possible in the time allotted? Yeah, that 10kg soon became more than enough.
By the end of it I knew I’d worked hard, and after a few more circuit exercises to end the session (who knew jumping sideways over a box was so hard?!) and some core work to improve my non-existent core strength, I was spent. But that wasn’t quite the end

================



======= Instance Index 1276 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How can I blow up my air mattress with a shop vac?

Choice 1: If you don’t have an air compressor to inflate your air mattresses or pool toys, you can use your shop vacuum instead, just pop the top off of a plastic squeeze bottle and fit the top to your vacuum’s hose. You may have to use duct tape. Once the top is secured to the hose, attach the hose to your vacuum’s exhaust port. It’ll blow up your inflatables in no time. To deflate, attach the hose to the vacuum port and suck the air out.

Choice 2: If you don’t have an air compressor to inflate your air mattresses or pool toys, you can use your shop vacuum instead, just pop the top off of a plastic squeeze bottle and fit the top to your vacuum’s hose. You may have to use duct tape. Once the top is secured to the hose, attach the hose to your vacuum’s suction port. It’ll blow up your inflatables in no time. To deflate, attach the hose to the vacuum port and suck the air out.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 51.869175
Retrieved Text: Published 04/18/2019 06:36:44 am at 04/18/2019 06:36:44 am in How To Blow Up An Air Mattress.
how to blow up an air mattress download blow up air mattress bed with sleeping bag and pillow stock image image of how to blow up an air mattress.
how to blow up an air mattress with a blow dryer,how to blow up an air mattress with a shop vac,how to blow up an air mattress with a hand pump,how to blow up an air mattress with an electric pump,how to blow up an air mattress,how to blow up an air mattress without electricity,how to blow up an air mattress camping,how to blow up an air mattress with a hair dryer,how to blow up an air mattress while camping,how to blow up an air mattress with a dyson vacuum, eno billow air lounge inflatable couch at rei product image for purpleteal.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.450108
Retrieved Text: The Shop-Vac® 14 Gallon* 6.0 Peak HP** Wet / Dry Vacuum with built in water pump moves large quantities of water by picking it up and then pumping it to another location. The pump vacuum is the perfect tool to have on hand for an unexpected flooded basement or broken pipe.
**"Peak Horsepower" (PHP) is a term used in the wet-dry vacuum industry for consumer comparison purposes. It does not denote the operational horsepower of a wet-dry vacuum but rather the horsepower output of a motor, including the motor’s inertial contribution, achieved in laboratory testing. In actual use, Shop-Vac motors do not operate at the peak horsepower shown.
CFM is a measure of the quantity of air moved by the vacuum motor at a particular system load, such as 2-1/2" orifice. Your actual system load is determined by the type, size and length of the hose used, the accessory tool used and the filter system used. A dirty filter system can drastically affect the suction and air flow. The filters need to be cleaned regularly and replaced as necessary to avoid reduced suction and air flow.
Suction pressure represents how far up a glass tube a vacuum motor will lift a column of water. This function is measured in inches. Maximum suction pressure or sealed water lift is obtained at zero air flow. Suction pressure decreases as air flow increases.
Vacuum performance or air power is the rate of work performed by a vacuum cleaner. Air power is a function of suction and air flow at an operating point. Air

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.229645
Retrieved Text: It shop pretty well, except I would benefit from a bit more airflow. I have two shop vacs, one of which is pretty shop dedicated to this task, the other is just a miscellaneous hoook one. If I hook them up to the hook outlet on the pipe, can I increase the airflow through the pipe?
The pipe will support it by my calculations but I am not sure if it is effective by having the two vacs. I also hook want to stress vac motors or cause the fuse to blow continuously, so this is not a 'try it and see' scenario.
This could vac, but you would want them setup to run in parallel, and not in series I would think. For example at the end of your ductwork, you have a Y that splits right into the two shol. My guess is the stronger shop will end up with the majority of your dust.
However if you set this up with a cyclone, you can still centralize all of the dust collection into a single bin, and still utilize the suction of two vacuums. The biggest issue I can see happening is if you ever get a blockage, or accidentally close all of your gates, the vacuums will in essence hlok fighting each other in the closed hook, and the weaker one will vac.
Final fantasy x-2 matchmaking sidequest of running vac in parallel i. Plug the intake of the first shop vac into the exhaust of the second, then plug the intake of the second into

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.077484
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 12:13:56 pm at 04/19/2019 12:13:56 pm in Inflatable Queen Bed With Frame.
inflatable queen bed with frame cabelas folding air bed frame with queen air bed and pump air mattresses bedroom furniture the home depot beautyrest silver queen lumbar supreme air mattress with adjustable lumbar support and builtin pump.
queen blow up bed frame for air mattress queen air bed with frame queen blow up bed frame for air mattress queen air bed with frame blow up beds, inflatable bed with frame camping air mattress bed frame inflatable bed with frame air bed with frame bed queen air mattress with frame air bed inflatable bed with frame , inflatable bed with frame most comfortable air mattress folding twin portable queen airbed with frame air bed only air mattress trail bed frame , portable bed frame for air mattress portable bed frame air mattress frame, spectacular black friday deal on texsport deluxe inflatable airbed texsport deluxe inflatable airbed mattress with built in battery pump twin or queen air bed, heres a great deal on ez bed inflatable guest bed with constant ez bed inflatable guest bed with constant comfort pump queen frontgate, foldable queen bed frame queen size bed folding queen air bed frame foldable queen bed frame folding bed frame metal frame pull out bed amazing folding bed pullout foldable queen bed frame , ivation ezbed queen air mattress with frame rolling case self ivation ezbed queen air mattress with frame rolling case self, inflatable bed with frame mrmeadinfo inflatable bed with frame air mattress bed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.05601
Retrieved Text: Perhaps you use your workshop to build furniture, or maybe you are a backyard mechanic. Others just like to fix up the house. Whatever your preference is you like to keep your work area organized and clean. Of course, you have a robust shop vac to help you accomplish this. However, the shop vac does not reach all those tight areas on your bench or shelves. You need to compliment the shop vac with an easy to use yet powerful workshop cleaner like the innovative Canless Air O2 Hurricane system.
If you’ve tried to blow out all the nooks and hidden areas of your work area with a standard canned air duster you have been disappointed. First, because you must hold the can upright for the product to work you never adequately clean hard to reach areas. Furthermore, you can only use short bursts when using canned air. Try a sustained burst and the gasses inside the can freeze.
Canned air isn’t even really air; it is a mixture of toxic gases. Inhale these chemicals and you can become very ill, or die. Since workbenches are typically in basements or garages they might not be well ventilated. Canned air is not an option in areas that are not well ventilated. However, Canless Air can be turned at any angle to blow sawdust or debris out of any hard to reach area. Since, the Canless Hurricane only blows natural air the product is environmentally friendly and safe to use, and this workshop duster is more much more powerful than

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.418793
Retrieved Text: Continuing my series of EXAIR award winning products for 2014. Plant Engineering’s readers voted the Heavy Duty HEPA Vac a silver award for Environmental Health. The HD HEPA Vac differs greatly from most of the EXAIR products. We often improve a work environment by reducing noise level from compressed air blow offs or limiting the energy usage of a facility by conserving compressed air, but when EXAIR introduced the Heavy Duty HEPA Vac, we entered a new area of environmental health.
High Efficiency Particulate Air standards are set by the US Department of Energy. Originally, the standards were created to protect workers, the public and the environment from particulate that may be found in DOE’s nuclear facilities. (For more information on HEPA filtration consult DOE-STD-3020-2005.) The Heavy Duty HEPA Vac filter meets the HEPA standards to filter a minimum 99.97% at 0.3 micron level. Each filter is tested in strict accordance with IEST-RP-CC-007. After testing the filtration, vacuum and ventilation companies discovered the added benefit of using HEPA filtration is to remove particulate that may inflame allergies or asthmatic symptoms. Pollen, pet dander, and dust are physically too large to pass through the HEPA filter. For instance, most pet dander is 5 microns and will become trapped inside the circuitous air passage route inside the HEPA filter. Also, HEPA filters will even filter airborne pathogens. Engineering Toolbox list several nominal particle sizes to give you the idea of scope. By meeting these strict standards, EXAIR’s Heavy Duty HEPA Vac can be used in a whole new industry

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.626522
Retrieved Text: cheap blow up mattresses how to clean an or blow up mattress.
cheap blow up mattresses twin blow up bed medium size of twin twin blow up mattress impressive formidable twin air inflatable twin bed reviews.
cheap blow up mattresses cheap blow up mattress cool s mattresses.
cheap blow up mattresses ideal double high air fully inflated.
cheap blow up mattresses attractive how to blow up an air mattress cheap travel bed for toddler high sides inflatable.
cheap blow up mattresses king blow up mattress unbelievable astounding queen size luxury raised air home design ideas.
cheap blow up mattresses blow up mattresses astonishing es twin size mattress amazon.
cheap blow up mattresses flocked double air bed caravan and camping blow up beds mattress inflatable mattresses airbeds beds mattresses.
cheap blow up mattresses second best the deluxe.
cheap blow up mattresses twin blow up mattress mattress queen airbed twin air mattress professionals and cons twin blow up mattress.
cheap blow up mattresses blow up twin mattress deluxe pillow rest raised twin air mattress and pump with twin size blow up twin mattress.
cheap blow up mattresses king blow up mattress stirring cheap mattresses full size large of home design ideas.
cheap blow up mattresses twin size blow up bed cheap blow up mattresses medium size of twin twin blow up.
cheap blow up mattresses cheap air mattress cheap blow up mattress blow up mattress blow up mattress suppliers and manufacturers.
cheap blow up mattresses twin size blow up mattress king blow up mattress fantastic air sizes explained twin to queen twin size blow up mattress.
cheap blow up mattresses blow up mattress

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.06158
Retrieved Text: child size blow up mattress children inflatable mattress inflatable mattresses airbeds travel bed kids child inflatable airbed toddler portable air bed child size blow up mattress.
child size blow up mattress aerobed air mattress for kids child size blow up mattress.
child size blow up mattress children inflatable mattress view larger child size inflatable mattress child air mattress sleeping bag our guide to choosing the best toddler travel bed family the leachco bumpzzz also makes a good play area and couch.
child size blow up mattress children inflatable mattress children inflatable bouncer small trampoline jumping bed inflatable mattress home bouncy castle fort best air beds the independent if youre sick of a bad back after your air bed deflates in the.
child size blow up mattress intex plush pull out inflatable chair child inflatable mattress kids air mattress with wrap around bumpers child inflatable mattress kids air mattress with wrap around bumpers child size inflatable mattress baby bump.
child size blow up mattress buy air mattresses inflatable air beds online at overstockcom our best bedroom furniture deals child inflatable mattress inflatable kids air mattress is compact child inflatable.
child size blow up mattress top best inflatable air lounges reviewed in gaboss inflatable waterproof lounger.
child size blow up mattress this kids travel mattress has something a little different about it namely a set of multicolored alternating lights which helps lull your little one to aerobed inch raised pillowtop air mattress in tan bed bath aerobed inch raised pillowtop air mattress in tan.
child size blow up mattress queen blow up mattress walmart cool bunk

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.80895
Retrieved Text: The X-Stream™ Hand Vac is the low-cost solution to a variety of industrial housekeeping applications. It is a blow gun, a vacuum gun, a collection system, and a transfer system in one simple package. It is lightweight die-cast aluminum and uses less air than a normal blow gun. It draws a vacuum at one end to produce a high vacuum for collection or transfer of materials. It is easily converted from a blow gun into a vacuum gun and back again. . In vacuum mode, it can be used to vacuum up debris, and debris can be collected in an available reusable vacuum bag.
The amplified air flow in the X-Stream™ Hand Vac is approximately 12 times the compressed air consumption. This gives it a high vacuum when in vacuum mode and high blow off force in blow off mode.
In blow off mode, the 1-1/4”(32 mm) diameter outlet allows it to cover a much greater area than a small blow gun for faster cleaning and drying. In vacuum mode it can transfer material over long distances using a vacuum hose which is supplied in the transfer kit and the all purpose kit. Also in vacuum mode, it can be used to pick up debris that can be collected in the reusable vacuum collection bag that is supplied with the collection kit and the all purpose kit. In fact, it is actually against the law to clean clothing for example with compressed air in many jurisdictions. The Hand Vac in vacuum mode can do this cleaning with safety

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.641716
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 04:05:05 am at 04/24/2019 04:05:05 am in Coleman Blow Up Mattress.
coleman blow up mattress coleman blow up mattress comfort single inflatable air bed beds camping airbed pump adapter best blow up mattress blow up mattress at medium size of bed target best blow up mattress blow up mattress mattress inflatable mattress camping coleman blow up mattress big.
amazoncom coleman quickbed elite extra high airbed queen coleman quickbed elite extra high airbed queen, air mattress pump at walmart air mattress cot campers collection air , target inflatable mattress air bed target air mattress pump target target inflatable , coleman air mattress reviews of top novermber update full sized coleman blowup bed,amazoncom coleman queen quickbed air mattress combo with pump amazoncom coleman queen quickbed air mattress combo with pump camping air mattresses sports outdoors, comfortable blowup mattresses at target homesfeed colemandoublehighairbedfromcomfortsmartwithheavy, coleman inflatable mattress queen single high tan quickbed airbed coleman supportrest pillowstop double high inflatable mattress airbed queen, air mattress coleman packable suv quickbed blow up mattress suv quickbed coleman packable air mattress, blow mattress air mattress queen inflatable blow up mattress air bed blow mattress queen beam raised air mattress bed inflatable pump camping blow up coleman blow up blow mattress air mattress queen inflatable , coleman blow up mattress blowup mattress best blow up bed fancy beds coleman blow up mattress blowup mattress best blow up bed fancy beds for camping in small home decoration ideas blowup mattress coleman air mattress pump , coleman blow up mattress blowup mattress best blow up bed fancy

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.341465
Retrieved Text: The Nex Flow Vacuum gun X-Stream™ Hand Vac is the low cost solution to a variety of industrial housekeeping applications. It is a blow gun, a vacuum gun, a collection system and a transfer system in one simple package.
The Nex Flow Vacuum gun X-Stream™ Hand Vac is light weight die cast aluminum and uses less air than a normal blow gun.Our Vacuum gun amplified air flow is approximately 12 times the air consumption. It draws a vacuum at one end to produce a high vacuum for collection or transfer of materials. It is easily converted from a blow gun into a vacuum gun and back again.
The Vacuum gun X-Stream™ Hand Vac in blow-off mode, the 1-1/4" (32 mm) diameter allows it to cover a much greater area than a small blow gun for faster cleaning and drying.
The Nex Flow Vacuum gun X-Stream™ Hand Vac can also be used to transfer material over a long distance using a vacuum hose which can be supplied. The gun in vacuum mode, it can be used to vacuum up debris if more appropriate than blowing air, and debris can be collected in a reusable vacuum bag available.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.172283
Retrieved Text: I have a CTL midi which I use on site and it stays in my van. My workshop vacuum is a big Nilfisk vacuum which is mega powerful. Up until now I have been wheeling this around or using my Midi out of the van.
The plan is to run 50mm plumbing pipe on the ceiling of the workshop with drops to the benches (or not, maybe hanging hoses?) but most important will be the main drop over the MFT (not yet bought) location.
This is a budget project using cheap pipe, elbows etc. The vacuum does not have a 240v take off, so short term I will use a remote control socket adapter I have already until I can afford a vacuum relay thing.
Rather than blast gates I was thinking simple screw on socket ends (cheap). Or maybe you can get a bung or cap for hanging hoses? To be honest I don't especially care if the hanging hoses are festool or not, as long as the end connectors are (can you buy just the enf piece?).
It would be also nice to have some outlets near tools like my bandsaw and pillar drill with a flexi hose that can be moved around.
If anyone has done similar I would appreciate any advice.
In my basement shop, which is where I get my WWing fix in the Winter because my real shop is not heated, I make use of the whole house central vac system.
I took my Oneida UDD and I set that up so it plugs into a standard

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.047264
Retrieved Text: Published 04/23/2019 09:00:56 pm at 04/23/2019 09:00:56 pm in Where Can I Get Compressed Air.
where can i get compressed air where can i get compressed air colt compressed air air compressor parts air compressor parts accessories the home.
where can i get compressed air air duster compressed air where can i get compressed air compressed air system design , how does fibre optic broadband work an expert explains can i get fibre optic broadband in my area icon, ways to clean a laptop wikihow image titled clean a laptop step , how to check your cars tire pressure and inflate tires edmunds how to check your cars tire pressure and inflate tires, plumb your shop for air wood magazine build a network to put compressed air always within easy reach, how to choose an air compressor steps with pictures wikihow image titled choose an air compressor step , where can i get a physical form importance of msds in construction where can i get a physical form importance of msds in construction technology sample, guide to where bed bugs hide room diagrams tips magnified view of bed bugs on mattress, how to clean your pc inside and out pcworld compressed air can clean out pc fansjust make sure not to blow dust back into the pc, air compressor buying guide how air compressors function, ocean monuments and how to find them in minecraft windows and what are ocean monuments and how do i find them in minecraft windows edition.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.022842
Retrieved Text: double bed inflatable mattress pige single beddouble bed inflatable bed air mattress heightening air bed outdoor camping household coleman camping inflatable double air bed mattress sizes.
double bed inflatable mattress single inflatable mattress inflatable bed air bed double home thick single inflatable mattress outdoor portable sofa coleman camping inflatable double air bed mattress sale.
double bed inflatable mattress 15220322cm air mattress cartoon back mattress home bedroom air bed beach mat intex inflatable double bed mattress.
double bed inflatable mattress bestway 6700167004 air bed air mattress double single bed guest bed 5301 coleman camping inflatable double air bed mattress reviews.
double bed inflatable mattress bestway air cushion bed inflatable bed double household increasing single inflatable mattress thickened outdoor portable bed w best double bed blow up mattress.
double bed inflatable mattress marnur double air bed inflatable mattress blow up airbed with built in electric coleman camping inflatable double air bed mattress sizes.
double bed inflatable mattress serta ez bed air mattress double high queen coleman camping inflatable double air bed mattress in a box.
double bed inflatable mattress flocked air mattress double bed coleman camping inflatable double air bed mattress discounters.
double bed inflatable mattress the three person shared room featuring a double bed and a blowup mattress photo coleman camping inflatable double air bed mattress stores.
double bed inflatable mattress buy intex inflatable air bed inflatable mattress single double 6774367744 combo increase can be split into two bed in cheap price on malibabacom coleman camping inflatable double air bed mattress toppers.
double bed inflatable mattress trespass double airbed air mattress in blue double bed blow up

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.009197
Retrieved Text: Watch The Shop-Vac Review Video!
TopDaddies is giving away one (1) Shop-Vac 5 US Gallon Wall Mount Vac for Father’s Day!! Contest runs June 5 to June 12, 2016 and is open to all U.S. and Canadian residents, excluding Hawaii, Alaska and Quebec. Prize colour, model and style may vary depending on availability.
I love that the shop vac hangs on the wall!
I love that the shop vac hangs on the wall! It frees up so much space that way.
My husband would love the wall mount feature the most, that way it’s out of the way but the hose is still long enough to reach, he would be thrilled with this vac!!
What a neat shop vac….I know what you mean about loosing all the “extra” tools….I can never find my vacuum tools when I need them even though they attach to the vacuum they fall off and go missing. Love that this is small but large enough to really clean garage mess….perfect for wood projects and cleanup.
I would have to say the wall mount feature because it would get it up and out of the way. I like things tidy and everything having its own place.
I love that it can be mounted to the wall with lots of handy gadgets. The 18 foot cord is super cool.
I love that you can mount it on the wall, for places with limited space! Love it!
I love that you can just hang it up – that way you always know where it is.
I would have to say that I love the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.449764
Retrieved Text: Published 04/21/2019 12:15:11 am at 04/21/2019 12:15:11 am in Inflatable Queen Bed With Frame.
inflatable queen bed with frame air mattress hand pump queen size inflatable airbed blow up bed 2 dimensions ai kmart inflatable mattress air mattresses mattresses at best of kmart inflatable.
queen blow up bed queen air mattress blow up beds awesome queen in queen blow up bed queen air mattress blow up beds awesome queen in guest, queen blow up bed wisecookinfo queen blow up bed queen sized air mattress up headboard comfort queen size air mattress with, air bed with frame air mattress on frame luxury inflatable air air bed with frame portable bed frame queen air bed frame queen portable bed frame air , foldable queen bed frame queen air bed for a queen air bed folding foldable queen bed frame queen bed double bed frame metal frame hotel extra folding single bed , best air mattress reviews buyers guide the sleep judge our best air mattress top pick soundasleep dream series, queen portable bed frame for airfilled mattresses with bag queen portable bed frame for airfilled mattresses with bag, air bed frame medium size of extraordinaire air mattress with air bed frame elegant single bed frame cream metal inflatable with and this is inflatable single air bed frame , portable queen bed air mattress with frame metal bed frame best of portable queen bed portable air mattress pure comfort queen size raised inflatable , bestway flocked round airbed royal inflatable queen bed with bestway flocked round airbed royal inflatable queen bed

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.44438
Retrieved Text: full size blow up bed simply sleeper extra durable runner up category airbeds permanent.
blow up bed full size stunning amazon com sable air,twin blow up bed relax flocked air with pump size , best blow up bed testing the twin inflatable, full size blow up bed sensational bedroom decoration twin air, blow up bed photo 1 of 9 full size euro,twin blow up bed full size of bedroom air inflatable ,full size blow up bed phenomenal bedroom decoration double ,full size blow up bed immense mattress com home design , air mattress sable upgraded full size raised inflatable, astonishing full size air mattress.
full size blow up bed sensational bedroom decoration twin air, air mattress sable upgraded full size raised inflatable, best blow up bed testing the twin inflatable,twin blow up bed relax flocked air with pump size ,full size blow up bed immense mattress com home design , blow up bed photo 1 of 9 full size euro,twin blow up bed full size of bedroom air inflatable , blow up bed full size stunning amazon com sable air,full size blow up bed phenomenal bedroom decoration double , astonishing full size air mattress.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.44316
Retrieved Text: intex inflatable mattress queen pillow rest queen airbed with built in pump intex queen size blow up mattress intex premaire queen air mattress reviews.
intex inflatable mattress queen memory foam top bed queen size raised inflatable mattress airbed built in pump intex premaire queen air mattress reviews intex inflatable queen mattress air bed review.
intex inflatable mattress queen air intex inflatable pull out sofa queen bed mattress sleeper review intex inflatable queen mattress air bed review.
intex inflatable mattress queen inflatable full airbed full size built in electric pump air mattress bed intex inflatable queen mattress air bed review intex ultra lounge queen size inflatable bed.
intex inflatable mattress queen dream series small image intex queen air mattress built in pillow intex inflatable queen mattress air bed with built in pillow review.
intex inflatable mattress queen intex inflatable queen mattress airbed with built in pillow review intex inflatable mattress queen instructions.
intex inflatable mattress queen queen size inflatable mattress air bed with hand pump and 2 inflatable pillow in camping mat from sports entertainment on intex premaire queen air mattress reviews inte.
intex inflatable mattress queen generic inflatable queen dream support air bed mattress comfort plush elevated airbed with built intex inflatable queen mattress airbed with built in pillow intex queen.
intex inflatable mattress queen air mattresses queen queen raised airbed mattress beautiful full size downy inflatable airbed mattress only queen size air mattress intex inflatable queen mattress air.
intex inflatable mattress queen king size inflatable mattress intex blow up mattress queen intex inflatable queen mattress airbed with built in pillow.
intex inflatable mattress queen queen

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.391857
Retrieved Text: keeping dog off couch how to keep dogs off couch how keep dog off couch keep dogs off furniture how keep dog off couch spray.
couple bedroom decoration couple bedroom decoration new couple bedroom images couples decor simple decoration for best ideas on within couple bedroom decoration couple bedroom wall designs.
inflatable mattress bed bath and beyond twin bed blow up mattress blow mattress camping air mattress inflatable airbed blow up bed tent toddler air mattress bed bath and beyond.
3 seat swing with canopy 3 seat swing with canopy outdoor 3 seat swing canopy 3 seater swing chair canopy.
dog ate white mushroom in yard my dog ate a white mushroom outside dog ate white mushroom yard.
plate glass home depot mirror borosilicate glass plate home depot.
fence board composite fence pickets 8 foot fence pickets 8 foot fence boards 8 ft fence board photo fence boards for sale winnipeg.
selling house by owner selling your house by owner in texas.
different types of ceiling texture types of ceiling different types of ceiling texture ceiling board price suspended mineral fiber board types types of ceiling types knockdown ceiling texture.
2x12 beam span table figure joists with dropped beam shows the optional cantilever and the end points of the joist and cantilever spans 2x12 header beam span table.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.06648
Retrieved Text: take the filter off and empty. Normal false015012 false015012 false MicrosoftInternetExplorer. Craftsman 17765 Canister Wet/Dry Vacuum, we purchased the Stanley paper 4 gallon Wet/Dry Vac from Stanley. Genie Company GV150 Wet/Dry Vacuum, i have.5 HP 8 gallon Stanley Shop Vac with the cartridge filter. Vacuums, need filter for genie 300pc wet dry vac - Genie Company Vacuums. How do I change it from a dry to wet vacuum. It came without an instruction manual. Craftsman 17762 Wet/Dry Vacuum I have Genie 10 gallon Wet/dry vac and cant seem to find parts. When picking up small amounts of liquid015012the filter may be left in place.0150122. There isn&apos;t any reset buttons. Vacuums, what if i use my wet dry vac to pick up water without a filter. I need the cloth or paper bigs - used to filter dist. Vacuums Craftsman 16 gal wet dry vac model manual. Shop Vac Shop-Vac Hang Up Mini Canister Vacuum Cleaner Vacuum How do i use my mastervac wet dry vac to pick up water. Ridgid 9 Gallon Wet/Dry Shop Vac 96882 Canister Vacuum. To vacuum wet or dry, do you use anything covering the inside part with the ball? If you need paper filters, you can easily use a bag filter cut in half, and have less dust clouds than the original filter. Here&apos;s a link to this great service. Urence model GO118 filter is available through intro home improvements and. I have a Craftsman wet dry vac with blower capability (22 L). Try removing the hose to see if there

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.601439
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 03:10:56 am at 04/19/2019 03:10:56 am in Self Inflating Camping Bed.
self inflating camping bed coleman self inflating camping pad with pillow self inflating camping beds.
self inflating camping beds,self inflating camping bed,best self inflating camping bed,self inflating inflatable camping mat air bed mattress,self inflating double camping bed, blow up furniture for camping blow up twin mattress twin size self blow up furniture for camping blow up twin mattress twin size self inflating relax blow up air bed inflatable mattress camping, kamprite queen selfinflating mattress kamprite , selfinflating air mattress campingid product details selfinflating air mattress camping image, memory foam camping pad roll up foam mattress camping double self memory foam camping pad roll up foam mattress camping double self inflate roll up foam sleeping mat camping mattress inflating airbed roll up memory foam , kingcamp comfort self inflating camping mat with attached pillow for kingcamp comfort selfinflating camping mat with attached pillow for hiking backpacking sleeping mats mattress, selfinflating sleeping pad bed mattress mat pillow for camping picture of .

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.595823
Retrieved Text: Queen Size Blow Up Bed Magnificent Bedroom Decoration Air Mattress Inflatable Home Interior 18 is one of pictures that are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. The exactly dimension of Queen Size Blow Up Bed Magnificent Bedroom Decoration Air Mattress Inflatable Home Interior 18 was 524x524 pixels. You can also look for some pictures that related to Queen Size Blow Up Bed Magnificent Bedroom Decoration Air Mattress Inflatable Home Interior 18 by scroll down to collection on below this picture. If you want to find the other picture or article about Queen Size Blow Up Bed just push the next button or previous button; or if you are interested in similar pictures of Queen Size Blow Up Bed Magnificent Bedroom Decoration Air Mattress Inflatable Home Interior 18, you are free to browse through search feature that located on top this page or random post section at below of this post. We hope it can help you to get information of this picture.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.338488
Retrieved Text: large air mattress therm a rest neoair xtherm max rectangular lightweight inflatable backpacking air mattress large how to fix a hole in an air mattress onwinclub how to fix a hole in an air mattress fix hole in air mattress without patch.
large air mattress intex twin air mattress with built in pump large size of queen headboard fabulous portable price reviews new water air mattress floating island for adults and kids new water air mattress floating island for adults and kids party in summer swimming large.
large air mattress comfy air mattress airbed for camping extra large air mattress thermarest basecamp air mattress blue nights regular large or x.
large air mattress how to repair air mattress photo 8 of charming how to repair an air mattress leak 8 image titled patch a leak in patching air mattress with rubber cement night air mattresses ultra chamber mattress twin xl twin large picture of night air ultra chamber mattress twin xl.
large air mattress the comfort of the bed more than compensates for its weight and bulk spring air mattresses chicory plush euro top mattress full full large picture of spring air chicory plush euro top mattress full.
large air mattress how to fix a hole in an air mattress fix hole in air mattress without patch metal mattress frames air mattress with frame large size of air metal mattress frames air mattress with frame large size of air mattress frame top amazing frames.
large air mattress air mattress costco large size of queen air mattress and foster king mattress spring air

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.17872
Retrieved Text: Blow-up mattress can be a fantastic add-on to any home. You can utilize them for whatever from camping to using it as an additional bed.
A lot of the blow-up mattress today feature their own pump, making it really easy to deflate the bed mattress and/or inflate for quick use.
The air mattresses today are much stronger and made out of much heavier material than they were previously so the possibility if one popping is less likely than it has been.
first, ensure that your tent is able to fit the blow-up mattress you want within it.
Since there are many alternatives when picking an air mattress, pick the amount of loft you desire. Be willing to invest a little additional money to make sure the resilience and quality of your mattress.
No matter the number of routine bed mattress you own already, a blow-up mattress is constantly a good addition.
They are available in very convenient when you are having friends or relatives remain over for the vacations and can also make a kids’s sleepover go easier.
It is sensible to invest a bit more money for a higher quality if you are mainly going to utilize your air bed mattress for indoor purposes only. It is never ever a good moment when you remove your air mattress that has been in the closet or attic for a few months only to find that it has a hole.
The most long lasting air mattress to purchase is one that includes a bed frame. These will last the longest as well as provide the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.06556
Retrieved Text: FLY SPOTLIGHT – What we currently can’t keep enough of in our boxes.
For such a simple pattern the shop vac seems to deliver in every season and is one of my go to flies. It is essentially a zebra midge a pheasant tail body and pearl midge flash, white zelon etc. that supposedly represents the air bubble of small emerging bugs. This thing absolutely works! It, like a zebra midge, imitates a midge pupa or other small larva, cranefly, baetis nymph etc.
I have most recently been using it in olive green to imitate the caddis larva that our local waters are currently full of. I like to tie mine with peacock herl at the thorax as opposed to dubbing, but that is just my preference. For the past several weeks on guided trips I have started my clients on nymph rigs in the morning hours and on pretty much every rig I have tied on a shop vac with something like a stonefly or pheasant tail as the top fly with the shop vac on the bottom. Easily 80% of the fish have been on the shop vac and when the bugs start really hatching I go to a dry fly. You better believe if I dropped something off of the dry it’s been the shop vac as of late, and the takes continue.
I have tied them in many colors but I personally like olive, black and red. If you don’t have shop vac’s in your box you better change that, and trust me you won’t

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.049486
Retrieved Text: Queen Size Blow Up Bed Memorable Best Air Mattress Reviews 2018 Buyers Guide The Sleep Judge Home Interior 11 is one of pictures that are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. The exactly dimension of Queen Size Blow Up Bed Memorable Best Air Mattress Reviews 2018 Buyers Guide The Sleep Judge Home Interior 11 was 640x640 pixels. You can also look for some pictures that related to Queen Size Blow Up Bed Memorable Best Air Mattress Reviews 2018 Buyers Guide The Sleep Judge Home Interior 11 by scroll down to collection on below this picture. If you want to find the other picture or article about Queen Size Blow Up Bed just push the next button or previous button; or if you are interested in similar pictures of Queen Size Blow Up Bed Memorable Best Air Mattress Reviews 2018 Buyers Guide The Sleep Judge Home Interior 11, you are free to browse through search feature that located on top this page or random post section at below of this post. We hope it can help you to get information of this picture.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.027561
Retrieved Text: Queen Size Blow Up Bed Astonishing Best Air Mattress Reviews 2018 Buyers Guide The Sleep Judge Home Interior 16 is one of pictures that are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. The exactly dimension of Queen Size Blow Up Bed Astonishing Best Air Mattress Reviews 2018 Buyers Guide The Sleep Judge Home Interior 16 was 640x446 pixels. You can also look for some pictures that related to Queen Size Blow Up Bed Astonishing Best Air Mattress Reviews 2018 Buyers Guide The Sleep Judge Home Interior 16 by scroll down to collection on below this picture. If you want to find the other picture or article about Queen Size Blow Up Bed just push the next button or previous button; or if you are interested in similar pictures of Queen Size Blow Up Bed Astonishing Best Air Mattress Reviews 2018 Buyers Guide The Sleep Judge Home Interior 16, you are free to browse through search feature that located on top this page or random post section at below of this post. We hope it can help you to get information of this picture.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.788267
Retrieved Text: Get a Great Night's Sleep on a Twin Double High Air BedWith a Coleman twin double high, you'll be sure to get the sleep you need to handle all the challenges of tomorrow. For many outdoor enthusiasts, camping is made difficult due to a lack of comfortable sleeping options. Unfortunately, it's just not possible for some to get a good night's sleep on the lumpy and hard ground. An air mattress offers a convenient solution. It stores in the trunk and includes fast setup options for any situation. Having a quality air bed on hand is also useful when preparing for house guests or traveling to visit family and friends. When you need an extra bed, the twin double high is a great choice. it's designed of highly durable PVC with a soft, suede top. The bed weighs 1 pound and can be folded compactly when deflated for storage and travel. The valve system fits a number of different air pumps, so it's left to you to choose between battery-operated, rechargeable and electric air pumps. With the better sleep made possible by an air bed, you'll be better prepared for whatever the day has to offer!
Dimensions Unpacked 74 x 39 x 17 in.
This air mattress was amazing!
i went to las vegas with my grandparents and they brought 2 blow up matresses. there weren't enough beds so i was stuck with one of em! i was mad until i sat down on it once it'd been blown up. it was as comforatable as my bed at home!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.779501
Retrieved Text: Blow-up mattress can be a fantastic add-on to any home. You can utilize them for everything from camping to using it as an additional bed.
A number of the blow-up mattress today feature their own pump, making it really easy to deflate the bed mattress and/or inflate for fast use.
Likewise, the blow-up mattress today are much sturdier and constructed of much heavier product than they were before so the chance if one popping is less likely than it has actually been.
initially, make sure that your tent is able to fit the air mattress you desire within it.
Because there are numerous alternatives when choosing an air mattress, select the quantity of loft you desire. Be willing to spend a little additional cash to make sure the sturdiness and quality of your bed mattress.
Remember, you get what you spend for! Also, think about checking out purchasing a self-inflating air mat.
No matter the number of regular mattresses you own currently, an air bed mattress is always an excellent addition.
If you are primarily going to utilize your air mattress for indoor functions just, it is wise to invest a little bit more loan for a greater quality. And the bed frame will also secure the air mattress from foreign items puncturing the bed mattress.
The softsided water mattresses are simpler to tidy than the conventional waterbed mattress and they likewise come with a tub system on the side of the mattress.
You have the capability to move the tub from side to side and it will permit you some additional space and will

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.73634
Retrieved Text: Home » IGK News/Blog » Barn Tips » Oops! I Spilled Water In My Stall!
Oops! I Spilled Water In My Stall!
en and break the hydrogen bonds that are in the cellular makeup of the hoof, and will make the hoof too flexible and reduce the hoof’s structure. The hoof will become soft and weak. Other barns will pull out the three inches of bedding that it saturated and replenish that whole area with new bedding, becoming very costly. If you’re using thick rubber mats, this water can get under the mat and create mold; which is dangerous for your horse to be around.
If you were to have a SmartStall™ Mattress System in your stall, then spill some water, it is an easy clean up! Our SmartStall™ Mattress keeps all liquids right on top of the rubber topcover. The topcover is not porous so you don’t need to worry about the topcover absorbing some water and creating bacteria, and water will not get under the topcover and create mold. You only need to bed your stalls about one inch, so you don’t have to worry about having your bedding being soaked. Most people with our stalls installed, just shop vac up the water that is sitting right on top of the cover and add a bit of refresher bedding. You’ll never have to tell your barn help “don’t let the water overflow!!” again!

================



======= Instance Index 1828 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How do you prepare paper for papier mache pulp?

Choice 1: Find old cardboard boxes and make them flat. Cut them with scissors until you have a full bucket of tiny paper pieces.

Choice 2: Find old newspaper or tissue paper from Christmas. Cut them with scissors until you have a full bucket of tiny paper pieces.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 51.7251
Retrieved Text: Papier mache is one of those DIY techniques that everyone knows about and everyone has seen, but not everyone has actually tried making for themselves. Once you’ve got the basic technique down, it’s pretty standard working from there on out. It’s just a matter of finding an idea that you love and figuring out how to achieve the shape you really need!
Check out these 15 awesome papier mache inspiration projects that you can either recreate or build upon, depending on your experience level with the technique.
Have you ever heard of seed bombs? If so, then you’ll have no trouble with this craft! You’re basically using papier mache techniques to create a seed pulp paper cup, the same way you would create a classic paper pulp seed bomb ball. If you have no idea what we’re talking about, don’t panic! There’s a full tutorial on Kids Chaos for you to follow along with and learn from.
Alex Elementary Art guides you through the process of creating awesome chunky block letters using classic papier mache tactics over a frame made of cardboard shapes taped to be 3D. We love the idea of painting them with all types of colours and patterns once the letters are completely dry!
We’re completely in love with these swirling papier mache pencil toppers from Craft Whack because, besides being fun to make and paint, they make the pencils look like giant lollipops! These might be the cutest DIY writing utensils we’ve ever seen.
These hanging bird’s nest scenes by Poppytalk are actually quite easy to make,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.451042
Retrieved Text: Paper is a versatile material from which to create original crafts. Very popular products made in the technique of papier-mâché of toilet paper. These can be toys, decorations or accessories. If the manufacturing technology is not broken, then the things are not only beautiful, but also durable.
Papier-mâché is a method of making paper and glue crafts. There are several techniques of paper crafts, the essence of which boils down to the fact that to enhance the strength of using different options for sticking paper.
The 1st way is that small pieces of paper in several layers are glued to the base. Such a technology for making a basis for handicrafts is called machining, or multi-layer papier-mâché.
The 2nd method involves breaking the paper into individual fibers, mixing it with glue and working with a plastic, well-formed mixture.
The third way is that the paper is crushed, processed by paste and used in this form.
Papier-mache based on toilet paper are usually made Christmas decorations and masks. If you add gouache to the mass of such material, then the basis for further creativity will be colored.
Raw materials for handicrafts made from papier-mâché on the basis of toilet paper turn out to be rather coarse in texture, but it is convenient to form small parts from it. As a binding element, use either glue or paste. In the second case, the mass dries faster and is better impregnated. There are several ways to make papier-mache for creativity.
Put the rolls in a small pan.
Fill with water so that the paper is covered completely.
We

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.841507
Retrieved Text: Here are some supplies including tools, paper mache and books that will get you going in paper mache.
Make your own brilliant paper mache creations with this fun, easy to use kit! Just mix the paper mache with water, and start crafting your own beads, figures, pencil holder, pencil toppers and more! This award-winning kit is great for groups and parties!
You can make lot of beautiful crafts with this Ready-To-Mix Paper Mache activity kit. Just add water, mix, mash, shape, mold and form! It dries overnight, then paint your creations and decorate them with accessories. You can make several things with paper mache, like flowers, a pencil holder, pencil toppers, finger puppets and more! Winner of the Parents' Magazine's Best Toys and Creative Child Magazine Toy of the Year Awards.
Economical Claycrete® is easy to prepare and model, and will not stick to hands or tools. Mix with water and use immediately. When dried at room temperature, finished projects are very lightweight and exceptionally white.
Masquerade in style with Mardi Gras Masks! The Woman Paper Mache Mask is a great addition to any Mardi Gras party. Let your guests design their own venetian party mask! Full face mask. Made of paper mache. White elastic band for easy wear. One size fits most. 6 1/4" across the face and 8 3/4" tall. Make sure your guests are gold, green, and purple from head to toe with great Mardi Gras costume accessories like these. Costume hats, boas, masks and accessories are the way to turn any Mardi Gras party into a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.57595
Retrieved Text: The art of “Papier-mâché” or paper mache goes back to 1725 Europe when the crafty technique appeared as a cheaper simpler alternative to carved wood architectural pieces. The material itself is a composite one, made from different paper pieces or pulp which is bound with adhesives such as glue, starch or wallpaper paste. Sometimes, for extra strength the composition is reinforced with textiles. The material is usually placed over a metallic or wooden armature which dictates the form, which is later on finished with lacquer. The right composition depends on the desired consistency and on the complexity of the project itself. Ultimate Paper Mache offers a list of experimented paper mache compositions from which you can opt for the right one for you.
The technique itself is quite an easy one once you get the hang of it, allowing you to form complex shapes and forms. The process which requires patience and time is a great recreational craft, suitable for young minds and adults alike, a creative method of expressing one’s personality and imagination. Further on we have selected a collection of 40 DIY Paper Mache Ideas To Take On, cast a glance and choose your next weekend project.
What do you think about the colorful and beautiful world of DIY paper mache ideas? Feel free to express yourself in the comment section below.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.88603
Retrieved Text: A hardened material consisting of paper pieces or pulp bound with glue, to create all kinds of fun and useful things. This is a guide about making paper mache.
Can anyone tell me what the recipe is for making paper mache?
I am looking for a good recipe for making paper mache using flour and water. I have tried a recipe on this site but it keeps burning to the bottom of the pan. Any tips or recipes would be appreciated.
I use diluted white glue for my paper mache. I seems to work well.
When I was in school we made paper mache maps. We used liquid starch and toren pieces paper into small piece. When my Daughter was married I made a hot air balloon with strips of newspaper dipped in starch and pur it around a balloon.
They both worked well. Make sur the paper is well soaked. You might try smaal amounts. Use full stength. Let each layer dry thourghly before adding the next one.
Ive always used plain old flour and water, mixed up to a soupy consistancy. Its the cheapest ans simplest way to make the paper mache. Then you just tear strips of newspaper to dip in the bowl. I like to get large oval balloons and then make Pinatas out of them.
I have used several different things. Diluted white glue is the easiest. Flour and water works okay, but sometimes it is floury when completed.
I'm making a project and I am doing paper mache and I need to find out how to do it

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.55655
Retrieved Text: When people are asked a question concerning what they want or dislike, or when they are asked to state what they look at a given topic, the answer will probably be their opinion. An opinion is usually their view or impression, their thoughts, feelings or perhaps conclusions on a particular issue. An opinion does not deal with the idea of right and wrong, correct or incorrect; rather, it deals with people's reasons for thinking that way and how they reached their conclusions. Hence, the name: personal opinion composition. As the writer, you are looking for agreement from the reader, as well as the reader is looking for something which to agree. This is not a research paper based on scientific facts and statistical facts. It is just a relationship built between the publisher and reader, based on personal understanding. Desired Outcome. The specified outcome is that you develop your ability to write clearly and make your opinions understood. You are also expected to reach the specific standard of quality within your writing. Your goal is to express yourself effectively and within the acknowledged parameters of the English words. This personal opinion composition is the first type of article you need to master in writing; in fact, the word essay embodies the style behind personal expression.
Avtohlamu - Image result for paper mache fox mask pst pippin masks props. Image result for paper mache fox mask image result for paper mache fox mask. 18 best paper mache fox images foxes, red fox, drawings. I like to call this

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.269444
Retrieved Text: When my daughters were given some creative homework to do based on the book Oliver And The Sea Wigs (Amazon UK, Amazon US), Ra chose to create this beautiful Mermaid Collage.
We covered a canvas with a mix of blue and green water based paint (ready mix and poster paint). I’m teaching my girls to use a mix of colours to create backgrounds at the moment and they’ve grasped it really well. Ra blended painted stripes of colour using the wide and thin side of the brush making sure she went down the sides of the canvas as well. It was then left to dry whilst we collected together some other materials to make the collage with.
Next we mixed up some ready made papier mache pulp and with a little guidance from me she carefully applied blobs of it on top of the canvas using a knife. Then it was left to dry. The pulp will leave white marks if you drop it n the wrong place and remove it and depending on the size of the blob it can take a way the paint if you use water based like we did. Because of this I get my girls to always work out from the middle. So we started with the tummy went down to the tail then up to the head and finally did the arms. I love how she gave her a nice full body.
Papier mache pulp is fine paper dust ready mixed with a dry adhesive. You make it up a bit like

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.175488
Retrieved Text: #AP101 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Brontosaurus 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
Decopatch marries the fashion flair of French textile designs to high quality decoupage paper. The paper is ultra thin, super strong and flexible, so it can be applied seamlessly to any shape or surface.
Each piece of Decopatch Papier-Mache is solid, not hollow inside, and does not require priming before apply paper.
#AP106 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Camel 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP110 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Bear 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP114 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Tropical fish 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
Each piece of Decopatch Papier-Mache is solid, not hollow inside and does not require priming before apply paper.
#AP583 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Cat 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP585 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Dog 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP586 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Lion 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP596 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Stegosaurus 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP599 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Hen 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP604 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Dolphin 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP607 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Elephant 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP608 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Giraffe 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP613 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Cow 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP614 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Pig 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP619 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Turtle 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP625 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Crocodile 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP108 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Trotting Horse 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP112 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Seal 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP116 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Salamander 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP117 Decopatch Animal Figurines Papier-Mache Penguin 4 to 5 "	Decopatch"
#AP136 Decopatch Accessories Papier-Mache Spider 4 to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.791096
Retrieved Text: How do you make the face of a lion with paper mache? How do you make a papier mache model of a human heart? What paper airplanes fly furthest? Does dappy from n-dubz have a girlfriend? How do you make paper shurikens?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.674435
Retrieved Text: Learn how to make a papier mache skull by first learning how to mix papier mache and then how to make a jaw bone. Part 2 of this informative craft how to for making a cool papier mache skull starts with building from the jaw bone in part 1 the project continues with the making of the skull. Part three shows the details, sculpting, painting and completion of this cool papier mache craft project.
How To: Make a paper mache "fishwichwich"

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.446518
Retrieved Text: Papier-mâché (pap-yay mash-ay) or paper mâché (paper mash-ay) is an easy to make, hard material that can be used to cover various surfaces. It is often used in arts and crafts to make various sculptures, fruit bowls, puppets, dolls and much more. The surface is easy to paint, allowing you to add patterns, bright colors, and interesting designs to your finished product. This article details how to make the basic papier mâché that can be used for any project that you have in mind.
Tear the newspaper into long strips. The ideal width would be around one inch (2.5 cm) thick, but each project requires different shapes and sizes. In addition, you will want to go around your project three times, so tear quite a pile. Don't opt for the scissors -- a torn edge blends better than a cut edge.
There is no wrong size your strips could be. In fact, if you want to add volume to your structure by molding the strips, you will need different sizes. So tear away freely.
Choose your method to make papier mâché. A few slight variations will result in the same product. Use what you have at your disposal.
Glue mixture: Pour 2 parts white glue and one part water into a mixing bowl. These quantities can be changed to suit the size of your project. Or, if you have a stronger bonding glue, 1 part white glue and 1 part water will do the trick.
Flour mixture: Combine 1 part flour with 1 part water. Easy as pie!
For super large and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.238373
Retrieved Text: tweens and teens to do, like break out the tie-dye and make best friend bracelets. Kids Crafts Basics, cute Owl Pinecone Craft for Kids. Kids Crafts Basics, beading Project for Kids, kids Crafts Basics 10 Steps to Making Paper Fans for Kids. For rounder or hollow shapes, try using those old balloons that are stashed away from the last birthday party. Other items that are useful for forming a base include chicken wire, newspaper, shoe boxes, and paper towel rolls. You can also use supplies as simple as cardboard and masking tape to design almost anything. 1 piece per package. Kids Crafts Basics 10 of the Best Play Dough Recipes for Your Kids. The Chinese would make helmets toughened with layers of lacquer while the Americans made paper boats. Today, paper mache is a fun craft that&apos;s appropriate for all ages and is even included in strategy video games like. Kids Crafts Basics, how to Plan. (1) Part 1 of 9 - How to Make a surreal paper mache hand, (2) Part 2 of 9 - How to Make a surreal paper mache hand, (3) Part 3 of 9 - How to Make a surreal paper mache hand, (4) Part. Alternatively, they can try creating a wall ornament to fit the theme of their home, whether a whale for ocean lovers or a bear for laid back country dwellers. If you&apos;re looking for ideas for creepy decorations to make for your next Halloween party, or just want to have a little fun, you can use papier

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.49017
Retrieved Text: The Easter celebration is another great excuse to do some paper craft with your children!
Creative cup cake case craft for candy!
A simple shape to decorate and then it makes a perfect egg holder.
A very cute craft that is great for Easter treats.
Something very cool for older children to craft up for Easter.
A simple idea that can be decorated in any way you like.
Super simple paper craft for Easter – super handy too!
Is it an Easter bag or an Easter bunny?
Make a perfectly Easter sized Papier Mache Easter Egg with this method.
Take a simple tube and make a happy hoppy family.
Use some concertina folds to make an Easter basket.
The moving parts on this happy chick will be a hit.
My daughter taught me this very cool Easter Egg Card Craft.
A great paper craft for dads! Try an egg version of the paper tumbler for Easter.
These are easy to make and we will be making them in our family for the morning Easter gifts.
See the tutorial – Starbox Tutorial or Worksheet – How to make a Starbox PDF.
Easter bunny will have lots of help with these very cute and easy to make origami bunnies. See the Origami Bunny Tutorial or download the free PDF Worksheet – Origami Bunny.
A papier mache egg to hide treats in. Made in two halves with layers of newspaper and finished with tissue paper and a ribbon to close it. See the Papier Mache Egg Tutorial, or the PDF Worksheet – Papier Mache Egg.
This can be a super quick activity if you are using already

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.415413
Retrieved Text: the rest aside. Use larger feathers at the outer edges, then smaller feathers as you get closer to the eyes. Place the two curved cones together so that one of the curved cones hangs over the other, then tape the openings of the cones together using masking tape. Glue fringe strip to mask: Apply glue stick to the underside of fringe strip at the folded edge. Do not remove the elastic bands from the hats, which you can use to wear the parrot beak. Using glue stick, affix them, one at a time, behind the first fringe strip, working around mask until you reach the outer edge. Paint a 2-inch long section of black at the tip of the beak. Tear newspaper into strips that each measure 1 inch wide and 3 inches long. Glue feathers in place around eyes (notched sides pointing out) using glue stick. White, pink and black acrylic paint. Dip the strips one at a time into the papier-mache mixture, then cover the curved cone form with the papier-mache strips. Apply four layers of papier-mache strips, then allow the form to dry for six hours. Cut out 16 feathers using template. Paint the parrot beak using orange acrylic paint, then allow the paint to dry for 20 minutes. When you are putting together a parrot costume for a costume party, for a theatrical production or for Halloween, you can make the costume more believable and whimsical best by using a parrot beak mask to go over your nose and mouth. Posterboard or

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.88193
Retrieved Text: Paperclay - My First Experiences!
Paperclay results: I started by using a type of Dry (powdered) Paperclay call "Paperdur". Oops! It looked pretty much like how I wanted it to after I'd finish shaping it, but, to my horror, by morning my figurine looked like a dried up prune! No matter how much I tried to sand it, it just didn't work out.
I'm not sure whether it's just me - I might have mixed too much water in it - but I can shape Paperdur rather too easily and it was damp and squidgy throughout the sculpt.
After that I did a bit more research and found that most paperclay (that requires water) takes serious skills to get the consistency right and most of the time it is lumpy after it has dried.
So I guess for beginners like me, it's best to start off with the Creative Paperclay. To create my figures I've used what most artists seemed to be using: "Creative paperclay" from www.paperclay.com. It's very smooth and super lovely to work with.
The first lot of figurines are drying well pretty well. There were some tiny cracks in hard to reach area, but it was quite easy to fix them with some water.
It's very easy to smooth paper clay with water. You can keep on re-wetting the paperclay until you are happy with it, even after bone dry. I guess that is the beauty of paperclay and that's why I didn't go for Das or polymer clay.
too brittle to use to model small pieces as it kept

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.714256
Retrieved Text: Have hours of fun creating these two papier mache cows. The perfect school holiday craft activity. Suitable for children age 7+. These cows are enjoyed by children and adults alike....you're never too old to play with papier mache!
This paper pet kit makes two papier mache cows and is the perfect kit for children and adults to do together.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.50408
Retrieved Text: How to make a paper mache turtle First, prepare your materials ready to make the paper mache turtles. It’s easy to make homemade glue by mixing flour with water in a large mixing bowl.... 14/06/2012 · The Best Paper Mache Paste Recipe 2 Use Hands down this is the best paper mache paste recipe to create all your paper mache projects. It is non toxic and requires no cooking, which I love the most.
Paper Mache Masks Making paper mache masks is a great way to pass the time when looking for fun and interesting activities to enjoy with the kids. Not only is it quite easy to create paper mache masks at home, but it also uses common household items in the process.... Warning : if your children have coelic disease make sure you use gluten free flour. I can remember covering a carton with paper mache. We covered it with strips of newspaper first, then use pictures from magazines which Mum had been given.
There are many ways to make paper mache paste but these two are the easiest. To make flour paste, mix one part flour with two parts water. To make a glue paste, mix one part water with two to... Warning : if your children have coelic disease make sure you use gluten free flour. I can remember covering a carton with paper mache. We covered it with strips of newspaper first, then use pictures from magazines which Mum had been given.
Paper mache (also spelt papier mache) is a craft sculpting medium that

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.687916
Retrieved Text: DIY Paper Mache Bowls Today I am showing you how I made my DIY paper mache bowl. I saw beautiful paper mache bowls at a booth at an art show and I couldn�t believe what the artist was charging for them, but now that I have tried to make them, I know why she was charging that much!... 30/04/2018�� Cut the construction paper 2 to 3 inches wide and long enough to make it around the entire balloon. Glue the construction paper ring around each planet. Glue the construction paper ring around each planet.
So, I mixed some white paint with the Mod Podge (or you could use an acrylic medium) and gave the whole thing a single, semi-transparent coat that still allows the text to show through and highlights the paper mache texture. And...... DIY Paper Mache Bowls Today I am showing you how I made my DIY paper mache bowl. I saw beautiful paper mache bowls at a booth at an art show and I couldn�t believe what the artist was charging for them, but now that I have tried to make them, I know why she was charging that much!
How to Make a Moon Model With Paper Mache. Papier mache makes a fairly accurate medium for a moon model, as the uneven way the paper dries mimics the surface of Papier mache makes a fairly accurate medium for a moon model, as the uneven way the paper dries mimics the surface of how to make xylitol candy 20/06/2014�� Heat makes paper mache products shrink

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.47233
Retrieved Text: The children make small figures with papier mâché pulp and then use paint to turn them into delightful characters. For ages 6 to 9. Plan 2 to 3 sessions.
Note: To prepare papier mâché pulp, rip newspapers into roughly 1-inch pieces, cover with water, bring to a boil, and simmer for an hour. Turn off the heat and let sit overnight. Put wet newspaper and water into a blender in small batches to make a mash. Squeeze out excess water. Mix wheat paste to a very thick consistency. With your hands, blend enough of the wheat paste into the newspaper to produce pulp the consistency of stiff mashed potatoes. Press the pulp between your fingers to work out any lumps. Two full sheets of newspaper, approximately 23 x 27 inches, will make enough pulp for three small figures. The pulp can be stored in a refrigerator for several days.
Prepare papier mâché pulp and set out one lemon-sized ball for each child.
Write the children’s names with permanent marker on small pieces of newspaper to attach to the bottoms of the completed figures.
Cover an area with waxed paper for drying the figures.
Explain to the children that they will be making figures of people with papier mâché pulp which is a combination of newspapers and paste that has been mixed in a blender. The clay-like pulp becomes very hard when it is dried. Tell the children that they will be making the figures three-dimensional or viewable from all sides.
Demonstrate how to build with papier mâché pulp. Explain that the base

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.370003
Retrieved Text: “Petals - Patchwork” A handcrafted, papier-mache mirror. A captivating display of vibrant hues designs this mirror. Artist signed. Glass mirror. Size: 16" dia x 8.5 inside mirror x 3/4 thick. Made in USA.
“Wheel - Black & White Color Study” A monochromatic patchwork technique designs this substantial papier-mache mirror. Glass mirror. Artist signed statement. Size: 19" dia. x 13.5" inside mirror x 1" thick.
“Wind - Patchwork” A papier-mache mirror. A captivating display of vibrant hues and an eye-catching design is the perfect accessory for the imaginative child in your life. The “Patchwork” technique is a vivid mosaic of mix and match colors, shapes and sizes of colored paper, both plain and patterned. Glass mirror. Artist signed. Made in USA. Size: 19" dia. x 9.75" inside mirror x 1" thick.
“Four Points - Emerging Nations” A reproduction of one of the U.S.’ first published maps, following the Revolutionary War. Published in 1784. *Please NOTE: No two pieces are alike. Different sections of the maps may be used for each mirror frame.
“Petals - Neutral Color Study” A hand-crafted papier-mache mirror designed with neutral colored papers, plain & patterned. Glass mirror. Artist signed. Made in USA. Size: 16" dia. x 8.5" inside mirror dia. x 3/4" thick.
“Petals - Green Color Study” A hand-crafted papier-mache mirror, designed with green colored paper, plain & patterned. Artist signed. Made in USA. Glass mirror. Size: 16" dia. x 8.5" inside mirror x 3/4 thick.
“Wheel - Neutral Color Study” A handcrafted papier-mache mirror. A captivating display of neutral colored papers, plain & patterned. Glass mirror. Artist

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.702568
Retrieved Text: Make this paper mache Ganesha mask to decorate your walls this festive season. An eclectic piece, this can be still be the focal point of your décor much after the festivities are over too.
Take white paper, tear them into pieces and add some water and Fevicol MR in it in an appropriate proportion to make the papier mache dough.
Take any oval shaped medium sized bowl, grease it well by using a little amount of oil. Pat the papier mache all over it evenly. Make a trunk shape and attach it to the oval shape by merging the papier mache neatly at one end of the bowl.
Make big ears for Lord Ganesha separately, further to be attached to the face.
Leave the mask to dry for about 2 to 3 days. It will take the shape of the bowl. When the face has semi dried attach and stick the ears appropriately with Fevicol MR.
Remove the papier mache face from the bowl after drying. Refer to the image.
Draw and cut the petal shaped eyes from the mask with a sharp paper cutter.
After the face has dried, stick the tissue paper all over from the front and the rear sides of the mask to make it stronger using Fevicol MR.
Paint the paper mask with Acrylic Colour - Black 02.
Draw a doodle design all over on the mask with a white pencil.
3D Cone Outliner Non Sticky Pearl - Cherry Red 316 and 3D Cone Outliner Non Sticky Pearl Metallic - Gold 352.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.59178
Retrieved Text: With a little imagination, you can make a simple dinosaur hat for a child using papier-mache and an assortment of paper, cardboard or pieces of styrofoam. It does take a couple of days for papier-mache to dry. You can let your child use that time by thinking up designs for the hat by drawing pictures of dinosaurs, looking through dinosaur books and coming up with ideas of what scrap materials to use to make the dinosaur hat look as realistic or as imaginative as possible.
Decide on a dinosaur for your hat. Triceratops, T-Rex, and raptors are only three of a nearly endless number of choices.
Blow up a balloon to about the same size as the child's head. This will be the mould for the dinosaur hat.
Tear pieces of newspaper into strips about 1 inch wide and 6 inches in length.
Make a papier-mache paste by mixing one cup of water with a cup of flour. Add 4 cups of boiling water. Mix the paste for three or four minutes until the paste is of a gluey consistency.
Put the balloon on its side on a table.
Soak the strips of newspaper into the paste and place them on the balloon. Continue putting papier-mache strips onto the balloon until the top side of the balloon is covered with a layer of paper.
Apply two more layers of papier-mache onto the balloon. Let the hat dry on the balloon for two or three days.
Remove the hat by popping the balloon. Trim the hat with scissors. Decorate the hat according to the type

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.553627
Retrieved Text: This was the first free-standing piece I did, using a chicken-wire mesh base and building the pulp paper mache over it.
This is a well worked piece. That medium isn't the easiest to manipulate, and you show a knack for it here. Your cat sure seems to want to know more about this strange silent critter ;) I work with plaster a lot, but never have done much with paper except to make it and work on it.
Thanks Colorme.........it was fun to make.
Thanks for your kind words too Sass. You're quite right, it's not the easiest of mediums but there are virtually no art supply stores here - so what with necessity being the mother of invention an' all, you have to make do with what's available and there's always lots of newpaper!
or onto wood as in this big mirror frame.
I paint it with a layer of PVA glue when it's thoroughly dry before painting it with acrylic paints and glueing on beads or whatever. Then seal it with acrylic varnish.
They're ALL beautiful!!! I'm especially taken with the mirror! Do you have any problems with the paper mache not stcking to the mirror? Obviously it's there but do you do anyhting to prep the mirror before applying the mache? I've been having a bit of fun exploring this medium myself and have a lot of questions!
Thanks Cheryl, glad you like the mirror :) I find that as long as I paint a thick coat of PVA adhesive onto whatever I want the paper mache pulp to stick

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.887424
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 08:17:21 am at 04/22/2019 08:17:21 am in Paper Covering.
paper covering contact paper over tile floor new arrival self adhesive wood grain floor contact paper covering removable paper mache.
contact paper covering for windows,paper covering of a piece of food crosswords,paper covering of a piece of food crossword quiz,paper machine manufacturer,paper covering windows,papier machine définition,paper covering for windows,paper covering of a piece of food crossword basic,paper machine fourdrinier,papier machine couleur et enveloppes couleur,paper mache nativty set.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.661594
Retrieved Text: Students can make penguins using paper mache pulp and recycled drinking bottles.
penguins, South Pole, feathers, fish, ice, black, white, birds, swim, fly, tuxedo, sculpture, 3-dimensional, additive sculpture, paper mache, feathers, fur, antarctica, rookery.
Students will learn about penguins – where they live, what they eat. They will also learn about the shape of a penguin. Did you know that there are 17 species of penguins?
Students will create a penguin using a juice bottle and paper mache.
Students will learn to appreciate the art created not only by them, but by others as well.
Pictures and/or books about penguins.
Water based paint (black, white and red).
Give each child a yogurt container with paper mache pulp in it.
Have the children put small amounts of the mix on the juice bottle until the entire bottle is covered.
Put a ball of paper mache pulp on the top of the juice bottle to make a head.
Let the penguin dry for 12 to 24 hours.
When dry, kids can paint their penguin and put him on display.
Take the opportunity to talk about penguins and where they live. Do they have feathers or fur? Do they eat fish? Can they fly?
Make paper mache pulp by placing several sheets of newspaper (torn into tiny pieces) into a blender or food processor with some water. Strain the pulp using a colander or sieve. Mix the pulp with one tablespoon or more of white glue.
Take shredded paper or newspaper, 1 quart of hot water, a microwave safe bowl, spoon, colander or wire strainer, 1 cup of wallpaper paste or one cup

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.20865
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Mark's gallery! Simply click on the item that you are interested in below to see an enlarged picture and information.
Welcome to my papier mache gallery; thank you for taking the time to view the fruits of my labors!
The bulk of my work consists of video game characters, and creatures/monsters in particular. Generally, the more hideous something is, the better I like it. Skeletons, ghosts, goblins, beasts, demons, you name it, I'm into it. I'm the kind of person that finds Dungeons & Dragons Monster Manuals exciting recreational reading material. Any video game that lets you collect/catalog critters, ideally in a digital bestiary, is like crack cocaine to me. Toys are also a lifelong passion of mine, indeed, I would say my view of sculpting/modeling is very toy-centric--this manifests itself in my work in several ways, most notably in regards to scale and articulation.
I'm largely self-taught when it comes to sculpting. I learned the most basic techniques in elementary school art classes (pinch pots, snakes, etc.), the bulk of the rest I picked up through experimentation and practice, with the occasional trick from a book, fellow artist, or online resource mixed in.
The primary material components of my figures are newsprint, tissue paper, and white glue. I also use plastic, metal, and other items on occasion, but I generally try to keep things "pure" by crafting things out of paper products whenever possible. I also make extensive use of a woodburner as a sculpting/smoothing/drying tool. When I make articulated figures, the joints are usually wire twist

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.67971
Retrieved Text: An epitome of native craftsmanship took shape in several humble homes amidst the very hearts of Kashmir several years ago. Born in Persia was this delicate and decorative art of Paper mache. This Persian art blended with the rich and exotic Indian art and soon became the folk art of Kashmir.
‘Papier Mache’ or Paper Mache is derived from French meaning ‘chewed paper’. This form of art is also a perfect example of eco-friendly and sustainable creativity. Waste paper is efficiently transformed into these exquisite masterpieces.
Mache is a mixture of paper pulp and an adhesive made from rice which are then moulded to form these beautiful jewellery boxes. Though the process is simple, yet it consumes a lot of time and human labour to reach perfection.
This art is normally cultured indigenously in the modest homes of these artisans and their refined skills are passed on from one generation to another.
There are several aspects to the design of a paper mache piece of art. First comes the creation of the mould – Sakhtsazi, followed by the next step Naqashi which essentially involves the intricate hand-painting of charming motifs. The designs represent various elements of nature like birds, flowers and often historical figures, hunting and battle scenes.
The colours used to paint the jewellery boxes are organic and vegetable based with high mineral content thus giving it an illuminated and dimensional feel. However, in the recent times, such colors are slowly being replaced by the modern-day poster colours and paints.
There are many designs and motifs that enhance the beauty of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.5805
Retrieved Text: Hold on! Don`t throw away all that scrap paper! Here is how to make paper mache pulp from it!
You can do a lot with this clay and it`s easy to make. Here is the recipe.
Shred old letters, bills and anything that doesn`t have a shiny or semi-matte finish. If the scrap is coated with polyethylene, silicone, or wax, it will be water resistant and make your pulp feel like there are little plastic bits in it.
I obtained my material from a local office. They were pleased to get rid of it and depending on what color the shredding was, it made an interesting combination to the finished product.
Collect at least a large pot full of shedding. You can shred the paper by hand if you do not have a shredder but the smaller the pieces are the better and smoother the clay will be. I use hand-ripped strips for when I am making paper mache puppet heads or bowls and containers.
Once you have filled the pot, add water to cover it and bring it to the boil. Turn it down and simmer for about 1 hour. This "cooking" helps to break down the paper and lessens the soaking time. I leave it overnight to soak and cool.
Squeeze out most of the water but not so much that the pulp feels dry. Break up the lumps with your fingers just like you would when making dough. Once you have done that add the PVA (Elmer`s) glue.
There is no hard and fast rule to how much glue you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.22924
Retrieved Text: This section presents boxes decorated with Fedoskino paintings.
Artistic panel with the Portrait of Lenin V. I.
Panel picture materials: papier mache, oil painting, lacquer. Artist Filin V. A., 1967Dimensions: 14..
Box materials: papier mache, oil painting, leaf gold, lacquer.Dimensions: 156*112*51In Russia, as a ..
This Box is made of: papier mache, oil painting, gold leaf, lacquer.67*58*27In Russia, as a kind of ..
Box materials: papier mache, oil painting, lacquer.Dimensions: 90*65*41In Russia, as a kind of art,..
Box materials: papier mache, oil painting, lacquer.Dimensions:156*112*51In Russia, as a kind of art,..
This Box is made of: papier mache, oil painting, lacquer.size: 115*74*28In Russia, as a kind of art,..
This Box is made of: papier mache, oil painting, lacquer.size: 156*112*51In Russia, as a kind of art..
Box materials: papier mache, oil painting, leaf gold, mother-of-pearl, lacquer.Dimensions: 155*112*5..
Box materials: papier mache, oil painting, lacquer.Dimensions: 178*135*62In Russia, as a kind of ar..
Box materials: papier mache, oil painting, mother-of-pearl, lacquer.Dimensions: 156*112*51In Russia,..
Box materials: papier mache, oil painting, lacquer.Dimensions: 156*112*51In Russia, as a kind of art..
Box dimensions: 156*112*51 mmBox materials: papier mache, oil painting, lacquer.In Russia, as a kind..
Box materials: papier mache, oil painting, leaf gold, mother-of-pearl, lacquer.Dimensions: 175*135*6..

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.197845
Retrieved Text: I hope everyone here in Canada had a relaxing Thanksgiving weekend.
I made these squirrels 2 weeks ago with a Grade 1 class.
Take your paper roll and stuff with a newspaper page. Squash another page of newspaper into an oval shape. Tape this to one end of the paper tube with masking tape. I have it angling out to look like a head.
Put a few pieces of masking tape over other end of paper tube to keep newspaper inside.
Cut 2 legs out of cardboard. They are about half as tall as the cardboard tube. The foot comes out and they are straight on the bottom.
Take your pipe cleaner and make 2 loops at both ends twisting the pipe cleaner onto itself. It ends up being approximately 7" or 15cm.
For Grade 1, I did this prep ahead of time for them. Older grades (grade 3 and up) could do this for themselves.
Set up your workspace for papier mache. We worked on top of a piece of wax paper.
Get your glue and water mixture going and hand out some paper towel strips to everyone.
I learned this great tip from the art of education, I made up a newspaper strip for each child with their name on it. When they were finished their papier mache they stuck on the strip. Great for keeping track of every one's work.
Dip your strips in the glue mixture and start covering your paper roll armature.
I asked the kids to cross the strips. We added a belly to the front.
Put on that name strip.
Add a

================



======= Instance Index 1166 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How can you keep your taco shell crispy when building your tacos?

Choice 1: Place cheese in the taco before any of the other fillings, it will form a shield over the shell and protect it from moisture in other fillings.

Choice 2: Place sauce in the taco before any of the other fillings, it will form a shield over the shell and protect it from moisture in other fillings.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 51.460655
Retrieved Text: Though some, more puritanical eaters may clutch their pearls at the sight of it, when you break it down, the Naked Chicken Chalupa is just a fried chicken cutlet with a salad inside.... Chicken and black beans folded inside a corn tortilla and fried to make hard shell tacos!
Southern fried chicken tacos recipe. Learn how to cook great Southern fried chicken tacos . Crecipe.com deliver fine selection of quality Southern fried chicken tacos recipes equipped with ratings, reviews and mixing tips.... Fried Rolled Chicken Tacos Recipe I�m a huge fan of tacos, taquitos, burritos�pretty much anything you can wrap in a tortilla or taco shell. These deep fried rolled chicken tacos are perfect for when you want something a little different from the standard taco!
So I bet this fried chicken tacos would work well, too. And girl, you sounds like you need to improve your oil + taco making skills. haha. And girl, you sounds like you need to improve your oil + taco �... I love fried food and then there�s my love for tacos. I know a lot of people shy away from making fried food because they�re greasy. These really aren�t greasy and they�re pretty simple to make.
Chicken and black beans folded inside a corn tortilla and fried to make hard shell tacos!... I was pretty disappointed in this recipe--I really was excited to make it, but sad it didn't turn out well. I'll stick to getting my crispy tacos at a Mexican restaurant instead. I'll stick to getting my crispy tacos at

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.593758
Retrieved Text: Crispy baked tacos filled with beans, spicy chicken, lots of cheese, and your favorite toppings!
Hi friends! Last week was quiet around here, but there’s a good reason, I promise. Ok, maybe not a good reason, but a reason. I caught one heck of a cold, that we only just determined was a cold yesterday. This one was a doozy and pretty much took me out of commission for an entire week. It was loads of fun, let me tell you. But, I’m finally on the upside of things and getting back into the swing of my regular routine. You know, being back at work, blogging, not feeling like I’m dying. That sort of thing. Now if only my taste would come back – it’s been gone for 5 days now – I’d be a pretty happy camper.
But for those of you whose taste buds have not forsaken you, I have the most amazing taco recipe to share with you today!!
I have made these tacos so many times, I’ve lost count. They are easily one of our favorite tacos. And with as many tacos as I’ve made, that’s saying something. Usually our tacos are of the soft taco variety, but these crispy chicken tacos are perfect. I remember back in high school, when a Taco Bell opened up (this was a big deal in my little town, y’all) and we used to go there for lunch all.the.time. And I would always get the crispy taco meal. Three crispy tacos all delicious and wonderful. Or so I thought

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.415054
Retrieved Text: Are you craving Tacos but tired of the same ol’ boring taco’s? Switch it up with these delicious Cheesy Baked Tacos! HORMEL® TACO MEATS Beef Crumbles, Beans, Olives and Rotel Tomatoes all baked in a crunchy corn taco shell! Add your favorite toppings to make this meal a fiesta in every bite!
You can have dinner on the table in under 20 minutes! How awesome is that? Have your toppings ready for everyone to make their delicious and creative taco.
I love Cholula, Cilantro and avocado on my Easy Cheesy Baked Tacos!
Easy Cheesy Baked Tacos with Hormel Taco Meats, beans, olives, tomatoes and lots of cheese all baked in a crunchy corn taco shell!
In a large bowl, combine HORMEL® TACO MEATS Beef Crumbles, refried beans, Rotel, olives. Set aside.
In a baking pan, line up stand up corn tortilla shells.
Stuff each corn tortilla with 2 tablespoons of meat mixture. Top with grated cheese.
Bake in oven for 10 minutes until shells are crispy and cheese is melty.
This post is sponsored by Hormel. All opinions are mine as always. Follow Hormel for more recipe ideas!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.340748
Retrieved Text: Tacos, Tacos, Tacos, Tacos. You don't need anything else- just tacos! This funny womens tshirt is a perfect addition to your Cinco de Mayo wardrobe. Just add a sombrero, some delicious tacos and you're all set! Celebrate your love for Mexican food on May 5th (or any other day of the year!) in this cute womens tee. This super soft heather gray or navy tee will coordinate perfectly with the red salsa, yellow cheese, crunchy green lettuce and crispy taco shell of that delicious taco you will be eating on Taco Tuesday! YUM!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.5283
Retrieved Text: Why Wouldn't You Want A Dinosaur To Hold Your Tacos?
The world can be a bleak and unforgiving place, but there are bright spots. Such a spot exists in the form of this kitchen tool that nobody really needs — but everyone deserves — known as Tricerataco.
Though some may decry him as a silly, single-use kitchen accessory, I would urge those naysayers to reconsider, and take a look at how selflessly and bravely he performs his noble, taco-carrying duties.
No topping is too heavy.
He's also great at parties.
Definitely a real photo of Tricerataco at a party that was not Photoshop'd.
If you can think of a better (and more charming) way to keep your crispy-shell tacos upright, with their toppings safely insides, I'm happy to hear it, but I think I'll be waiting a long time. Oh, and if crispy shells ain't your bag, I think this little guy would do a bang up job keeping a Naked Chicken Chalupa vertical, and that alone makes him worth our while. Basically, I love the Tricerataco and will accept no criticism of him.
I personally think these hard-shelled tacos are just Mexico's joke on the rest of us.
Not only are the hard to fill and keep filled, as soon as you bite into them the entire shell shatters into a thousand pieces spilling the contents everywhere anyway.
Meanwhile, Mexicans are quietly sniggering in the background at the poor gringos trying to each their food.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.49839
Retrieved Text: We’re declaring today, Taco Wednesday! Because lets face it- you can never have too many tacos. Especially with the variety of options offered at Revolution Taco. This restaurant at 20th and Walnut Street off Rittenhouse Square is the fast casual concept of Carolyn Nguyen and Michael Sultan, two food truck owners from Street Food Philly, Taco Mondo and Say Cheese Philadelphia. They met while working together for Peach Tree Catering before starting their business. Now the group runs thier own 33rd Street Hospitality Catering.
There didn’t seem to be a great taco spot for traditional or non-traditional tacos, so Taco Mondo started in 2012 and the duo quickly realized the demand, and saw an opportunity to expand their businesses. Together they decided to create Revolution Taco. Inside this renovated rowhome diners are greeted with bright yellow walls and a plywood display of glass canisters containing select spices that have even been added to the collection by customers. High-top chairs and tables allow diners to see the kitchen setup and watch food preparation if not staring out the big storefront window and people watching.
What sets these tacos apart is a classically trained chef approach, using the taco shell as a vehicle to create unique global flavors. The team behind Revolution Taco is using their combined 25 years of restaurant and catering experience to bring the city of Philadelphia a seasonal, ingredient inspired, fresh, exciting twist on tacos. The restaurant is BYOB which is a plus, but one let down is that at this time customers aren’t able to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.744095
Retrieved Text: If I knew where to find that upside down exclamation point on this keyboard, I’d be using it a lot right now.
It’s not exactly a restaurant, not a Qsr, just the trappings of a good diner, great food, great drinks and ambience. There’s no secret basement tequila dungeon, nor is there a VW bus parked inside. There’s no guy with a salsa cart, and i have yet to see anyone in their staff wear a lucha libre mask. This place is simply all of the usual suspects about Mexican food served in a lively restaurant with killer drinks.
So this is the first time a chain restaurant is being featured on Damnfinelife. The reason – Gaurav Burman, essentially the brainchild behind creating – Taco Bell Plus. Businessman / entrepreneur and Director at Burman Hospitality – Gaurav Burman, who decided to take over the sort of ailing Taco Bell India, in his own hands and reintroduce it in a nouvelle and new avatar as –Taco Bell Plus.
Ankush Tuli – Managing Director Taco Bell, India since 2015, with his years of experience and out of the box ideas kick started this unique growth, and has been crucial and successful in making Taco Bell Plus a dignified brand.
Taco Bell Plus is an upscale version of diner. It’s a space run by a team of super dedicated people who truly care about their craft and their customers. It is under-the-radar, and yet the people who know, know. That’s how it is. Well, now you know.
Taco Bell Plus, a first for the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.43262
Retrieved Text: These simple crunchy (corn-free) taco shells are super easy to make. I fill them with seasoned grass-fed beef, wilted cabbage, pickled onions or kraut, and avocado, always avocado. This recipe was featured in my first low starch cookbook called “Pure and Simple Paleo” which I am in the process of rewriting to be an even more phenomenal and delicious healing foods cookbook! Now that I have healed my gut, my outlook on gut healing recipes has evolved, and I felt like the book needed a tune-up. Stay tuned… ♥ And until then, let’s eat some autoimmune paleo approved tacos!!
If you don’t have coconut wraps on hand, feel free to turn this recipe into a taco salad! See photo below for the taco salad version.
Super satisfying AIP Paleo tacos in a crispy crunchy taco shell. Ready from start to finish in under 20 minutes!
Heat up a medium sauté pan over medium high heat, add in a little cooking oil. When oil is hot add in the ground beef.
Add in garlic, spices (and coconut aminos).
As the beef cooks, break it up into smaller pieces using a spatula.
Cooking time will be around 10 minutes, or until meat is no longer pink.
Wilted Cabbage: Mix shredded cabbage, lime juice, honey, pinch of sea salt together in a bowl. Let rest while taco meat cooks.
To make mini starch-free paleo taco shells as pictured I cut the large size coconut wrap into 4 squares, broil about 30 seconds, remove from oven, then fold over and rest the taco shell with something 3/4” wide

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.38634
Retrieved Text: Word is out about Salsa Grille. Known for their crunchy tacos, delicious meats, and wide range of salsa options, we know that they live up to their name. However, they are more than just tacos and salsa. If you love to keep it healthy and have a thing for salads, we recommend their Fiesta Taco Salad. Loaded with whatever you want to add to it, their salads are large enough to fill you up but not too big to leave you feeling overwhelmed. This salad can include large crispy tortilla shell, lettuce and choice of beans, meat, fresh salsa, queso fresca, guacamole, sour cream & signature dressing choice of Red Chili Caesar or Tomatillo Lime Ranch. Count on Salsa grille for freshness and flavor. Count on Waiter on the Way for a speedy delivery. Place your order today!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.35228
Retrieved Text: They were playing “My Favorite Things” from The Sound of Music, only in light-rock fashion.
But how does this relate to food and tacos, you ask? After perusing the art walk for a bit, Chanda and I stopped in to Estrella’s Taqueria so she could grab a late dinner. She got a Super Taco, and was raving about it the entire time she was eating. I swore I’d go back one day and get a taco of my very own.
Luckily I didn’t have to wait too long. Two days later I found myself in Estrella’s again, and there was no question what I was going to order.
I ordered a Regular Taco (not a big sour cream fan), which consisted of salsa, grilled chicken, two soft tortillas, and cilantro. Also, it was perfect. The tomatoes in the salsa were so refreshing against the grilled chicken, which was grilled well and wasn’t burnt. They didn’t skimp on anything. In fact, I could have used three tortillas instead of the two they gave me to hold all of the other ingredients! My taco kind of exploded. Whoops. That’s what forks are for?
Nick got the Spicy Fish Tacos, with fresh lettuce and the spiciest salsa ever! They were quite delicious. If you’re not a spice wimp like I am, you’ll love these. They were demolished very quickly.
I would definitely recommend Estrella’s to anyone craving Mexican. They’re super affordable, use fresh ingredients, and don’t put any mystery fish sauce on your tacos. Bonus points: when you’re done eating, you’re in an awesome

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.070248
Retrieved Text: Get ready for a fiesta on Oct. 4 because that day marks a special holiday for foodies: National Taco Day. Mark your calendars and dive into our list of South Florida restaurants offering some of the best tacos around town.
The casual dining chain Cabo Flats Cantina & Tequila Bar will feature $2 and $3 taco deals all day long. We recommend the Carnitas Tacos with braised pork, grilled pineapple, red onion, cilantro and lime, or the Crispy Tuna Tacos, served in a wonton shell topped with yellowfin tuna, avocado, pickled onion, cilantro, tomatoes, mango dressing, lime juice and sesame oil.
Pause from playing games and having fun at Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Hollywood and head to one of its signature restaurants, Kuro, for a taco break. Kuro’s wagyu tacos are created with wagyu beef, spicy cilantro, soy shallots and aji amarillo aioli in a crunchy shell.
Located in The Ritz-Carlton, Burlock Coast serves up ceviche tacos made with pickled peppers, compressed pineapple and citrus. It's the perfect order for a side or an appetizer to share with friends.
Munch on the homemade guacamole before tasting the handcrafted tacos made at TacoCraft. Traditional options like pork belly, braised chicken and baja fish line up on the menu alongside not so traditional tacos like the exotic shroom, made with mushroom confit, roasted corn, cotija cheese, crema and cilantro.
For one day only, guests and locals at the Sonesta Fort Lauderdale Beach hotel can dig into street tacos, margaritas and unobstructed views of the Atlantic. The hotel’s signature restaurant, Bistro, is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.906242
Retrieved Text: Tommy's Taco Thursday: It's Mother Fuzzin' Taco Time!
Fuzzy’s Taco Shop gets a bad rap. I mean, they bring it on themselves by making you pay for chips and salsa. Seriously, give us a half portion of chips and salsa with our meals. Everyone else does it. I would go to Fuzzy’s 10 times more than I do now if they hooked me up with a small pile of chips and a couple of ounces of salsa. The cost of sales would increase a bit, sure, but I think people would come in to eat more often. (Also, Fuzzy’s, your prices aren’t exactly low – I’m sure you can handle losing some chips and salsa.) I’m sure there are many great things about Fuzzy’s, but I’m going to focus on two amazing things. First the “Baja Tacos” are top notch. There are plenty of protein options, but I prefer the classic seasoned ground beef. These tacos come with your standard topping, but the addition of cilantro, garlic sauce, and feta set these babies apart. But the real genius is the shredded cheese. But everyone puts shredded cheese on tacos, Tommy! What’s the big deal? Shut up, Tommy, and I’ll tell you! It’s placement. Fuzzy’s puts the shredded cheese into the crispy taco shell first. Putting the cheese in first, followed by the meat, is brilliant. The cheese melts and then acts as a binding agent. The cheese supports and boosts the integrity of the shell. This added stability allows consumers to wildly munch tacos without the worry

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.103653
Retrieved Text: Tacos are not meant to be served in pre-fabricated corn shells as is the case in every Mexican restaurant in Lawrence, Kansas and across the country for that matter. A perfect taco starts with a handmade corn tortilla filled with cooked/seasoned meat (beef, chicken, pork), sealed with toothpicks (note the toothpick holes in photo #1), and deep fried to crispy golden goodness. Shredded beef is the preferred meat filling, but ground beef will suffice in most cases if seasoned well.
After frying, the toothpicks are removed from the piping hot taco shell and cheese, fresh lettuce, and tomato are stuffed inside. The best tacos I ever ate were in California, prepared like this, with thin slices of fresh avocado added (guacamole can be substituted) before serving. There should only be enough room for some fresh, homemade salsa before the first bite is taken. The shell should be crisp enough so that you get the signature taco crunch as you take a bite, yet soft enough so that it does not fall apart as you inhale, I mean eat, the entire taco.
These tacos are from Rancho Grande Cantina in Parkville, Missouri and are as close to perfect as I have found in the Midwest (minus the requisite tomato and avocado). Take note amigos and LET'S STAMP OUT PRE-FAB TACO SHELLS IN OUR LIFETIME!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.795822
Retrieved Text: EVANSVILLE, Ind. — Saturday marks the return of the Evansville Taco Festival, back for a second year with more savory south-of-the-border fun than ever.
In addition to the enthusiastic eating of delicious items folded into a flour or corn wrapper, visitors may partake in many other activities.
There will be music including reggae, salsa and mariachi bands.
Grownups will find a frozen margarita bar and tequila sampling as well as beer and other adult beverages. After you’re finished dancing and drinking, challenge your friends to a ride on the mechanical bull.
Salsarita’s is sponsoring a taco eating contest, or if that’s not wild enough for you, step up to the chili pepper eating contest. If you’re really cool, you’ll participate in the eating contests while wearing your costume from the Best Taco-Centric Dress contest, which can be whatever you want it to be, as long as it is taco-centric.
While you’re sampling tequila, send the kids to the youngsters’ area for Kids Zone activities, face painting, art and games.
Most of the tacos and other treats offered will be of the authentic Latino variety, but not all.
A few American-Mexican restaurants such as Salsarita’s will have your Tex-Mex and Mexican-American favorites. Chino Taco will be on hand with their popular Chinese restaurant dishes served in a hard or soft taco shell, and Vegan Eats and Treats will be cooking up vegan chorizo tacos and exciting Vietnamese-inspired pho tacos with Southeast-Asian spiced seitan, bean sprouts, cilantro, scallion, peppers, hoisin sauce and fried crispy rice noodles.
D-Ice and Jeanne’s gelato will be rolling and scooping their

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.71889
Retrieved Text: (Lake Forest, CA) May 2, 2011 – Del Taco's Big Fat Crispy Chicken Tacos will have bigger taste than ever with the introduction of two new flavors - Creamy Chipotle, with a bold kick, and Bacon Ranch, an American classic made with ranch sauce and real bacon.
At $2.29, the Big Fat Crispy Chicken Tacos feature a crispy, golden chicken strip, crisp lettuce, fresh tomatoes, and grated cheddar cheese wrapped in warm flatbread with a choice of Creamy Chipotle sauce or Bacon with Ranch sauce. Del Taco will also be offering a popular "2 for" promotion with two Big Fat Crispy Chicken Tacos for $4.
This week, Del Taco is also introducing Crispy Chicken Burritos with a choice of Creamy Chipotle sauce or Bacon with Ranch sauce. Offered at $2.99, the Crispy Chicken Burritos include two crispy, golden chicken strips, crisp lettuce, fresh tomatoes, grated cheddar cheese, and a choice of Creamy Chipotle sauce or Bacon with Ranch sauce wrapped in a warm flour tortilla.
"Our fans know and love how Del Taco delivers great flavor combinations that fill them up at unbeatable prices. Our new Crispy Chicken menu items are a great example of that and besides, Crispy Chicken just tastes better in tacos and burritos," said John Cappasola, Chief Brand Officer at Del Taco.
Del Taco fans can receive a coupon for a free Big Fat Crispy Chicken Taco with any purchase when they "like" Del Taco on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/deltaco. Fans can also join Del Taco's Raving Fan eClub at http://www.deltaco.com/ravingfan for free food and exclusive offers.
Founded

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.713917
Retrieved Text: The most wonderful (and busiest) time of the year calls for oversized sweaters and no-frills weeknight meals. Good old fashioned tacos are an infallible household staple, but it might be time to taco-bout “beefing up” tried-and-true taco Tuesday. Although fresh salsa, ground beef, and crispy tortilla shells are a Mexican fare trifecta, one shouldn’t shy away from experimenting with different flavors and ingredients. Here are some of our favorite non-conformist taco recipes to spice up your family’s favorite go-to meal.
Low stress and no mess! These easy muffin tin tacos are perfect for entertaining and are practically made for tiny fingers. Add a dollop of sour cream or salsa for optimal deliciousness.
Packed with fried eggs, fresh avocado, and orange juice; these tacos are here to upgrade your “breakfast for dinner” game. Or, your dinner for breakfast game. We aren’t really sure which, but either way, they’re sure to be a hit that the whole family can enjoy.
Kick up the heat this winter with these cauliflower-packed tacos drizzled in sriracha and topped with fresh avocado. They’re so loaded with flavor and guaranteed to garner widespread support from herbivores and omnivores alike.
Carbs are carbs, right? Ditch your classic tortilla and instead envelop your taco ingredients into a jumbo pasta shell. This innovative creation is the perfect compromise between Italian and Mexican fare: a win, win no matter your cravings.
All of the flavors of a greek chicken gyro, minus the hassle. This recipe is packed full of nutritious fixings for guiltless indulgence. Feta cheese, tzatziki sauce, and crunchy cucumbers make

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.43774
Retrieved Text: Made this because was out of store bought taco shells. Cooked beautifully, looked great, Will put the meat, & other stuff on went to take a bite and it fell apart in �... Crispy, spicy, cheesy and delicious, this Taco Stuffed Bread is a quick and easy meal that gets dinner on the table in no time! I�m a Taco Tuesday type of gal, always have been, always will be.
How to Make Soft Taco Shells. Take cornmeal and wheat flour in a big bowl. Add salt and mix well. Add 1 tsp oil and knead into a soft dough by adding lukewarm water �... Tex-Mex-Style Soft and Chewy Flour Tortillas I've spent a lot of time in Texas, and it has left me with a deep love for flour tortillas. I'm very particular about them: I don't just want the very best flour tortillas, I want the right ones for the job.
Fry bread tacos are a different and delicious way to make tacos. Instead of filling a tortilla or shell, the meat, cheese, beans, tomatoes and lettuce are stacked on top of fry bread. The fry bread is the real highlight of this recipe, it is absolutely delicious. how to plan an evening wedding Fry bread tacos are a different and delicious way to make tacos. Instead of filling a tortilla or shell, the meat, cheese, beans, tomatoes and lettuce are stacked on top of fry bread. The fry bread is the real highlight of this recipe, it is absolutely delicious.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.20893
Retrieved Text: If you love making tacos at home, but tend to break the shells when filling or lifting them up, these cool new Taco Plates are the solution. These unique taco plates hold three hard/soft shell tacos upright to make it easier to prepare and eat, plus they also include two sections to keep your beans, rice or salsa neatly separate. They come in a set of four and are dishwasher and microwave safe. Every taco night needs taco plates!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.193176
Retrieved Text: Oven baked tacos are an easy dish to make, and the whole family will love them. So it's already a win just knowing they are simple and delicious. Brown the hamburger in a skillet, and then it all goes into a 9 x 13 inch pan. Very little cleanup as far as dirty dishes go. The perfect dinner when you need to take a meal to a friend or neighbor.
Oven baked tacos come together so quick and easy. And they are easy to eat, too. Not a lot of mess with taco meat falling out with every bite. They are literally the easiest way to make and serve tacos.
Our kids often get so frustrated when they take a bite of their taco, the shell breaks, and taco filling is falling out. These are so easy for little hands to hold.
With oven baked tacos, the meat stays put. The shell slightly softens when cooked. We love using the taco shells with a flat bottom. They can stand up on their own, and that helps holds in the taco meat so well.
We had seen Oven Baked Tacos floating around the internet and decided to take make our own spin on them. I had heard that baking the tacos softens the shell just a little bit and helps solidify the filling, so I put it to the test and it passed with flying colors!
The filling stayed in place, the shells didn’t break into a million pieces, and we were able to eat dinner without one single tear . .

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.76111
Retrieved Text: These crispy Baja Fish Tacos are perfect to share at the table! Crunchy, moist, tender fish with a refreshing green cabbage slaw and a delightful avocado crema. Make these delicious Baja style fish tacos tonight!
What’s not to love about Baja fish tacos? I like to cook the fish with a beer batter because it gives the fish a nice crunch and extra flavor. The beer batter also makes the fish tender and moist. The toppings – cabbage slaw, tomatoes, cilantro, avocado – balance out the overall dish. Oh, and the avocado crema is the perfect way to tie up all the components in this Baja style fish taco recipe. The best!
To me, a good taco has to be super flavorful, bold, and well-balanced. I can’t tell you how many disappointing bland tacos I’ve had in my life – they are a big no-no! Here’s the thing, if you can pretty much only have 3 bites out of a taco, then the flavors HAVE to be there. And this is exactly what I aimed to accomplish in these fish tacos!
So if you’re sold, let’s go over how to make this Baja fish tacos recipe!
Deep frying protein in hot oil exposes it to very high temperatures, which is why I recommend using some type of batter. Batters protect the meat from becoming too tough and from drying up, and also adds crunchiness from the air pockets that form during the frying process.
Beer, in particular, provides extra airiness from the carbonation, which creates a light batter for the fish,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.47342
Retrieved Text: Taco night is always popular at our house. They aren’t much work, and they are always fun to make and to eat.
We usually use ground beef in our tacos, but there’s no reason not to use chicken, pork, fish, shrimp, or just beans if you want to. Sometimes the taco’s preparation changes depending on the main filling, but unless you’ve got taco police roaming around, go ahead and experiment with any combination you want. For an occasional special treat, I’ll make Carne Asada Tacos. That always gets me a round of applause!
Typically tacos are made with corn tortillas that are either baked, fried, or just warmed. Meat tacos typically have crisp shells, made that way by frying or baking. The seafood tacos usually have warmed soft tortillas, usually two layered together per taco so they don’t fall apart.
You can buy the taco shells already made, or you can purchase corn tortillas and make the shells yourself. Of course, there are pros and cons to everything. To me, the flavor of fried fresh corn tortillas is worth the extra time and effort, but I admit to often using the pre-made taco shells to save time or when I’m just lazy.
Pre-made taco shells are cold out of the package, of course, so they need to be warmed. The easiest way is in the oven, and I usually fill them with the meat mixture and add some grated cheese before putting them in the oven. 350 degrees for 10 or 15 minutes works fine. Then as the shell warms

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.469406
Retrieved Text: Why Do We Celebrate Cinco de Mayo Anyway?
Cinco de Mayo, Spanish for May 5th, is a Mexican holiday, often confused with Mexico’s true Independence Day which is actually on September 16th. It has gained much popularity here in the United States as we think of Cinco de Mayo as having food with friends and family, inviting in the Mexican culture and of course the revelry. To our surprise, Cinco de Mayo really isn’t celebrated much in Mexico except for a little small town called Puebla.
The date May 5th commemorates the Battle of Puebla in 1862, when the small underdog Mexican army successfully defended Puebla against large invading French forces. You remember who Napoleon III is, right? He was the one that led the French in an effort to gain control of that area. Their goal was to spread the European Union and gain riches from the silver-rich land. Great thing for Mexico, the attempt to take the town was thwarted which gave the town of Puebla reason to celebrate!
In 1863, Cinco de Mayo was recognized by the state of California to show sympathy and solidarity with Mexico against French rule. Today we celebrate Cinco de Mayo to recognize the rich Hispanic heritage. We celebrate in their culture by having margaritas, Coronas with a lime, tacos, enchiladas, beans and rice, and yummy pancita. All the ingredients you need for a ¡FIESTA!
Building a taco with your favorite items can be a lot of fun at parties and especially at home with the family. Unfortunately, there always seems to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.365227
Retrieved Text: Had pig face meat, hot pepper oil, rice, garlic, onion and fresh cherry tomato.
Fresh cheese, a creamy sauce, and crispy crust.
When I walked in, l was reminded of one of my favorite places to eat in Manhattan, BareBurger. Turns out, that like BareBurger’s it was a fresh “Farm to Table” restaurant. That means all the food served is fresh and from local farms.
We were seated very quickly, and the staff was very polite. The place was very clean and the atmosphere was happy and friendly. We asked for recommendations, and our server Angela made good suggestions.
The Crispy Pig Face was spicy, because my mom put “spicy oil” on it. I only had a few bites, but I would still recommend it. Dad had the mac and cheese, and also an order of pork tacos. I had an order of pork tacos too. The pork tacos were great food, and I think kids will really like it. I had a bite of dad’s mac and cheese, the crust was really crispy, and it tasted a lot like real home-made mac and cheese — not like a box!
My burger was made of both pork and beef! The flavor was incredible, savory and I almost couldn’t stop eating it. The vegetables on the burger was so fresh and good I didn’t remove any of it. The burger compares well to BareBurger. I wasn’t that fond of the mayo or whatever burger sauce it was, but only because there was too much of it. The fries that came with it

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.317196
Retrieved Text: My kids love Tacos. In fact, my oldest reminds me every week that we need to have tacos on Tuesday. When were stationed at Fort Bliss, I learned from some good friends how to fix tacos and other authentic Mexican dishes “the right way.” Well, we followed the trend of having Taco Tuesdays and it kind of just stuck!
I would occasionally spice up the tacos a bit by making a nacho taco meal or even soft shell nachos. However, after serving tacos for so long, I decided to kick it up a notch and try something new.
Well, kids have a tendency to strike down change because they become creatures of habit, but I enjoy creating new twists on the same old meals. Well, I surprised my kids by coming up with a compromise and another winner for me because it is perfect for the Instant Pot!
If you’re looking for a new and delicious Instant Pot recipe, you just found it! This Instant Pot Taco Pasta is quick and scrumptious! You can also add or substitute all sorts of yummy ingredients not listed below to make it your own.
For instance, this would be super easy to use with spiralized zucchini (zoodles) if you eat a low carb diet. Keep in mind that you would need to adjust the cooking time for the zoodles.
Turn the IP on the saute setting and add the garlic, onions and ground beef.
Cook until the ground beef is fully browned, stirring constantly.
Add in the black beans, corn, tomatoes, sauce, pasta, broth and seasoning.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.07401
Retrieved Text: We are looking for more local deals to highlight on the Oregon coast. If you know a special offering from a local restaurant, hotel, or shop along the Oregon coast please send us a message we would love to share the information.
A couple of popular deals in the North coast between Tillamook and Rockaway Beach are the all you can eat oysters and all you can eat fish and chips at the Pacific Oyster in Bay City and Taco tuesday at the Lakeside Hideaway in Rockaway Beach.
On Wednesday’s it is all about the oysters at the Pacific Oysters in Bay City. You can have them served, fried, grilled, or sauteed. Served with a side of crispy french fries and fresh cole slaw.
On Friday, the Fish and Chips is the all you can eat special, a traditional white cod fish that is breaded and served with a side of fries and slaw.
Driving north on HWY 101 from Tillamook, the Pacific Oyster is located at the end of the dock in Bay City where the Pacific Seafood is located. It will be a large blue building on your left alongside the bay.
On Tuesday nights from 4-6PM during Summer and all dinner hours the rest of the year, grab $1 tacos in either soft shell or hard shell. Served like a traditional American style taco you can add salsa and sour cream if you want, otherwise its beef, cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce. Dose’em in hot sauce and they are good to go. Lakeside is located on the North end

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.99188
Retrieved Text: (Family Features) Busy school days demand meals that can match the pace of life. A Mexican-themed meal is a sure way to keep things festive and lively around the family dinner table.
Not only does a meal centered on Mexican-style foods let you spice up your menu, it also allows for plenty of personalization so even the pickiest of palates can be satisfied. That means less time for preparation and more time spent together.
An ethnically-inspired meal is a great opportunity to encourage kids to try out new flavors and experiment with foods they wouldn't normally eat. Sample variations of classic salsas, incorporate seasonal ingredients like jicama and diced sweet peppers to freshen up your dishes or put a spicy spin on a classic Italian favorite by creating Mexican-inspired stuffed shells.
Get creative with proteins. Chicken and beef are common options, but heart-healthy fish and shrimp are also great candidates for a Mexican-style meal. Pork is another good choice for many Mexican dishes, and beans provide an excellent source of added protein, along with some flavor variety.
Mex-up your taco night. Try an alternative to the traditional corn shell with an option like Ortega Good Grains Taco Shells, crafted with artisanal blends of real corn, unique grains and ingredients baked into each shell. They're made with whole kernel corn, giving them an authentic taste and a distinctive flavor, aroma and texture.
Keep things kid-friendly and fun by focusing on finger foods. A large taco can be difficult for little hands to handle, but a street taco portion, a chimichanga or even

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.887188
Retrieved Text: Cut up the tomatoes and sage. Add the eggs, tomato, sage and cheese to the pan. Cover the pan and cook until the eggs are no longer liquid. Flip the egg over and cook on the other side. Adjust the heat depending on how crispy you want the outside of the frittata to be.... How to make a taco!. Goal: To make a nice looking taco!. Ingredients:. -1 taco shell -hot sauce -cut up tomatoes -shredded cheese -cooked meat -taco mix.
To serve, cover a serving platter or individual plates with shredded lettuce and diced fresh tomato. Top with tacos. Serve with Mexican crema, crumbled cheese, and, if desired, salsa. Top with tacos� how to cook frozen flounder fillets 14/01/2017�� The first thing I do is get all my toppings cut up. Lettuce, tomatoes and cheese at the minimum. Optional toppings include; black olives, avocado, onion, cilantro, jalapenos, etc..
Core your tomatoes at the stem end, then cut a small "X" in the bottom with a paring knife. Drop the tomatoes a few at a time into boiling water for 30 to 60 seconds, then transfer them to a bowl of ice water. Once they're cooled, the skins will slip off the tomatoes with a minimum of fuss. how to build muscle mass fast for men Next, cut the tomato in half through the equator, not top to bottom. Lay the tomato on its side to accomplish this. Lay the tomato on its side to accomplish this. Use a -clean for Pete�s sake- finger to scoop out the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.692314
Retrieved Text: ← tap, tap, tap. hello, are you still there?
My brain is stuffed full of wedding list items to tick off one by one. Today is pick cupcakes, french macaroons and brownies day. It will be really, really awful.
Everything else is coming together- wacky, red-haired photographer: check. Catering- check (I’ll talk more about that food another time.) License- applied. Shoes- very important- check. Dress- check. A flurry of girly appointments- check. Groom- check. I think we’re good to go!
Since I’m one of those brides who could eat mexican or italian food every night of the week, Sunday was whip up some stuff day: Thus was produced, Bolognese sauce (another post day- ungodly good stuff) and Picadillo filling (aka taco meat.) Post haste beginning of bridal boot camp soon.
First up, homemade taco meat, also known in fancier terms as Picadillo. Or if you spell it with an “e”, Pecadillo, apparently means “little sin.” Quite perfect.
My good friend, Amy, passed this little recipe on to me years ago and we’re both hooked. I come running when she calls and says, “We’re making tacos. Want to come over?” You don’t have to ask me twice.
Once you make it, not from a little overly salty packet, you won’t go back. Easy- check. Tasty- check. Freezer friendly- check. It just tastes fresher than using the pre-made spice packet for taco seasoning.
I usually double the recipe and freeze a ton. It’s great for tacos, enchiladas, nachos, what ever your little corazon desires. What we did, witnessed at Amy’s house as well: Double Decker

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.605442
Retrieved Text: Join us on Tuesday, April 23 from 6–9pm for a fiesta! Featuring a variety of $2 tacos* for your choosing — from pork shoulder and crispy cauliflower, to ancho beef and crispy fish — along with $3 tall cans and live music, we’re not sure a Tuesday can get any better than this.
*First taco is $7, all additional tacos are $2 (taco-bout a good deal)!
Because we don’t want our fiesta to become a siesta, no more than three tacos per person can be ordered at once.
Please call (705) 444-8680 by Sunday, April 21 to book your table!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.514416
Retrieved Text: It is estimated that last year, Americans ate over 4.5 billion tacos. That’s a lot of tacos! A taco is the Mexican equivalent of a sandwich. The tortilla, or the shell of the taco, is made of either corn or wheat. This shell is wrapped or folded around fillings. Popular fillings include chicken, beef, pork, fish, and vegetables. However, tacos can feature tons of different ingredients. Some tacos are savory, while others are sweet. Make your own taco for a homemade variation, or visit your favorite taco joint like Coastal Kitchen for a creative spin on this classic food.
This year, National Taco Day falls on Thursday, October 4. Make your way to Coastal Kitchen to enjoy our special taco celebration on this day! At Coastal Kitchen, we regularly serve fish tacos made with beer battered local white fish, crema, guacamole, grapefruit habanero hot sauce, and a green pineapple serrano slaw on our regular menu. On National Taco Day this year, we will have taco specials, as well as margarita specials for our customers. After all, what pairs better with a taco than a margarita? We will offer unique spins on the classic taco, as well as delicious margaritas to wash down your meal. We open at 11:30 a.m. for lunch and will be open until 2 a.m. on Thursday, October 4, so be sure to schedule us in for National Taco Day! You can find Coastal Kitchen at 12 East Main Street in Bay Shore.

================



======= Instance Index 90 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To dye the white fondant to make the fondant roses

Choice 1: Dip the fondant in the food coloring and then rub in  the food coloring  then knead until the color is evenly distributed

Choice 2: Dip a toothpick in the food coloring and then rub the food coloring onto the white fondant, then knead until the color is evenly distributed

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 51.105556
Retrieved Text: It’s finally spring! The weather is getting warmer, flowers are starting to bloom and while I don’t particularly have a green thumb, I like to think that one day I’ll have a garden full of beautiful flowers, fresh vegetables and herbs.
Until that day, these rose garden cupcakes will have to do. No green thumb required.
Pre-heat your oven to bake at 350 degrees. Mix together the sugar, shortening, eggs, flour, baking powder and salt. Tip: Gradually add the flour to the batter and sift the flour so it blends together well. If not, you'll end up with a few white specs in your cupcakes.
Mix together the sugar, shortening, eggs, flour, baking powder and salt. Gradually add the flour to the batter and sift the flour so it blends together well. If not, you'll end up with a few white specs in your cupcakes.
Next, add your buttermilk, unsweetened cocoa, hot water, baking soda and vanilla extract. Optional: Fold in mini semi-sweet chocolate chips.
Filling liners can be messy, so consider using a cookie or ice cream scoop to divide the batter evenly.
The batter will be thin. Pour the mix into your cupcake liners. Filling liners can be messy, so use a cookie or ice cream scoop to divide the batter evenly.
Set your oven to 350 degrees and bake the cupcakes for 18-20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in each cupcakes comes clean.
Bake in the oven for 18-20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in each cupcake comes out clean.
Let your cupcakes cool down for about 15 minutes. Then

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.37449
Retrieved Text: Here's a special princess cake for your little royalty. A pillow cake sits on top of a round cake adds that majestic touch. Different shades of the celebrant's favorite color, pink, was used.
And of course, the four princesses were added to complete the cake.
For this cake I use a 10" round cake torted, filled and iced with buttercream.
You will need 4 colors of fondant - light pink, dark pink, a bit of green and white. The fantasy flowers can be made ahead. Using the dark pink fondant, make 6 small ribbon roses , 1 medium and 1 large. With the green fondant make a few leaves to go with the roses. Make small and medium blossoms with the white fondant.
Imagine there are 4 corners to this cake. Cut up 1" strips with the pink fondant, 3 per corner for a total of 12 strips. Cut up 5/8" strips, 2 per corner, for a total of 8 strips. Apply to cake forming a cross as in picture.
I made the pillow cake following the instructions from this tutorial . I used a 6" square cake to carve into a pillow. Light pink fondant was used to cover the cake and dark pink was used with a clay gun to make the twisted ropes and tassels. I used a cutter embosser to quilt criss-cross design on top of the cake. Using a brush, paint the pillow with pink luster dust mixed with a little lemon extract.
Using a tip 104, create a border by going on a continuous scripted W.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 50.271954
Retrieved Text: Adorable black wedding cakes most then ing ideas red along with black wedding cakes most ing ideas red. Comfy black polka dots wedding cake fondant wedding cake blackand and red roses then red roses fondant wedding cake black along with red roses twisted together with. Nice red black wedding cake designs red with black wedding cakes wedding party decoration. Perfect happy birthday cake wedding cake decorations in red roses gallery cake design also wedding cakes also black as wells as cookies. Perfect me black red wedding cake decorating wedding cake cake design and then wedding cakes red. Engrossing red caked food drink ideas glass jewish wedding blog as wells as. Simple wedding cakes then wedding cakes in wedding cakes black and red flowersblack also wedding then red flowers as wells as full size. Unique red black 60th cake 1 web1. Seemly full size for fondant wedding cakes red in fondant wedding cakes black then wedding as wells as fondant wedding cakes.
Adorable black wedding cakes most then ing ideas red along with black wedding cakes most ing ideas red in red black white cake ideas.
Comfy black polka dots wedding cake fondant wedding cake blackand and red roses then red roses fondant wedding cake black along with red roses twisted together with in red black white cake ideas.
Nice red black wedding cake designs red with black wedding cakes wedding party decoration in red black white cake ideas.
Perfect happy birthday cake wedding cake decorations in red roses gallery cake design also wedding cakes also black as wells as cookies

########
Rank: 3
Score: 49.50417
Retrieved Text: Baker Naomi Henderson shares a simple tutorial on decorating with fondant to create cute cupcakes.
Bake and decorate some mouthwatering, picture-perfect cupcakes for your love.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line a 12-hole cupcake tray with standard paper cupcake liners.
Soften the butter by heating it in the microwave for a few seconds.
Warm the milk to lukewarm by heating it in the microwave for a few seconds.
Place the softened butter in a mixing bowl and beat with an electric mixer on medium-low speed for one minute or until smooth.
Add the vanilla seeds or extract and beat through.
Add the eggs one at a time, mixing on medium-low for a minute between additions.
Once the eggs are mixed in, remove mixing bowl from stand and, using a wooden spoon, mix in one-third of the flour mixture. Mix with the spoon until there are no lumps.
Add half of the warmed milk and mix until well combined.
Add another one-third of the flour mixture and mix until there are no lumps. Mix in the rest of the milk until well combined, then mix through the rest of the flour until there are no lumps.
Using an ice cream scoop, spoon mixture into cupcake liners until they're about two-thirds full. Bake on the middle rack of the oven for 18 to 20 minutes or until golden (rotate tray after about 15 minutes).
Remove cupcakes from trays and cool on a wire rack for at least 45 minutes before decorating.
Divide the fondant frosting into four equal balls. On a plastic mat, dye one section of fondant red, one pink,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.908524
Retrieved Text: On its own, fondant generally has a matte appearance. Shop for satin michaels ice and satin ice fondantlb. chocolate transfer sheet in a strip. Michaels pre rolled fondant sheets. com including Rolled Fondant Primary Colors Multi- Pack.
Learn how to use fondant pick up some clever tips , how to store it , how rolled to color . Impression Mats Contemporary Candy Supplies Chocolate Transfer Sheets Smart Marker Cupcakes. Find great michaels ideas, recipes & all the supplies you' ll need at wilton. Buy Wilton Decorator Preferred Primary Colors Fondant, 4- Pack Fondant Icing:. For the stripes on the cake Im going to be doing I think I will order the solid white pre rolled fondant sheet use the ribbon cutter I have to cut the strips then airbrush the colors I need. Shop cake fondant colors , fondant icing for other favorite treats in a variety of flavors types. Fondant & Rolled Icing. pre- colored fondant, you can also try using a dye.
Rolled fondant icing is rolled out and draped over an iced cake. That way Im not mixing multiple colors of fondant with my sheets hand. It has to be kneaded like dough and has to be covered during use to michaels prevent drying out. Rolled Fondant; Royal Icing. Best Selling • Top Rated. Wilton Sugar Sheets Edible Decorating Paper Cupcakes, Decorate Cakes Multipack. Choose your new favorite today from Satin Ice Fondarific, Renshaw, Carma, Dream, rolled Fat Daddio' s, Mona Lisa pre more. Quick- sheets pour fondant is made over the stove poured over

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.763103
Retrieved Text: Bake your 9×13″ cake and flip face down onto foil covered box. Frost with white frosting.
Make your marshmallow fondant, reserve some for the tie, collar, buttons, and pocket.
Roll out fondant and lay over cake, tuck the edges under, trim any edges if needed.
Dye some of the reserved fondant and roll out and cut in the shape of a tie using your cutting tool or a knife (see list of tools I like to use below). Also cut out a pocket shape, and collar (make the collar by rolling out fondant cutting a long rectangle and fold it in half, then shape onto cake).
Attach your accessories using a small amount of frosting as your glue. Make the buttons by rolling a ball of fondant and pressing it with a button.
I have a couple fun Father’s Day gift ideas I’ll be posting soon, so make sure to like us on facebook to stay in touch!!
Happy Father’s Day to all the wonderful Father’s out there!! Click HERE to see all the fun linky Parties I’ve linked up to.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.386158
Retrieved Text: A few days ago, a woman asked me to make an engagement cake for her daughter because she was going to get engaged to her boyfriend and to celebrate, they were going to throw a big party. The day of the party was also going to be her daughter’s lucky birthday so it was indeed a double celebration.
She told me that the colour scheme was black, white and silver. I wanted to create something a bit formal and elegant for the engagement but at the same time I wanted to add a little fun to it, since it was also a birthday cake for a very young lady.
So, I made a two tiered cake and covered both tiers in white fondant. On the side of the bottom cake I did an insert with some black fondant in the shape of an upside down V. Then I did some draped swags all around the insert and wherever the swags met. I also placed some white ribbon roses made out of white fondant. On the black fondant I placed a lot of small silver coloured fondant heart shapes.
I made a black fondant ribbon all around the upper cake and on the front I did the date of the engagement with black fondant. On the top of the cake I made 2 big hearts standing on their sides. On the white heart I wrote the boyfriend’s name with black icing and on the black heart I wrote the girlfriend’s name with white icing. Then I made a lot of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.056778
Retrieved Text: My best friend’s daughter wanted a “Monster High” cake for her 6th birthday. I started out by making the trade mark skull out of fondant. I found a picture on line and blew it up. I traced it on to the fondant with a pairing knife and then cut it out. This one was black. Next I made another skull (this time white and a bit smaller, so the black one acted as an out line) and cut out the eyes and nose. I placed the white on the black and let it harden.
Then I made the bow out of fondant as well and colored it pink. I used a medium shaped heart cookie cutter and then just rounded out the edges. I dipped a small paint brush in black dye and painted on the out line). The middle of the bow is a rolled up ball of fondant.
I dyed more fondant pink, purple and black and used a triangle shaped cookie cutter to cut out the “argyle” and a small round cookie cutter to make the balls. I left all of this to harden over night. I ended up using the better part of a 5 lb box of ready to use fondant by Wilton.
The next day I baked the cake, (9″ home made sugar cookie cake) and after it had cooled I popped it in the freezer. It was a bit shorter than I wanted but I was running out of time. I suggest doubling your recipe. While it was freezing I made the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.988163
Retrieved Text: Pizza and Extreme Milkshakes - Create a classic cheese pizza from scratch and make an extreme milkshake with assorted toppings!
Create homemade spaghetti and enjoy with a tomato sauce! Plus decorate cupcake to look like spaghetti and meatballs to take home!
Fondant Tie-Dye Cakes - Learn how to make fondant and buttercream and decorate a cake with fondant tie dye!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.368206
Retrieved Text: Love is missing someone when you are apart, but somehow feeling warm inside you are close in heart. So make someone day more special with the amazing cake surprise Get 1 kg of beautiful snow white heart shaped fondant cake beautifully decorated with edible red roses. This beautiful fondant cake is available in Chocolate, Butterscotch, Pineapple, Vanilla and Pineapple.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.510075
Retrieved Text: Recipe 1 – Mix the below ingriedents together.
Recipe 2 – Mix the below ingriedents together.
Please use a fondant cutting wheel when cutting fondant to stop the fondant from tearing when using a standard knife. There will be times where you are forced to use a small scalpel knife to clean up spaces the cutting wheel cannot get too. A small pizza cutter will do the job too.
A non stick mat will reduce the effort and cleanup when rolling fondant. A non stick mat does not require cornstarch or icing sugar to produce a non stick surface. This means less clean up. It is a good idea to buy two non stick mats. One for rolling fondant for covering cakes and one for decorations, as your cutting wheel, knife and cookie cutters will mark up the mat over time, resulting in marks on the fondant if used for rolling fondant for cake covering.
Always let your fondant or gum paste models harden lying down, before placing on a cake. This is especially important for those models that are fighting gravity. Fondant placed straight on top of a cake too soon, will bend, move or even break, if not hard enough. This means create your decorations the day before for optimal strength. Gum Paste is your best bet for creating decorations and fondant is best used for covering cakes.
Fondant can be purchased pre coloured from the store and lasts a very long time if wrapped in plastic and kept air tight. You can make your own fondant from recipes

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.459663
Retrieved Text: After the success of my Uncle Doug’s 70th birthday Wine Bottle Cake, the pressure was on to come up with something equally impressive for my Aunty Ruth’s 70th birthday. After much deliberation, we decided on a 5 layer “Mount Dandenong Fog Cake” – my take on a London Fog Cake, with the butter cream infused with Melbourne Breakfast Tea instead of English Breakfast Tea.
The cake was then drizzled with a thick, sticky salted caramel sauce and finished off with sugar-craft Peonies that took about three hours each to create. Judging by the comments and the pile of plates left at the end, I’d have to say this cake was a resounding success!
This entry was posted in Birthday Cakes, Sugarcraft.
Made for a lucky little boy’s 4th birthday, featuring The Hulk’s fist punching through the top of the cake, alongside Iron Man’s uni-beam projector, Captain America’s shield and Thor’s hammer “Mjolnir”.
This entry was posted in Birthday Cakes, Cakes, Novelty Cakes, Sugarcraft.
An Esterházy torte with a fondant base and box, sugarcraft grapes and leaves, shredded coconut “straw” and a fondant bottle with edible printed label. Made for my Uncle Doug’s 70th birthday.
This entry was posted in Christening Cakes, Novelty Cakes, Sugarcraft.
This entry was posted in Sweets and Desserts.
Rich with cocoa, spicy nutmeg and cinnamon plus an extra power-packed punch of cayenne pepper! Utterly delicious, but definitely not for the fainthearted.
This entry was posted in Biscuits, Pastries.
Crispy meringue shells filled with decadent butter cream in a variety of delicious flavours.
Delicious, moist coconut slice filled with strawberry or apricot jam.
This entry

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.2136
Retrieved Text: As mentioned, I’m not that good at taking pictures of my stuff. But, here are two cakes that I was able to acquire pictures of because they were at a party where someone besides me was in charge of the camera.
This first one is a Mini Mouse cake for Sophie’s first birthday. The cake was a vanilla cake with peach mousse filling. I found Wilton’s ball cake pans that I used for the hat on the big cake. For the larger cake, the ears are simply cardboard rounds. I found Wilton’s mini ball cake pans for the hat on the mini-Minnie cake. In this one, the ears were made from Oreo cookies. Since the hat was covered in fondant, Sophie’s older brother enjoyed that little hat.
I used this fondant recipe to make my own fondant. I LOVE this recipe, but the blogger is so right that you MUST use the name brand products for it to turn out right. If you use off brand marshmallows and sugar, the texture won’t be as gummy and the fondant will tear and crack. For the pink and yellow fondant, it was easy enough to knead in the dye. But for the black fondant, I tried to dye it and only got to a dark grey. So, after applying the dark grey fondant to the hats, I painted dye straight onto the hats to give ‘em that shiny black look.
This second cake is a ladybug cake for my super cute neice and god-daughter, Madison. My sister-in-law requested a yellowcake with

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.027695
Retrieved Text: A three tier round cake to serve about 35 guests.
Shown in white and a colored fondant finish.
Decorated with fondant flowers, fondant swirls, and buttercream vines.
Be the first to review “Swirly Florals” Click here to cancel reply.
Rich, dark chocolate cake layers. Mint infused chocolate ganache filling with crushed cand cane pieces. Finished in a dark chocolate ganache glaze. Serves 8-12 guests.
This rosette and rhinestone cake is simple elegance.
Great cake for the Newport Hyatt Regency Hotel.
Classic buttercream roses create this cross while a soft pink tone gives a feminine touch.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.02578
Retrieved Text: Wilton's new Decorator Preferred Fondant offers a melt-in-your-mouth taste with unmatched pliability. Now, it's even easier to make smooth fondant-covered cakes with impressive fondant decorations that are also creamy and delicious. Its pliability means that it's easy for you to smoothly cover a cake with confidence, while its elasticity makes it easy to create 3-D decorations that hold their shape. But it's the smooth vanilla flavor that we are most pleased with — your guests will ooh and aah over your amazing fondant cake, and then delight over its flavor — fondant, filling, cake and all! Bold red fondant is perfect for Valentine's Day, Christmas and 4th of July cakes and treats, and also works great for kids' birthday celebrations, elegant red roses, and much more. Package contains 24 oz. (1.5 lbs, 680 g) of fondant.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 44.721806
Retrieved Text: For this, you can use your favorite cake batter. I used vanilla but what ever you like best will be perfect .
I had two different sized round, glass Tupperware containers that were oven safe. I used the larger one for Pusheen and the smaller one for his little cake. This will work with any size round pans you have. Though the bigger your pan, the more layers you will need to get Pusheen to have the right height proportions.
I made five "6 cakes and two "4.5 ones. Once baked and cooled, cut the rounded tops off.
I stacked four of my larger cakes with cream cheese icing between each layer. I then trimmed off the top to make his head just a touch pointier. I used my last large cake to cut into filler for parts of his body that weren't quite fat enough. I cut the cake into half moons, then cut those again to wrap around the base of the cake tower. Any additional scrapes were used to stack on top of his head.
Stack the two smaller cakes, again with icing between and cover the entire outside. I covered the cake with white fondant and the put blue on top to look like dripping frosting.
Pusheen has dark grey stripes on his body. I added extra black dye to my left over body coloured fondant to achieve the stripe colour. I rolled the fondant out thin and cut two large stripes for his back, four medium for his tail and three small for his head. You

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.6601
Retrieved Text: So I got an Ultimate decorating kit for Christmas, and I started playing with the rose making tools for fondant. I made an easy tutorial so you can make beautiful roses with fondant too! I made a New Years cake with the beautiful roses.
First off, you need fondant. You can by some from Michaels or make your own. I made a marshmallow fondant that can be found here.
I read online that you need wires for the roses to dry on, but I just used toothpicks and a styrofoam block.
So lets begin making roses! They are quite simple.
1. Make small tear drop shapes fondant pieces and stick them on the toothpicks. Allow them to dry for an hour before moving on to step two.
2. Roll out the fondant as thin as you can. The thinner it is, the more realistic the flower looks. The fondant should almost be transparent. Cut out several pieces using the rose cutter.
3. Make five 1/4 inch long cuts in the rose at each petal. Place one of the pieces on the thin foam. Using the balling tool, with half the ball on the fondant and half on the foam, gently roll the edges of each piece so that it thins out the rose petals.
4. Poke the center of the rose piece with one of the toothpicks. Then wrap one of the petals around the teardrop.
5. Alternating between the petals, wrap the rest of the petals around the tear drop. Brush on a little water to help make it stick.
6. To make a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.63416
Retrieved Text: These are only a few of many styles & designs of wedding cakes created by Belinda.
Life is uncertain........Eat Dessert First!
Lace overlays made from fondant icing. Sugar orchids accent the sage green buttercream cover icing.
The detail design was replicated from the detail in the bride's gown.
Amber ---set up with bridal netting hung from the ceiling. Twinkle lights added an soft glow under white organza fabric drape..
Amber----Close up details, sugar paste roses , rose buds & filler flowers. Details where handpainated with royal icintg on fondant icing.
Completely Edible, detailed design from royal icing, main cake covered with fondant icing.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.196213
Retrieved Text: To everyone in the US, and to Americans abroad - Happy Independence Day!
For a good basic cupcake recipe, click here.
There weren't quite 50, but certainly a lot for a batch of cupcakes! The blue was tricky to achieve.. I found a tiny touch of black food dye helped a lot - it took the colour from 'mediterranean holiday' to 'star spangled banner' in less than a drop.
The stripes cupcakes were a lot less fiddly to make. I used a simple white background with three strips of red fondant laid across. To achieve fondant to fondant all you need to do is dap a little water on one and attach it to the other piece. In this case a brushed a tiny amount of water on the back of the red strips before laying them across the white background.
So dear readers, did you make anything special today to mark Independence Day?
these are. GORGEOUS. Really awesome job.
Brilliant... love the textures of the stars and stripes.. could not have made them better..
These are so funky! I love the perfect white stars!
Wow! Your cupcakes are so neat (as in tidy, but also very cool)!
Oh! Your cupcakes are just perfect for the celebration...gorgeous!
So clean, pure and pretty! I love the colours and the cute little stars!
Wow! I'm glad I came by to visit Anna, these are some very amazing cupcakes. Just perfect. Well done.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.885727
Retrieved Text: coloring wilton fondant. coloring wall art. coloriage wild coloring book. coloriage wild by emmanuelle colin. coloring wallpaper murals. coloring wall calendar. coloring white carnations. coloring water drawing. coloring walls. coloring water colored. coloring wallpaper for home. coloring wall for kids. coloring white gray hair. coloring watermelon picture. coloring wall decals. coloring watch. coloring water dye. coloring water science fair project. coloring white chocolate chips. coloring wall page. coloring watermelon online. coloring water in space. coloring white hair naturally. coloring water glass pic. coloring wall calendar 2019 on ebay. coloring white hair tips. coloring white roses. coloring wall calendar 2019. coloring wall. coloring water for test toilet products. coloring white hair red. coloring wall and trim same color. coloring water spout spider. coloring wallpaper for kids. coloring whites of eyes. coloring waterfalls kids. coloring white roots. coloring whiteness. coloring wilton candy melts. coloring water. coloring white hair. coloring water to look like whiskey. coloring water mat. coloring wall calendar 2018. coloring walnut sapwood. coloring water cycle. coloring water sheets. coloring wall out of plywood. coloring wallpaper. coloring white hair blonde.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.87581
Retrieved Text: Cake cuteness DIY - mini rosette cake topper edition. You'll be excited at how easy it is to make a cute little bunch of roses and leaves for your next cake creation. You can even whip these up and nestle them on top of a store-bought cake for a handmade touch.
A ball of pink fondant (also known as sugar paste), a smaller ball of green fondant. You can purchase fondant ready-made at baking supply and craft superstores, or you can make your own fondant if you're feeling extra sassy. Fondant usually comes in white, so you can colour it using a tiny bit of gel food colouring in whichever colours you like. Cover your fondant when not in use with plastic wrap as it will dry out.
A leaf cutter (optional) - you can also cut out leaf shapes with your knife.
Pull away some pink fondant from the larger ball and roll it in your hands to create a a sphere.
With a back and forth motion, roll the ball between your hands until you get this lovely pink log shape. Use a little cornstarch in your hands to avoid sticky fondant.
Take you rollling pin and roll out the "log."
Roll it out nice and thin into a strip.
Using your fingers, begin to roll the strip towards the other end.
Now you have a super cute little mini rosette shape!
Using a sharp knife, cut off 1/4 of one side of your rosette. Using your hands, shape the rosette's cut off side to give it a rounded appearance.
Repeat until you have

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.76169
Retrieved Text: Looking to decorate your cake? SugarTime carries both white and pre-coloured fondant, which is great as it helps take away a little less stress when it comes to cake making!
We proudly support and carry the Australian Bakels fondant range, which comes in both white and vivid colours. We also carry the popular Satin Ice range in a variety of colours too!
Browse our range of fondants below!
Easily decorate your next cake with the Bakels Chocolate Fondant 750g! This chocolate flavoured..
Easily decorate your next cake with the Bakels RTR Icing White 3kg! This fondant comes in a gor..
Easily decorate your next cake with the Bakels White Fondant 750g! This fondant comes in a gorg..
Bakels Fondant Icing/PETTINICE RTR (ready-to-roll) icing 7kg White. Specially developed to meet the ..
Quality Stainless steel scrapers are perfect for smoothing your buttercream or ganache before fondan..
Add the Flavour and aroma of Salted Caramel to your next baking creation! You can add this flavour t..
Satin Ice Icing Fondant Blue Vanilla 1kg. Buying a pre coloured blue fondant saves you the time and ..
Satin Ice Icing Fondant Green Vanilla 1kg. Buying a pre coloured green fondant saves you the time an..
Satin Ice - Baby Blue/Vanilla 1kg. Buying a pre coloured baby blue fondant saves you the time and an..
Satin Ice Icing Fondant Baby Pink Vanilla 1kg. Buying a pre coloured baby pink fondant saves you the..
Satin Ice - Black/Vanilla 2.5kg. Buying a pre coloured black fondant saves you the time and anxiety ..
Satin Ice Icing Fondant Coral Red Vanilla 1kg. Buying a pre coloured baby pink

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.530113
Retrieved Text: Mini cupcake towers made with three different-sized cupcakes – muffin, cupcake and mini, these cupcake towers are easy to make and would be the perfect food gift for someone special.
This recipe shows you how to make modelling paste roses too, which can be used to decorate other cakes.
Start by making the roses. They don’t take too long to dry as the paste is very thin but leaving them overnight is better. Make sure you air dry them, don’t be tempted to put them in an airtight box or they will go soggy.
Modelling paste is essential for these flowers. These roses can’t be made from fondant unless you have added gum tragacanth to stabilise it. Victoria uses 1tsp to 250g of fondant.
To colour your fondant and paste, use a dot of colour on the end of a cocktail stick and work your way up to the colour you want gradually. You can add more but remember you can’t take it out once it’s in there. To make the smaller roses, roll one tiny sausage and three little balls of paste.
Using your rolling pin, roll the sausage shape and the balls of paste quite thinly - the thinner they are, the more realistic they look. Using the ball tool, thin the edges of the circles. If anything sticks dust the paste and the balling tool with a little cornflour.
Roll the strip from one end to the other to create the centre of the rose.
For the larger roses, you’ll need to create a cone shape first.
For the petals, roll

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.418304
Retrieved Text: Icing rolled as thin as possible, with the jowl cut out to save on materials!
My first mistake was not procuring enough of the Renshaw Ready to Roll icing. This meant that I spent several hours rolling and rolling the black fondant between two sheets of baking paper, turning it to avoid crinkling where the paper bunches up against the table, to stretch it thin enough to cover the cake. A long and anxious job, where for most of the evening I wasn’t sure I would be able to cover the cake! There may have been swearing during this time.
I would rather have taken the time to inset the white eyes, but it was 2am and I couldn’t face the idea that the dye in the black fondant would discolour the white eye shapes. That black fondant is incredibly loaded with dye to get the deep black, it’s pretty hard to work with as it warms up as it becomes so sticky.
The nose is too pointed. The Batman’s been in a few fights, and I think a flatter less aquiline nose would have suited the character better.
My son couldn’t have been more pleased with it, though, so overall I’m satisfied I discharged my parental duties well.
The same chocolate fudge cake recipe I always use (it’s low faff and tastes delicious); I used smaller, 15cm (6”) cake tins, and it rose really well so just three layers worked out fine (and resulted in less leftovers).
I wonder what next year’s cake request will be!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.09869
Retrieved Text: We've teamed up with the very talented woman behind Christina's Cupcake to bring you a month of exclusive BLUE fondant pretty treats! While Christina is active on Instagram @ChristinasCupcakes be sure to check out her blog for recipes, tutorials and great photography tips!
Classic and cute, these swan cookies are perfect for a chic occasion of any kind. Watch as Christina brings them to life with a bit of Satin Ice fondant and a touch of royal icing.
Hand-painted and floral details bring big style to these mini treats.
Use cute fondant details to make a big impression with little sweets! Delicate rolled roses and darling baby ducks make the perfect addition to a baby shower or first birthday dessert table.
CELEBRATING NATIONAL DOUGHNUT DAY IN HIGH STYLE!
Taking the traditional doughnut to new places with just a little bit of fondant and a touch of glam. Be it a family event or formal, fondant accents are an easy way to elevate your dessert table presentation and wow your guests!
Watch as Christina creates these delicious doughnuts!
Tune in next week for Part II!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.941444
Retrieved Text: This is an adorable double 6 inch round TinkerBell cake. I used fondant and a Wilton impression mat to create the green layer of leaves for Tinker Bell to sit on. The impression mat was very user friendly. I rolled out the fondant like normal (I like the Don’s fondant) and then you place the impression mat over the fondant. Then I pressed down on the mat creating the impression. I left the fondant attached to the mat then I lifted the mat and fondant and covered the cake. Hint, dirty ice the cake first so the fondant will have something to stick to. I used a Tinker Bell cupcake topper for the Tinker Bell image. The rest of the cake was fully edible.
I hid Tinker Bell in a bouquet of edible flowers using fondant, gum paste, spaghetti noodles and edible glitter. I hid her in calla lilies, roses, carnations, daisies and mums. This was a delightful dainty Tinker Bell birthday cake.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 42.82568
Retrieved Text: At least 2-3 days in advance: Make fondant flowers and leaves.
Roll out neon fondant colors 1/8 in. thick and cut 11 each medium and large flowers using daisy Cut-Outs. Tint 1 oz. white fondant green, roll 1/8 in. thick and cut 10 leaves using medium Cut-Out.
Let flowers and leaves dry on cornstarch-dusted surface. When dry, brush flowers and leaves with water and sprinkle with Shimmer Dust to match colors; let dry. Attach medium daisy to center of large daisy with thinned fondant adhesive.
Roll small white balls of fondant and attach for flower centers with damp brush; let dry. Cut 3 florist wires to 13 in., 3 to 10 in., 2 to 9 in. and 3 to 8 in. When dry, attach flowers and leaves to florist wires with thinned fondant; set aside.
Prepare 3-layer cake (two 2 in. and one 1 in. high to make a 5 in. high cake) for rolled fondant by lightly icing with buttercream. Cover cakes with white fondant; smooth with Easy-Glide Smoother. Combine remaining violet fondant from flowers with white fondant to equal 15 oz.; add a small amount of violet icing color for shade used on embossed stripes.
Tint 5 oz. white fondant with Royal Blue icing color for shade used on smooth stripes. Roll out violet fondant 3/16 in. thick; using Cutter/Embosser with 2 straight-edge cutters and 2 striped embossing wheels (no spacers), cut 8 double-wide strips, 5 in. long. Roll out blue fondant 3/16 in. thick; using 2 straight-edge cutters and one 1/3 in. spacer, cut 8 smooth strips, 5

########
Rank: 27
Score: 42.758335
Retrieved Text: This unique stunning, modern 2-tier wedding cake features black baccara roses, pink peonies, deep burgundy calla lilies, pink roses and fuschia sweet peas adorning lace-bordered 'fondant' draping. The tiers are separated by a beautifully turned faux-marble white column. These gorgeous flowers also make a beautiful matching Bride's Bouquet. There are over 3 dozen hand-crafted cold porcelain flowers in total. A matching Groom's Boutiniere is not shown but will be included.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.532036
Retrieved Text: Fondant is incredibly popular over the past years. It became popular in the 16th centuries and it is also known as frosting. The term icing was used in the 16th centuries which resembles Marzipan, where it as a substance, was paired with sugar paste. Fondant icing requires time and patience to learn about its color dye, sculpting, and the methods to roll the fondant. Fondant icings could be rolled, cut, shaped, sculptured and molded with the skills of a skilled baker. Masterpieces are mostly created with fondant icing.
We have various types of fondant which includes rolled fondant, poured fondant, sculpting fondant and gumpaste fondant. Unlike modern fondant icing, in early stages fondant were just warm liquid that small sized cakes were dipped in it. Fondant icing has a very strong sugary taste and flavorings were often added into the warm fondant liquid. Sometimes, bakers would add marshmallows or other frosting ingredients to mild the sugary taste of the fondant liquid.
Benefits or pros of fondants are that fondant cakes are that they are really beautiful and photogenic cakes. Skilled bakers can actually play around with endless designs of the cake and people would be talking about the cake for ages. Options of sculpting the design is endless from wedding cakes to Halloween party cakes. The 3D designs of the cakes is what attracts most. Fondant cakes are stable and easy to be transported. Fondant cakes can hold up much more stress and bumps than other cakes during the transportation of the cake. Customers would always mess up

########
Rank: 29
Score: 42.403736
Retrieved Text: Nothing says winter fun like building a snowman! But if you're short on the white stuff, this cake is your next best bet. Even better: Our melting snowman cake tutorial is the perfect easy project for newbies to hone their fondant skills.
Cover your cake drum or board with blue fondant and use plunger cutters to emboss snowflakes on it.
On a turntable, cover your half-ball shaped cake with a layer of white fondant and smooth over.
Then, transfer it to the decorated cake board, placing it off-center to show off the pretty snow design!
Roll out more white fondant, making sure you have enough to cover the dome and spill over the sides, as shown. Once rolled, take a small sharp knife and cut wobbly lines around the edge to replicate cartoon-like melted snow. Place the fondant over your cake and board.
Create a carrot nose by molding orange fondant into a cone shape and and adding details with a veining tool or cocktail stick.
Make eyes and a mouth with balls of black fondant, then shape white fondant into tear shapes for the melted droplets.
Attach the carrot nose using a cocktail stick and some edible glue. Affix the eyes and mouth by indenting groves into the fondant with a ball tool and adding a dab of edible glue.
Use edible glue to attach a half-circle of rolled-out pink fondant to your snowman's head as the hat. Then add the details: Twisted fondant ropes for the hat's edge, and a pom pom made of a fondant ball scored with a cocktail stick.

================



======= Instance Index 476 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To add a cinnamon swirl into your loaf of bread

Choice 1: After the first proving, before it goes into the loaf pan, roll the dough out into a flat rectangle. Using a butter knife, spread very soft butter across the top two thirds of the rectangle, leaving about a third unbuttered at the bottom. Sprinkle your chosen swirl mixture onto the buttered bread--cheese, and cinnamon brown sugar are good choices, or you could even spread the dough with garlic butter. Then, starting with the uppermost buttered edge and working your way along the length of the rectangle, tightly roll your dough back up with your hands until it's completely rolled. Pinch the bottom edge to the rolled loaf with your fingers. Place in the loaf pan for its final proving.

Choice 2: After the first proving, before it goes into the loaf pan, roll the dough out into a flat rectangle. Using a fork , spread very soft butter across the top two thirds of the rectangle, leaving about a third unbuttered at the bottom. Sprinkle your chosen swirl mixture onto the buttered bread--cheese, and cinnamon brown sugar are good choices, or you could even spread the dough with garlic butter. Then, starting with the uppermost buttered edge and working your way along the length of the rectangle, tightly roll your dough back up with your hands until it's completely rolled. Pinch the bottom edge to the rolled loaf with your fingers. Place in the loaf pan for its final proving.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 51.038574
Retrieved Text: No preservatives or anything artificial. Fabulous breakfast bread, toasted or not!!! Raisins may be added if desired to create Cinnamon Raisin Bread. Directions for making Cinnamon Swirl Bread and Cinnamon Chip Danish are on the bag. Both are fantastic!!
Combine bread mix and yeast in large bowl: stir well. Add very warm water along with the softened butter. Stir to form soft dough. Knead on lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Place in oiled bowl, cover and let rest/rise in a warm, draft-free place for approx. 30 minutes or until doubled in size. Punch down the dough and then form into a loaf to fit a greased 8 1/2 X 4 1/2 inch loaf pan. Cover; let rise until doubled in size, approx. 30-40 minutes. Bake in 375* oven for 25-35 minutes or until done (thump the loaf - it should sound hollow). Remove from pan; cool on wire rack.
Ingredients: bread flour, oats, buttermilk powder, sugar, salt and cinnamon.
Directions for Cinnamon Swirl Bread and Cinnamon Chip Danish are on the bag.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.690865
Retrieved Text: I enjoy making quick breads. They aren’t as time consuming as a yeast bread and you have something wonderful when you are done.
I was in a baking mood the other day and was searching for a new quick bread recipe. I came across a version of the cinnamon swirl bread on Something Swanky. Reading the recipe and seeing that sour cream and oil were in it made me know that it would be moist and delicious.
There is 3 different parts to making the bread; the batter, the swirl part, and the crumb topping. All the parts come together fairly easy and the ingredients are found in most pantries.
The Quick Cinnamon Swirl Bread comes out of the oven moist and delicious, just as I expected. You can hardly wait until it cools enough to eat a slice! These would also be awesome to make as small loves and give as holiday or birthday gifts.
Check out some of are other quick bread recipes: Perfect Pumpkin Bread, Chocolate Zucchini Bread, Lemon Poppy Seed Bread, and Tropical Banana Bread.
Don’t forget to make some extra loaves to put in the freezer!
This cinnamon treat is perfect for starting your day off in a sweet way or snacking on throughout the day for a quick pick-me-up.
Grease a 9x5x3 loaf pan or 2 - 4x 2 pans.
Whisk together the flour, sugars, baking powder, and baking soda in a large bowl.
Add the sour cream, eggs and vanilla. Mix until just combined. Do not over mix. If the batter is a little lumpy, that is okay.
In

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.197075
Retrieved Text: We never get tired of banana bread. We love coming up with new recipes and tweaking them until we have the perfect recipe. You'll love this Cinnamon Banana Bread with a crumble topping that is out of this world delicious!
We have the best Cinnamon Banana Bread recipe for all of those ripe bananas that are sitting in your kitchen. It’s moist and bursting with banana and cinnamon flavors.
Then we added a delicious crumble topping on top of this bread to send it over the top. It’s absolutely amazing. Our family devoured it in minutes. It’s great right out of the oven, or at room temp.
Our recipe for Cinnamon Banana Bread makes 2 loaves in 8 x 4 inch loaf pans. If you don’t have that size of pan, the aluminum ones at the grocery store come in that size for a few dollars.
Does this bread freeze well?
This bread freezes great. Our Cinnamon Banana Bread makes 2 loaves. We often eat one loaf and then freeze the other one to eat at a later date. For freezing we have wrapped it in foil or put it in a freezer container.
can you make this bread in other sized pans?
This recipe calls for 2 8 x 4 inch loaf pans. That is what size works best. You can also use aluminum pans from the grocery store and they work great. You could make this in an 9 x 5 inch pan, but you will have more batter than you need.
Placing all of the batter into a 9 x 5

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.4881
Retrieved Text: Soft, fluffy and packed with flavor, this homemade cinnamon swirl bread is my family’s favorite. It’s so simple and yet so incredible yummy. The filling is what makes the difference, a gooey and delicious filling made with butter, cinnamon and sugar. It’s like a huge cinnamon roll :). And you know how much I love cinnamon rolls.
This delicious cinnamon swirl bread makes the perfect choice for breakfast, for dessert or for an after school snack. It’s very easy to prepare and do you know what is the most difficult part of this recipe? Waiting :). Waiting for the dough to rise and waiting for the cinnamon swirl bread to cool just enough so you can eat it. The rest is a piece of cake.
You start by preparing a regular dough and let it rise for about 1 hour or until double in volume. Next, you can roll the whole dough, spread soft butter, sugar and cinnamon then roll the dough up very tightly into a log. I prefer a little more twisted pattern and I divide the dough into 2 pieces. I roll each piece, spread soft butter, sugar and cinnamon then roll into a log. Then I twist the 2 logs. It’s only a matter of look, the taste will be the same even you make 1 or 2 logs, it’s up to you.
After you roll the bread it’s very important to let it rise once more because this is how you get an extra soft and fluffy bread. So, place the bread into a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.94941
Retrieved Text: And since I buy a bunch of bananas at least once a week, I always seem to have a couple of over ripe bananas around. You know the ones I am talking about... Too much brown, maybe even starting t split around the top. They are not very appetizing to eat but they are very much perfect to make banana bread.
This particular recipe is a combination of my favorite goto BB recipe and then I added some cinnamon bread swirl techniques to make this beautiful and VERY TASTY loaf.
It is a tad on the sweet side, but perfect for when Jackie and I (you know, us Empty Nesters) have the nieces and nephews come for a visit. The kids snarf this down fast as you can say, Dave's your Uncle!
Keep scrolling down for the recipe!
In a stand mixer, cream together the butter and sugar until creamy.
Add the flour, baking soda, and cinnamon and mix just until combined.
Fold in the mashed bananas and mix until incorporated.
Pour 1/3 banana bread batter into prepared loaf pan. Sprinkle 1/3 of cinnamon/sugar swirl mixture over top. Repeat two more times, ending with the cinnamon/sugar mixture on top.
Bake for 50-60 minutes, or until toothpick tester comes out clean.
Let cool in pan on wire rack for 10 minutes.
Remove from pan, slice, and serve warm with butter AND ENJOY!
I found the mix to be too dry, almost like a dough rather than a batter. I added about 1/2 cup plain yogurt & it came out great! I highly recommend this recipe!
Mine just came out

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.199795
Retrieved Text: “Santa clause is coming to town” I think like me all of you are waiting for Christmas. Ready to enjoy the season with family and friends, from shopping to cleaning - we want everything to be perfect during Christmas. And this is the perfect month for baking, most of the people bake their best batch of cookies, cakes and breads during Christmas for friends and family. From yesterday I was think to prepare something because the smell of baking makes me mad every time and the smell only makes you feel that Christmas is coming.
It was so cold from last 2 days because of 30 hours of continuous snow fall, so if you keep your oven busy that will make your home little warm also. From long time I planned to make some bread but any how didn't make. So I thought this is the best time to make some bread. And I prepared some easy CINNAMON RAISIN SWIRL BREAD. It’s really soft moist and perfect as breakfast bread. Really felt satisfied after a perfect bread baking.
1.All-purpose flour: 1 ½ cup, and little more for kneading.
2.Milk Powder: 2 table spoon.
3.Salt : ½ tea spoon.
6.Butter (soften) : 2 table spoon.
7.Granulated sugar: 2 table spoon.
8.Cinnamon powder: one table spoon.
9.Dry yeast: 1 table spoon.
12.Baking Powder: ½ tea spoon.
13.Vegetable oil: 1 tea spoon.
In a bowl add the warm water little sugar and add the dry yeast and keep it aside till the yeast rise.
Now in a bowl mix the flour, milk powder, salt and sugar, baking powder and mix well.
Now

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.013275
Retrieved Text: Strawberry Cinnamon Swirl Quick Bread Recipe - A delcious breakfast treat!
I love an easy quick bread recipe and adding fruit always makes it so much better. This Strawberry Cinnamon Swirl Quick Bread recipe is delicious and our new favorite breakfast treat.
I first made this bread in May after we went strawberry picking and I’ve made it four more times since then. That’s how much we love it. I also took it to a family brunch and everyone wanted the recipe. I meant to share the recipe weeks ago and can’t believe I forgot.
If you’re looking for a quick bread recipe, you’ve come to the right place. The combination of cinnamon, sugar, and strawberries is baked to perfection in this recipe. Top it with a simple glaze and this bread won’t last long – I can promise you that.
You just can’t go wrong with an easy quick bread recipe. So the next time you’re craving something sweet for breakfast, pick up a package of strawberries and whip up this delicious Strawberry Cinnamon Swirl Quick Bread. It’s especially good with a warm cup of coffee. Come to think of it, it’s also a great afternoon snack and the perfect dessert.
I love an easy quick bread recipe and adding fruit always makes it so much better. This Strawberry Cinnamon Swirl Quick Bread is delicious and our new favorite breakfast treat.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray 9×5 loaf pan with cooking spray.
In a large mixing bowl, mix flour, sugar, baking powder, and baking soda together.
Combine oil, Greek yogurt, eggs, and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.53693
Retrieved Text: beautifully cinnamon loaf perfect for cinnamon lovers!
Drizzle with cream cheese to give it a kick!
Put on the stove to cook until it turn sticky. Put aside to cool it before swirl on the loaf.
Preheat oven to 350F. Spray a 9x5-inch loaf pan with floured cooking spray, or grease and flour the pan; set aside.
Loaf - To a large bowl, add the eggs, sugar, sour cream, and whisk vigorously until smooth and combined.
Add the flour, baking powder, salt, and stir until just combined, don't overmix.
Turn the batter out into prepared pan, Add your cinnamon glaze layer by layer smoothing the top lightly with a spatula and swirl it with a fork.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 45.401634
Retrieved Text: I have another way to incorporate Nutella into your diet. Berry Nutella swirl bread!
I simply took my favorite cinnamon roll dough and substituted fresh berries and Nutella in place of the cinnamon-sugar filling. Roll it up into a log and divide it into two equal parts.
Then you have the choice of baking it into a rectangle bread loaf (in a traditional 9″x5″ bread pan) or a round bread (in a 8″ cake pan). You can also slice the log into 12 parts and create berry Nutella swirl rolls.
Once the bread has cooled, it’s time to slice! Because one can never have too much Nutella, go ahead and spread some on the sliced bread and eat enjoy!
This Berry Nutella Swirl Bread is sure to please Nutella fans. The chocolate hazelnut spread works wonderfully with fresh berries to create a beautiful and tasty bread loaf! You can also use this recipe to create berry Nutella swirl rolls (like cinnamon rolls).
Sprinkle yeast over warm water. Add 1/4 tsp sugar and stir to combine. Let sit for 5 minutes to allow mixture to bubble and activate.
Transfer dough to a lightly greased bowl. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let sit at room temperature for 60-90 minutes until dough has doubled.
Punch down dough. Divide dough into two equal portions. Transfer to a lightly floured work surface. Roll dough into a 16x12 inch rectangle.
Spread Nutella evenly over the dough, leaving a 1/4-inch border around all the sides. Spread berries over Nutella. Gently press berries into dough. Roll dough into a tight log,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.306763
Retrieved Text: Pumpkin, pumpkin everywhere. I had to jump in and join the party. Keeping it simple, by taking our most favorite Banana Bread recipe and replacing mashed bananas with pumpkin puree. The result is a Pumpkin Pecan Bread that is super moist, not too pumpkin-y, with subtle hints of cinnamon.
So about that failed attempt at a cream cheese swirl. At the last minute I decided to add an ever popular twist. With the batter already in my loaf pans, I softened 4 ounces of cream cheese and stirred in a 1/2 cup brown sugar. Dolloped it on top and tried to swirl it into the batter. I’m leaving that part out of the recipe below, although feel free to give it a go.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease 2 8 x 4-inch loaf pans.
Beat butter and cream cheese at medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy. Gradually add sugar, beating until light and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating just until blended after each addition. Add in pumpkin puree and vanilla.
In a separate bowl, combine flour and next 4 ingredients, gradually add to butter mixture, beating at low speed until just blended. Stir in toasted pecans. Divide equally into loaf pans.
Bake for 1 hour or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire rack for 10 minutes, then cool another 15 minutes out of pans before slicing.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.70326
Retrieved Text: Pepperidge Farm Swirl Raisin Cinnamon Breakfast Bread, 16 oz.
About Pepperidge Farm: For us, baking is more than a job. It's a real passion. Each day, our bakers take the time to make every cookie, pastry, cracker, and loaf of bread the best way they know how - by using simple, quality ingredients. Baking requires knowledge of the craft, a spirit of exploration and, inspired ideas. At Pepperidge Farm, we have been honing and perfecting our chosen craft for generations, and our bakers care deeply about what that means. It's the little things that make simple food taste special. We believe in doing things right, and we just happen to love it.Welcome the day with a slice of delicious Pepperidge Farm Raisin Cinnamon Swirl Bread. Every slice of our golden-baked, wholesome bread has the aroma and delicious taste of plump, juicy raisins and cinnamon swirled right in. From our oven to your toaster, it's the perfect way to start your family's day.
New Grains Gluten Free Cinnamon Raisin Bread is a culinary explosion of taste and texture combined with the sassy hint of cinnamon and the sweet blend of pure honey, cold pressed coconut oil and plump California Raisins. Perfect breakfast, snack or treat!
Oregon Trail Raisin Cinnamon with Vanilla Bread - 2-32 oz.
The raisin variety recently took top honors in the Ideas category during the 2nd Annual California Raisin Bread Contest sponsored by the California Raisin Marketing Board.
One of our most popular artisan breads. It's no wonder, because this bread is packed with healthy jumbo flame raisins, golden

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.49358
Retrieved Text: This Awesome Country Apple Fritter Bread is one of the top recipes on the blog!
It’s so versatile, delicious and it sure doesn’t last long!
The verdict seems to be, you need to bake two…because the first one will disappear in no time.
I like to use Granny Smith Apples in most of my apple recipes, because I like a little sweet and tart together.
You can use whatever kind of apples you love. But if you need a recommendation for an apple type to use, go here.
Kim Lange makes Apple Fritter Bread, as seen on Food Network’s The Kitchen, Season 20.
2 large apples any kind, peeled and chopped small, but not fine. Then toss apples with 2 tablespoons granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon just before adding it to the bread mixture.
1-3 tablespoons of milk or cream- depending on thickness of glaze wanted. For more apple fritter style like the apple fritter donut- use more milk for a thinner glaze that you can pour over the whole loaf.
In another medium-sized bowl, beat 2/3 cup granulated sugar and 1/2 cup softened butter together using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy.
Beat in 2 eggs, one at a time until blended in; add in 1 & 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract and mix in.
Add the flour mixture into creamed butter mixture and mix until blended.
Mix 1/2 cup milk into batter and continue mixing until smooth.
Pour half the batter into the prepared loaf pan; add half the chopped apple mixture with the sugar and cinnamon added in.
Sprinkle 1/2 of the brown sugar/cinnamon mixture

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.677567
Retrieved Text: Originally, this classic sweet bread was simply a sourdough bread that was made occasionally by members of a congregation to help feed the poor, elderly and infirm, hence the name. Many purists still use this bread as a token of friendship and make it the same way that has been made for generations, using soured milk. Again, hence the name sourdough. The addition of apple juice plumped raisins is a Yankee idea, but who says the Yank's can't coexist with the Amish? I invite any of the Amish population here in PA to send me handed-down recipes, I adore time honored traditions that are still carried on to this day.
One hour before preparing, bring dried cranberries and apple juice to a boil over high heat. Remove from heat and set aside. Preheat oven to 350-degrees F. Grease 1 loaf pan well with nonstick cooking spray, paying close attention to the corners and bottom.
For the bread: In the bowl of a standing mixer, or use a hand-held electric mixer, cream butter, sugars and eggs on high until fluffy. Reduce speed to medium and add the yogurt, flour(a 1/2 cup at a time), instant pudding mix and baking powder. Fold in the soaked cranberries, drained.
For the swirl-in: In a separate bowl, mix together brown sugar, cinnamon and cocoa powder until well combined.
Pour half the bread batter into a greased loaf pan, top with Cinnamon/Cocoa Swirl-in and swirl in with a butter knife. Pour remainder of batter over the top and bake for 40-45 minutes, or until a toothpick

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.56669
Retrieved Text: With the release of The Hunger Games movie on DVD and Blu-Ray, I couldn't resist posting about Peeta's Nut and Raisin Bread. This was the bread Peeta purposely burnt so he could toss it to Katniss when she was starving and desperate. It was such an iconic scene! The bread served as her lifeline. An eternal debt she could never fully repay.
I used the Cinnamon Raisin Walnut Bread recipe from the Brown Eyed Baker. (If you haven't heard about the Brown Eyed Baker, you definitely need to check her out! She makes some of the most decadent treats I've ever seen.) The recipe makes 2 loaves so I created one rustic loaf and another loaf baked in a bread pan with a cinnamon sugar swirl.
For the raisins, I used Trader Joe's Jumbo Raisin Medley, which had seedless golden light raisins, flame raisins, and jumbo raisins. It added more color and variety.
Katniss described the bread as "good hearty bread, filled with raisins and nuts," which is exactly what the recipe gave me.
For the rustic loaf, I omitted the cinnamon sugar to make it more true to the book since cinnamon sugar was never mentioned. It came out soft and chewy and very lightly sweetened by the raisins.
For the cinnamon swirl version, I followed Pinch My Salt's directions for forming the loaf. (Pinch My Salt is another amazing blog you should check out!) I really liked the sweetness the cinnamon sugar added so I'd use it again the next time I make this bread.
I couldn't bring myself to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.290936
Retrieved Text: I hope you like the new change to the website. Well, she is cuter than I am anyway.
Cinnamon Swirl Bread is about $2.50-$5 at the grocery store. This costs about 50 cents to make!
1. Get out your bread maker and follow its instructions for the Dough setting. I have an Oster and it says to put all the wet ingredients in first and then add the dry. Pile the flour in a heap and poke a hole in the middle with your finger. Pour the yeast into the hole. Hit Start on Dough setting.
2. Take out the dough and roll it onto a floured surface. One side of the rectangle should be about 9″ since that is the length of the pan. They other side is probably 16″ or so. I didn’t measure, but roll into a rectangle.
3. Beat one egg white and brush this onto the entire rectangle. Then sprinkle with cinnamon or cinnamon/sugar mixture. Drizzle honey on top of the cinnamon if not using sugar.
4. Roll the dough starting at the long end. Place the dough into a greased 9×5″ loaf pan with the seam facing down. Allow to rise again for about 45 minutes.
5. Preheat oven to 350 degrees and bake for about 30 minutes.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.735703
Retrieved Text: My husband came upstairs and said, “Whatever that is that you made – it actually tastes really good.” To some, this may seem a little…snarky? But coming from my husband – a man who’s dessert intake in strictly limited to rice crispy treats and brownies – it was a huge compliment. He ate one of my desserts, of his own free will, and he liked it.
These turned out a little more cake-y than sugar cookie-y for me…it was my first try and I very well could have mixed them funny (I think I forgot to press the batter into the pan) – but regardless, they were really good. Definitely a repeat!
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a mixing bowl whisk together flour, cornstarch, cinnamon, baking powder, salt and powdered milk for 30 seconds, set aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, whip together butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar until pale and fluffy, scraping down sides and bottom of bowl occasionally. Add in eggs one at time mixing until combined after each addition. Blend in sour cream and vanilla. With mixer set on low speed, slowly add in dry ingredients and mix just until combined. Butter and 13 by 9-inch baking dish, then with buttered hands gently press and spread cookie dough into an even layer in dish. Bake in preheated oven until toothpick inserted into center comes out clean, 17 – 21 minutes. Allow to cool completely then frost with cream cheese frosting. Cut into squares and store

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.50907
Retrieved Text: Add all the ingredients except the 1 tablespoon cinnamon (only add 1 teaspoon cinnamon at this point) to a blender, NutriBullet, or food processor. (If you're using plain vanilla protein powder, add 1 teaspoon additional cinnamon.) Process until smooth.
Spray a loaf pan with coconut oil. If you don't have coconut oil spray, melt a teaspoon or so of coconut oil, dip a paper towel in it, and wipe on the bottom and sides of the loaf pan. You can also use regular nonstick spray.
Pour the batter into the pan. Scoop 1/4 cup of the batter back out of the pan and place it in a small bowl. Add the remaining tablespoon cinnamon and stir well.
Dollop the cinnamon batter mixture onto the top of the regular batter. Swirl using a spatula or spoon. Be careful not to over-swirl, as you'll lose the pretty effect.
Bake for 30-35 minutes, until edges are brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out mostly clean.
Allow to cool and then slice into 6 pieces.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.50251
Retrieved Text: “One of the biggest myths is that people slip on banana peels as often in real life as they do on Tv!”.
You know you are a baker when you are glad to see spots on your bananas ! One of the best ways to put those ripening fruit to good and delicious use is to make some.. What else but good ol’ banana bread ! I say good ol’ but the truth is that I first heard of banana bread only around two years back when I started baking and stalking baking blogs. Then I saw it making its way into bakery displays and dessert counters.
In fact , I m not sure why it’s called banana bread ? It’s more like a cake made in a loaf pan. Every baker worth their salt probably has a favourite recipe. This is one , I ve kind of made my own after trying several. I don’t know if it’s the best , but it’s pretty darn good ! Moist and scrumptious.
I have added in cinnamon raisin into the basic bread because the husband is fond of raisins. And I am so not ! That’s just optional but I just find that the spice adds a little something extra to the bread instead of it being all sweet .
The bread has a wonderful aroma as it bakes and even when you have a slice after a day. It’s a moist , sweet bread and the edges are to die for. The flavour of bananas is robust . And the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.76527
Retrieved Text: Cheesecake and Nutella. I don’t think any more enticement is needed.
An easy cheesecake bar recipe that will feed a crowd, and you don’t have to fight with a water bath.
Mix crushed graham crackers, butter and sugar and press into a 1/2 sheet pan for thin bars or a 9×13” pan for thicker bars (you may want less crust for 9×13” pan).
Using a mixer, blend cream cheese, sugar, flour, vanilla and salt until well blended. Beat in eggs just until mixed through. Pour over crust. Warm Nutella in the microwave for about 30 seconds. Drizzle over cheesecake batter. Use a knife to swirl.
Place a broiler pan (or other large pan) on the bottom rack of the oven. Pour about 1/2” of hot water in the pan. Place cheesecake pan on the middle oven rack. Bake at 350°F for 25 minutes for a 1/2 sheet pan, or about 45 minutes for a 9×13” pan, or until set.
Don’t you love it that you can mix together the same basic ingredients, but bake it in a loaf pan instead of a round pan, and you suddenly have bread for “breakfast”, instead of cake for “dessert” ?!
Add a couple of ingredients like Pumpkin and Nutella, and you’ve just added vegetables and nuts (ie protein!), and now you can really fool yourself into thinking that you are eating a balanced meal.
If you have never eaten Nutella, you are definitely missing out. It is a creamy, spreadable combination of ground hazelnuts and chocolate. Cooking with it leaves you with a great excuse to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.645653
Retrieved Text: If you love the smell of cinnamon and nutmeg baking in the oven, then bake up a loaf of this Swirled Cinnamon Bread. It’s a great way to celebrate the Fall baking season!
What was your favorite board game as a kid? Personally, I loved Clue. Every once in a while, I’d play Monopoly, but I felt like that game just went on forever. (Seriously…how many people have ever actually finished a game of Monopoly?) But even better than Clue was Mouse Trap! Have you ever played that game? It’s listed as ages 6+, so chances are you played it as a kid, or perhaps with your kids. It’s basically a kid version of a Rube Goldberg machine.
If you aren’t familiar with a Rube Goldberg machine, then a quick explanation is in order. It’s essentially a contraption that links a bunch of simple actions together to create a domino effect. The end result is an overly complex machine that eventually completes a very simple task. For instance, the Guinness Book of World Records shared a video of a Rube Goldberg machine that takes 4.5 minutes (and that’s sped-up video time) to light a Christmas tree. Could you just reach down and plug in said tree? Of course. But using marbles, levers, pulleys, balls and all sorts of other contraptions is way more fun!
The band OK Go also created a gigantic Rube Goldberg machine for one of their music videos. Whoever did the calculations (and I’m guessing endless practice runs) to make this contraption work seriously deserves an

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.401615
Retrieved Text: There’s nothing better than fresh, homemade bread… unless it’s also homemade cinnamon swirl bread, of course! Making a cinnamon swirl loaf isn’t as hard as it sounds, I promise. In fact, it’s not all that difficult of a recipe to make at all.
The secret is that it’s not all that different from making homemade perfect wheat bread. It just has a few extra steps. My recipe is a variation of one my mom and grandma learned at a Shar’s Kitchen cooking class.
In any case, let’s get those mixers ready, shall we?
I have an older generation of this Bosch. It’s the best mixer I’ve ever had. Okay, so it’s the only mixer I’ve ever had. Even so, I’m a fan. This is the same mixer my mom used to make bread while I was growing up. These things are built to last.
6 cups of warm water. The original recipe recommends having the water at 115 degrees Fahrenheit. I’ve never measured the water temperature. I just turn on the hot water and call it good. It’s worked just fine. Want to add some extra protein and nutrients? If you make your own Greek yogurt, you can easily substitute room temperature whey for equal amounts of water. It does NOT affect the flavor of the bread.
2 tablespoons sea salt. I’ve also used kosher salt – although you’ll want to do closer to 2.25 tablespoons or the bread will lack that extra oomph.
2/3 cup canola oil. Do this before the next step. Trust me.
2/3 cup honey. If you did the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.382885
Retrieved Text: Whenever you bake for the holidays, I’ve learned that it’s a good idea to keep a huge stash of cinnamon in your kitchen, because almost everything that I’ve wanted to bake involved cinnamon. Well, now it’s after Christmas and I have all this cinnamon sitting around (raisins, too, actually), so I can’t let these good ingredients go to waste!
I was at the supermarket with my mom, getting her menu ready for the new year celebration, when out of the blue she mentioned that she craved some raisin bread. It’s still the holidays – I have time, and I don’t make bread often enough, so challenge accepted.
I did a quick Google search for a raisin bread recipe and found this one: World’s Best Cinnamon Raisin Bread (not Bread Machine). This works well for me because a) the only kind of raisin bread I would ever want to make is the world’s best and b) I don’t have a bread machine, so I could use a recipe that doesn’t require one.
The one thing I was super apprehensive about was the 2 packages of active dry yeast. I noticed that was the one thing that didn’t change when I adjusted the recipe from 3 to 2 loaves (flaw, perhaps, food dot com?), and I suspected that the flour/wet ingredients to yeast ratio was off. I ended up using a little bit less than two packets.
So the first thing I had to do was activate that yeast, which involved putting some into warm water. I boiled the water, used a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.918156
Retrieved Text: This is the best pumpkin bread ever! Tender, moist and delicious and loaded with warm spices. It’s just like your Mom used to make! This Classic Pumpkin Bread recipe will make you two loaves to snack on all fall!
There’s something about the smell of pumpkin the fall. It is so comforting! I just love it when my husband “smells like fall”, don’t you? The perfect way to achieve that is to make a delicious loaf of pumpkin bread! Well, actually this recipe makes two loaves, so you can either share it with a friend, eat two loaves or freeze one of them!
This pumpkin bread recipe was my grandma’s and I stole it out of my mom’s recipe cards. Don’t worry I copied it and left her a copy!
I need another recipe for my Scentsy party the other week and I figured this was a good fall treat to try. Since it was grandma’s I figured it was a pretty sure bet.
And boy was I right! I mean how could it fail right? Everyone know Grandma’s recipes are the BEST and if anyone knows how to make pumpkin bread, it’s definitely Grandma!
I love this because it’s easy too because the loaves are so delicious. Using canned pumpkin to make this recipe keeps the loaves moist and it’s SO simple!
Plus, it has just the right amount “spice” in it and it’s so good when it’s warm out of the oven and topped with butter!
Welcome those kids home off the bus with that and you will be the AWESOME

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.75513
Retrieved Text: I’m so excited to share this amazing Pumpkin Snickerdoodle Bread recipe I created by altering two separate recipes. It’s so good! Moist and flavorful, it’s my new go-to recipe for neighbors!
Cream butter, sugars, cinnamon and pumpkin.
Add eggs and mix lightly.
Add vanilla and sour cream, mix well.
Mix in the rest of the dry ingredients and stir just until combined.
Separate into 2 full size loaf pans.
Mix 3 tb sugar and 3 tsp cinnamon and sprinkle generously over the batter in each loaf pan.
Bake at 350 for 40 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean.
I hope you like this recipe as much as my family and I did!
Leave a comment if you try this and let me know how it turns out!! Please pin so your friends can try it too!
and these tasty Pumpkin Brownies, mmm!
and this yummy Poppyseed Grapefruit Loaf, mmm!
Pumpkin and cinnamon chips are a perfect match. I made Pumpkin Cinnamon Bread muffins last year at this time, adding the snickerdoodle topping is a great idea. So fun to see the different ways people are adapting my Snickerdoodle bread recipe. It looks delicious!
This really does look fabulous, plus I just picked up some cinnamon chips at the store! Perfect timing.
Your Pumpkin Snickerdoodle Bread recipe looks amazing!! I thinking of using it as a base for a trifle for Thanksgiving, adding a simple cream cheese frosting (butter, sugar, cream cheese and vanilla) and perhaps whipped cream on top. Since I haven’t yet tried the bread, what do you think? Thanks!
Would like to know the brand of that ceramic

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.72628
Retrieved Text: The perfect Banana Nut Bread. This recipe is moist throughout and bakes perfectly.
Start by preheating your oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare a 4×8 loaf pan lightly with non-stick cooking spray and set aside. You don’t want to over grease it so add just enough to coat so your bread does not stick. Now peel and mash bananas then add to a stand mixer or you could use a large mixing bowl using a hand mixer. Add in butter, sugar, egg, and vanilla extract. Mix together. In a separate bowl whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt. Add this to wet ingredients and whisk together until well combined but do not over mix. Last, just fold in crushed pecans. Pour batter into your prepared loaf pan and bake for 50-60 minutes or until cooked through. Allow cooling slightly before removing from pan and serving.
H0w long should I leave the bread in the pan after baking?
To make sure your bread comes out in one peace you want to start with a light non-stick cooking spray before adding the batter. Then after it’s baked leaving it I the pan will help keep it a together. I leave mine about 10 minutes before removing.
How can I tell when my banana bread is done?
Start checking your bread at the 50-minute mark or even 5 minutes before. Insert a toothpick and if it comes out clean you know it is done.
Can use another type of nut?
I use pecans for this recipe but you could substitute them for walnuts.
Hash brown Casserole: Creamy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.67186
Retrieved Text: This moist and tender gluten free pumpkin swirl bread is packed with fall spices and will fill your home with the best smells of the season.
I consider fall to be the most wonderful time of the year. Not only is school back in session (I’ll take the chaos of back-to-school over the chaos of teenagers with too much unstructured time), but there’s a chill in the air, and every candy in the world has miniature sizes for sale 🍫.
What sort of pumpkin 🎃 is best for baking?
I rarely make fresh pumpkin for baking, since I just don’t think it’s better than canned packed pumpkin. And of course, it’s much more work than just purchasing an inexpensive can of packed pumpkin.
So for me, the best pumpkin for baking is the kind that comes in a can! But if you’d like to make your own, in my recipe for homemade pumpkin butter, I discuss how to roast a fresh pumpkin.
I’ve found that the best pumpkins for baking are small “sugar pumpkins,” preferably ones that are around 5 pounds. When baked, they have dense, soft flesh that isn’t stringy.
The large pumpkins that you use for carving jack-o-lanterns are just the worst for baking. But the easiest, and often the best, pumpkin is canned.
True, the canned stuff might not always be pumpkin, but instead might be butternut squash. Either way, it tastes like true pumpkin and that’s all that matters—especially when it’s paired with all the flavors and aromas of pumpkin pie spice.
I’ve been making a beloved recipe for gluten

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.523403
Retrieved Text: While pizza purists among us might say that adding anything except the basic ingredients to pizza dough is wrong, sometimes the urge to experiment gets in the way of tradition. Next thing you know, there's a Reuben pizza with a rye crust or a sweet-crusted deep-dish dessert pizza on the table.
Not that I'm encouraging that sort of aberrant behavior, but if you're going to start flinging things into your pizza dough, you might as well do it armed with a little bit of knowledge about what might happen. This is also a handy list to have on hand if your dough has somehow gone awry and you want to try to salvage or repurpose it.
While many possible additions, such as seeds, are mostly benign when it comes to the behavior or structure of dough, others can have a dramatic impact on the yeast or gluten in your dough and thus, your finished product.
This is by no means a complete list of the things you might throw into a dough in a moment of whimsy, but here, in alphabetical order, are some fairly common items you can add, and how they affect your dough.
Ascorbic acid: Strengthens the gluten. Dough can be baked at a higher proof level when ascorbic acid is added. Typically recipes that call for ascorbic acid use about a teaspoon per average loaf.
Baking powder: Some breads include this as a secondary leavening agent. A teaspoon per cup of flour is about the maximum you'll find in most recipes.
Beer: Creates a supple dough. Depending on

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.448654
Retrieved Text: Print the Paleo Cinnamon Pumpkin Recipe here!
'Tis the season for all things pumpkin. It should come as no surprise to you that I love pumpkin everything by now. I could cook and bake with pumpkin all year long (and sort of do), but it does something magical to recipes in the fall & winter.
Today I'm sharing a recipe for Paleo cinnamon pumpkin bread. Pumpkin + cinnamon = heaven.
Preheat the oven to 350* F. Grease a loaf pan with baking spray or coconut oil, unless you're using a non-stick loaf pan. Sprinkle the bottom of the loaf pan with an ample amount of cinnamon and coconut sugar. This will coat the top of your loaf once you remove it from the pan.
In a large bowl, mix together all of the wet ingredients. In a separate bowl, mix together all of the dry ingredients. Then combine them together using a hand mixer. Beat on low to medium until thoroughly combined. You may add additional pumpkin pie spice or cinnamon if you prefer it.
Pour the batter into the loaf pan and shift it a little bit to make sure the batter spreads evenly in the pan before placing it into the oven.
Bake at 350* F for 55 minutes to 1 hour. Insert a toothpick into the center, if it comes out clean it is done baking.
You can see the darkened top of the loaf from the cinnamon and coconut sugar. Delicious! And a thing of beauty, if I do say so myself. It popped right out of the pan

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.413643
Retrieved Text: This Best EVER Banana Bread recipe is the only one you will ever need! It's easy, flavorful, and will quickly become your new favorite.
... you a boatload of bananas, you make mini banana bread loaves! This recipe only takes 30 minutes to bake and leaves delicious and moist mini quick-bread.
Cinnamon Swirl Banana Bread I need to make this like NOW.
Single Serving Blender Banana Bread recipe makes 1 mini loaf or 3 muffins.
Ultimate Banana Bread Watch How to Make It!
Moist Banana Bread Recipe – The Best Banana Bread Ever. SERIOUSLY, my boyfriend can't ever get enough of this!
This beautiful, moist Cranberry Banana Bread is easy to make and just perfect for the Holidays! Freezer Friendly too!
Banana Banana Bread | "Very moist and nice strong banana flavor."

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.373974
Retrieved Text: Quick and easy cinnamon roll cake recipe (cinnamon cake or cinnamon swirl cake), homemade with simple ingredients. Super soft and moist! Starts off with a yellow cake mix and is loaded with swirls of cinnamon sugar.
Imagine all the flavors of my Easy Homemade Cinnamon Rolls (1 Hour) but in a cake form. That’s the beauty of today’s recipe! You can enjoy it for dessert or even breakfast and brunch.
This cake surprisingly has no butter or oil but it still has this amazing butter flavor, thanks to the use of vanilla pudding mix. It’s very soft and fluffy but still firm, like a pound cake and overall, has an incredible texture.
How to make cinnamon roll cake?
Prepare the cake batter by mixing together cake mix, pudding mix, eggs, milk, water.
Spread more batter on top.
Sprinkle cinnamon sugar mixture again.
Add chocolate chips- Nothing tastes better than chocolate and cinnamon together. Add some mini chocolate chips in the cinnamon mixture. Don’t use regular sized chocolate chips. They must be mini-sized to prevent the chocolate cinnamon cake from sinking to the bottom of the pan.
Add a crumb topping or streusel topping– After you have spread the cake batter in a loaf pan, top it off with a streusel topping (made by mixing together coconut, flour, butter, some sugar into a crumbly mixture) and then, bake. This makes a great cinnamon coffee cake, also known as cinnamon streusel coffee cake or even cinnamon crumb cake.
Make a bundt cake– Instead of a loaf pan, use a simple bundt pan (10 cup pan) without any

================



======= Instance Index 1307 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How do I slice a vanilla bean when making ice cream?

Choice 1: To slice a vanilla bean, carefully slice it in half across its full length using a paring knife

Choice 2: To slice a vanilla bean, carefully slice it in half across its full length using a butter knife

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 51.02449
Retrieved Text: One Scoop or Two with a Cherry on Top?
I n my neck of the woods we are definitely in the dog days of Summer with temps in the upper 90's and heat index values even higher. This heat is nothing to play around with.
Aside from a lengthy dip in the pool, I can't think of anything else that provides quick relief from a heat wave like a delicious bowl of ice cream.
When it comes to ice cream, homemade is in a class by itself.
Wouldn't you like to take a bite out of this?
Before I dive any further into this refreshing bowl of ice cream, allow me to share the inspiration behind this post.
I'm not quite sure why I started collecting ice cream scoops but I have amassed a quite a few over the past couple of years.
While I favor the more vintage-style, wooden handled scoops, my kids love the more whimsical, cow-styled scoop (under $10 on Amazon).
Gotta admit, this scoop is pretty darn "udderly" cute.
Well, my ice cream scoops (combined with our current heat wave) got me thinking about the subject for today's blog post.
Of course, this blog post is less about my small, quirky collection of scoops and more about the yumminess I like to put in them.
I used a really simple Vanilla recipe that requires only five easy ingredients including 1-cup whole milk, 2-cups heavy cream, 3/4-cup sugar and 2 vanilla beans and a tiny pinch of salt.
I've always loved the taste and smell of vanilla but I never actually used a vanilla bean

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.05235
Retrieved Text: One of our most consistently popular posts is our Red Wine Ice Cream Recipe. As it turns out, people want more wine in their lives, and they would particularly like it in a form they can just shovel into their mouths with a spoon.
As a little Valentine’s Day treat to myself and you all, I decided to kick that wine ice cream recipe up a notch and turn it into an ice cream sundae. Some ice cream sundaes you could virtually pile on any toppings and it would be delicious. But because we’re adults and this is wine ice cream, I wanted to very carefully select the extras.
We’ll start with the creamy red wine ice cream base. Made with an entire bottle of red wine, brown sugar, real vanilla beans, a little cinnamon, and plenty of dairy. It’s sweet with a nice tang to it.
Because the red wine ice cream is made with vanilla beans, I thought the best whipped cream to go on top would be simple a vanilla bean flavor. Really easy to make. All you need is some heavy cream, a little sugar, and a fresh vanilla bean. If you want it to be puffy and have the consistency as mine, you will need a whipped cream canister. If you don’t have one, you can still make it, your whipped cream just won’t be as stiff.
I knew we would also need some kind of sauce or syrup to go on top. I honestly did think of making a homemade dark chocolate magic shell,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.753357
Retrieved Text: Combine all of the ingredients in a blender and before you blend, slice the vanilla bean lengthwise and then run a knife down the inside of the bean to extract the seeds. Add these to the other ingredients in the blender and blend until smooth. Transfer ingredients into said ice cream maker and voilà. It’s that easy. Literally I think going to the grocery store is the hardest part of the recipe. You may want to keep the ice cream in the freezer until just before you serve. This stuff melts fast!Combine all of the ingredients in a blender and before you blend, slice the vanilla bean lengthwise and then run a knife down the inside of the bean to extract the seeds. Add these to the other ingredients in the blender and blend until smooth. Transfer ingredients into said ice cream maker and voilà. It’s that easy. Literally I think going to the grocery store is the hardest part of the recipe. You may want to keep the ice cream in the freezer until just before you serve. This stuff melts fast!
If you don’t have an ice cream maker, you can slice the bananas into thin pieces and freeze on parchment lined baking sheets, preferably overnight. Add these and the rest of the ingredients into a blender blend until smooth and serve immediately. This will have a bit more of a soft serve texture, but still really delicious!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.662384
Retrieved Text: homemade ice cream maker mini ice cream machine home small children ice cream machine homemade ice cream maker bargains on quart wood bucket ice cream maker homemade ice cream quart wood bucket ice cream maker homemade ice cream maker makes up to.
homemade ice cream maker homemade vanilla bean ice cream dont waste the crumbs finally a homemade vanilla bean ice cream that tastes like the rich and creamy ice.
homemade ice cream maker nostalgia electrics old fashioned wood ice cream maker quart electric old fashioned homemade ice cream maker frozen quart electric old fashioned homemade ice cream maker frozen dessert machine.
homemade ice cream maker .
homemade ice cream maker homemadeicecream homemade vanilla bean ice cream dont waste the crumbs finally a homemade vanilla bean ice cream that tastes like the rich and creamy ice.
homemade ice cream maker old fashioned bucket ice cream maker ingredient homemade ice cream recipe without an ice cream maker.
homemade ice cream maker this no churn salted caramel ice cream recipe is made without an ice cream maker bed bath beyond tv watch old fashioned ice cream maker nostalgia electrics old fashioned wood ice cream maker.
homemade ice cream maker how to make the best homemade vanilla ice cream recipe including variations for many different fruit how to make vanilla ice cream without an ice cream maker image titled make vanilla ice cream without an ice cream maker step.
homemade ice cream maker homeade ice cream maker vegan vanilla ice cream homemade ice cream maker amazon homemade ice cream how to make homemade ice cream in a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.155014
Retrieved Text: Two of my children's therapists came to visit on a hot summer day. I offered each a dish of an exquisite yet refreshing frozen dessert. It was intensely peach flavored, gently sweet, slightly tangy, not too rich, and subtly fragrant of something exotic. They were surprised to hear how easy it was to make at home. You can't get this kind of thing at your grocery store.
How did this recipe come to be? I bought some peaches that smelled wonderful. Unfortunately, their texture was a little mealy and I knew they wouldn't get eaten before they went bad.
I decided to make ice cream.
Then I remembered I didn't have any cream.
Gelato, an Italian frozen dessert, can be made with milk instead of cream, so I opted for that instead. We always have whole milk on hand for the kids. I wanted something a little more exciting than the gelato recipes I found online, so I added some sour cream, vanilla bean, and cardamom.
I find the easiest way to peel a peach is to blanch it. Bring a pot of water to a boil. Drop the peaches in and boil for about a minute. Remove a peach with tongs and wipe away the skin with a towel or paper towel. If it comes away easily, it's ready. Remove the pot from the heat and rub the skin off all the peaches.
Slice the peaches, removing the pits.
Puree them in a blender or food processor.
Whisk the sugar and cornstarch together in a dry pot. Whisk in the cold whole milk,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.903584
Retrieved Text: I've been posting about the joys of making homemade ice cream for a long time now but I have modified my recipe for the better and I wanted to share it with you. Making homemade ice cream is super easy and delicious. Not only do you know exactly what is in your ice cream, but you can make any combination of flavors that you want.
In my old recipe, I used a simple mixture of cream, half and half, sugar and whatever flavorings I wanted (I did not want to make ice cream with eggs). Now this worked just fine and was absolutely lucious and delicious. The problem was keeping the leftover ice cream in the freezer - it would form ice crystals and the ice cream wasn't so creamy anymore. This problem is solved by simply adding a cornstarch slurry and a little light corn syrup into the mixture, which prevents this crystallization.
This method is based on Jeni Brotton Bauer's ice cream making methods. She is the owner of Jeni's Splendid Ice Cream stores and has written a book about making homemade ice cream. She figured out the chemistry of making ice cream and came up with a method that ensures a creamy mixture that will not form ice crystals. In her recipe, there is an added step of adding cream cheese to the mixture, which I have omitted. I wanted to see if I could keep it simple and still have a mixture that remained creamy. It does.
It's important in this recipe to let the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.837284
Retrieved Text: It's true that I like all kinds of ice cream, but when you get right down to it, vanilla is my favorite. Whenever there's a choice of vanilla or chocolate, I'm going for the vanilla. Even as a child waiting in line to buy a Mister Softee cone, I always picked vanilla. It's the basis for a perfect sundae. It's the go-to ice cream to serve on top of pies and cobblers. Pour a little caramel sauce on top and I'm in heaven!
Heat the milk, salt, and sugar in a saucepan. In a separate bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and gradually add some of the warmed milk, stirring constantly as you pour. Pour the warmed yolk/milk mixture back into the saucepan.
Cook over low heat, stirring constantly and scraping the bottom with a heat-resistant spatula until the custard thickens enough to coat the spatula. Strain the custard into the heavy cream. Add vanilla extract. Place bowl in the fridge until completely chilled. Freeze in your ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Transfer to a freezer safe container and freeze until firm.
Cookies and Cream: Simply chop some Oreos or other favorite chocolate sandwich cookie.
Heath Bar Crunch: Just as the name says, simply add chopped Heath bars or toffee bits.
Cookie Dough - Mix up a batch of cookie dough (using pasteurized eggs or pasteurized liquid egg products). Roll dough into a log and chill until firm. Slice dough into wheels then cut each wheel into small pieces.
Chocolate Chip: Chop up a bar of your favorite chocolate

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.58018
Retrieved Text: Hi Quinn, thanks for submitting.
1. Do I need to wash the vanilla bean?
2. I do not have vanilla extract, is it ok to omit?
3. Can I use frozen dairy whipping cream for this?
4. Last step, "whisk to cool". Use balloon whisk or mixer?
Does the egg whites affect the taste or texture of the ice cream?
Anonymous: No, do not wash the vanilla bean! Do you have vanilla essence? Double it up. If you really have neither, omit it. Yes, any cream would do, it's no rocket science in ice cream making. Use one of those hand held electric whisk or a processor or a blender. Balloon whisk would be too fragile for semi-firm ice cream.
triplescoopdesserts: The egg whites were in no way affecting taste nor texture. It's not overly creamy but it's good.
Great ice cream recipe, and even better with not having to use a machine, I don't have one so like that it isn't needed. Thanks for sharing.
Me and my hubby agree with you, "everyone should have a good tub of quality luscious vanilla ice cream in their freezer at all times." If you wont mind I'd love to guide Foodista readers to your post. Just add the foodista widget to the end of this post so it will appear in the Foodista pages and it's all set, Thanks!
You have inspired me to get in the kitchen and make some homemade ice cream. Why buy when it really does sound easy to make.
Anonymous: Yes frozen whip cream are suitable to use, i have tried it before

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.521545
Retrieved Text: I did make a few changes to the recipe since I needed to make it gluten-free and vegan for my family�s needs, but that was easily done by switching out the traditional Corn Flakes for Erewhon�s Organic Gluten Free Corn Flakes and by using So Delicious�s Coconut Milk Vanilla Bean Ice Cream for the ice cream.
How To Make Deep Fried Ice Cream With Corn Flakes. Whether a classic New York cheesecake or an inventive new creation Before injecting each dose, clean the injection site with rubbing alcohol.
Make thick batter of corn flour and maida. Step 2: Add the ice cream and fry Put 2 tbsp of ice-cream on the bread slice, roll the bread slice into a bowl, dip in the batter and deep fry in the hot oil. Serve garnished with honey.
Directions. Form ice cream into balls about the size of a baseball. You will need to put each one in the freezer as you make them. Roll each in corn flakes then roll in eggs, then once more in flakes to completely coat.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.433952
Retrieved Text: Today I hope you’ll give a very warm welcome to Andrea from Wild Bean Vanilla Co, one of my sponsors. I asked her to tell us a bit about her company, which she started with her hubs! She’s got some great info, ideas and recipes, so please give her a warm welcome and be sure to check out her site!
Hello all! A big thank you to Alexa, for inviting me to guest post on her blog. My name is Andrea, and together my husband Chad and I own Wild Bean Vanilla Company. We specialize in handcrafted vanilla extracts, vanilla beans, flavored extracts and vanilla related products like ground vanilla and vanilla caviar. When Alexa invited me to post on her blog and introduce the company, I was happy to do so, but I also wanted to make sure I gave her readers something useful too! Let’s talk a little bit about the different types of vanilla beans, and then I’ll share a recipe for making your own extract!
Chad and I started our company after a friend gave us a bottle of real handcrafted vanilla extract. My reaction: Wow I didn’t know it was possible to make your own extract! I thought that was pretty awesome, but even more cool was the taste difference that it made in our foods! When making recipes for our blog, I like to split the recipe in half, then try a different kind of vanilla extract in each, to see which tastes better. I was shocked to notice how much difference

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.918846
Retrieved Text: Salty Caramel: Jeni's Ugandan Vanilla Bean Ice Cream: An Exotic, Artisanal Delight.
Jeni's Ugandan Vanilla Bean Ice Cream: An Exotic, Artisanal Delight.
THE NEW SIGNATURE FLAVOR AT JENI'S: UGANDAN VANILLA BEAN ICE CREAM.
Jeni's aficionados already know the score, but today the news becomes official: Ugandan Vanilla Bean Ice Cream is the new Honey Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, and from here on out the exotic offering will be one of our Signature Flavors. That's right: exotic vanilla ice cream.
To the uninitiated, a news flash regarding vanilla ice cream might not register more than a blip on one's radar of daily concerns. But, as anyone who has tasted any Jeni's flavors knows, equal amounts of thought, time, care and rare ingredients are put into making something as seemingly unassuming as a vanilla ice cream as, say, more peacock-ish delights such as Roxbury Road or Ylang Ylang Honeycomb.
We began making Ugandan Vanilla Bean Ice Cream a few years ago and since then have intermittently offered it as a seasonal flavor. (Since late last fall, it's been part of our Hats Off Collection.) And while Honey Vanilla Bean Ice Cream is delicious in its own right, Ugandan Vanilla Bean Ice Cream elevates one of ice cream history's basic flavors to marquee status.
Made with sea salt, Ohio honey and vanilla (bought directly from Lulu Sturdy and our friends at her fair-trade-certified Ndali Estate in southeast Africa), our Ugandan Vanilla Bean Ice Cream is heady, pure comfort and borderline narcotic.
As with coffee, wine and chocolate, vanilla strongly takes on the characteristics of the land

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.740643
Retrieved Text: Sparkling lemonade in a tall, meringue and pie-crumble coated glass, topped with a giant scoop of vanilla bean ice cream, a slice of lemon bar and plenty of meringue frosting—bruléed for true pie appeal.
Scoop three #12 scoops of Blue Bunny Simple Scoops Vanilla Bean Ice Cream into prepared glass. Top with sparkling lemonade.
Top sparkling lemonade with ¼ cup meringue and brulèe it. Place lemon bar over brulèed meringue and serve immediately.
Substitute marshmallow crème for the fresh meringue if desired.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.59736
Retrieved Text: A decadent creamy vanilla bean and cinnamon ice cream infused with delicious apple crisp is the best of both worlds.
Apple crisp topped with vanilla ice cream is one of the great pleasures in life. I can still remember making apple pies as a kid. The smell that fills the house is unforgettable. I’ve since migrated to making apple crisps instead of pies because it is just so much easier to make the crumble topping.
I started wondering the other day what would happen if the apple crisp and the vanilla ice cream were combined to create apple crisp ice cream. If that sounds like it would be pretty wonderful to you; then you are in luck, because it turns out to be so amazing.
The ice cream is a vanilla bean and cinnamon base, which goes perfectly with the apple crisp. First, make the ice cream base with the milk, cream, sugar, salt, cinnamon and vanilla bean. When the sugar is dissolved, the base will steep for 30-minutes to infuse the vanilla bean and cinnamon flavors. The egg yolks are then tempered with the hot milk mixture and the base is chilled completely before spinning in the ice cream machine.
You can really use any apple crisp, but I happen to already have an awesome Easier than Pie Apple Crisp recipe ready for you. You will definitely want the apple crisp to be completely cooled before adding it to the ice cream, but you already knew that. Chop 2 1/2 cups (about 2/3 of a pie pan) of apple

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.481403
Retrieved Text: My daughter and I cook and do recipes together at home. I’m a chef encouraging a good food attitude and a little know-how. We don’t do fads, just good food.
It’s my new friends Me & My Girl’s first blog birthday. HAPPY BLOGGING BIRTHDAY! So I thought we’d make them a cake to celebrate. Ice Cream cake!
Reading ice cream recipes is exciting until you get to the end where it says ‘Now put the mixture in the ice cream machine and follow the manufacturer’s instructions, or words to that effect. *Sigh* Not everybody owns an ice cream machine. Or needs to.
This recipe is easy to do at home, great for getting kids involved (like they need encouragement to help with ice cream cake) and all you need is a mixer or electric beater.
Line a small loaf tin with a little oil spray and then cling film. Whip your cream and refrigerate. Melt half the chocolate and put aside. Crumble the biscuits and put aside.
Heat the sugar, water and vanilla bean until syrupy. Beat the eggs until fluffy, then slowly drizzle in the hot sugar syrup. Keep beating until pale. Fold in the mascarpone and then the whipped cream and chopped chocolate.
Now layer the mixture in your tin 1/4 at a time, drizzling chocolate and scattering biscuit crumbs between the layers. Freeze overnight. Turn out and slice to serve. Use a few berries to accompany.
Kid helped with beating the cream, and the eggs. Please be careful with the hot sugar syrup around the kids. Kid helped with all

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.23419
Retrieved Text: Clean and slice figs. Place in the jar.
Slice a vanilla bean pod in half. Place it into the jar with the figs.
Poor vodka over the figs and vanilla bean. Seal and let sit for one week.
Strain and serve chilled just as it is or, in your own cocktail creation.
This was my second time making granola from scratch. You can check out my first attempt here. I used whatever I had in my pantry and the results were delicious and nutritious. This added the perfect sweetness and crunch to Greek yogurt for my weekday breakfast. I highly recommend it as an ice cream topping as well.
In large mixing bowl, combine all dry ingredients.
Add maple syrup and coconut oil and combine thoroughly.
Spread onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. and bake at 225 degrees for one hour. Let cool or if you can't help your self like me enjoy while still warm.
Happy September! Here are a few photos from Cesi & Ben's (my sister and brother in law) wedding last Saturday.
Congrats, guys! Here's wishing you a lifetime of happiness together. God Bless!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.173008
Retrieved Text: Yesterday I posted an incredibly tasty peanut butter m&m cookie recipe. The same time we had the cookies baking, a batch of vanilla bean ice cream was churning in the ice cream maker. (I really enjoy homemade ice cream).
The hubs wanted a vanilla bean ice cream, not just vanilla. He wanted to see those little specks!
Vanilla is definitely my favorite. Given the choice between chocolate or vanilla, I'd probably always choose vanilla (or if caramel were an option, it would be that). But baking with vanilla can get expensive. Right now one vanilla bean is almost $5, so you can see how it adds up quickly!
So I set out on a mission to try a new vanilla bean ice cream recipe. I really enjoy French-style homemade ice creams (with the egg custard added) but this is a Philadelphia-style recipe (no eggs added), and it came out super duper creamy! There isn't much to this recipe ingredient-wise, it just takes some time for prepping the cream and vanilla.
The end result was okay. Not my favorite ice cream to enjoy just by the spoonful (like I said, I'm more a French-style ice cream gal myself). But it was super creamy, and had a good vanilla flavor, and immediately the hubs and I both agreed it tasted like the ice cream in the m&m ice cream sandwiches you can buy in the store. And what were we happening to be baking? Sure, they were peanut butter cookies...but in the end, it didn't matter. We had some scrumptious ice cream

########
Rank: 16
Score: 43.099346
Retrieved Text: * For the milk and cream, I used my family’s raw milk from our dairy cows. However, I am sure store bought milk will work just as well. I recommend using whole milk. You may use whipping cream or heavy cream, but keep in mind that the heavy cream should not be over-churned. Your result maybe vanilla butter instead of ice-cream. In addition, heavy cream may mask the vanilla flavoring a bit.
To expose the inner seeds/beans of the whole vanilla bean, cut the bean down the center lengthwise. Scrap inner beans away from the outer husk, and place into medium mixing bowl.
Add the milk and cream, and whisk to combine. Make sure the beans are evenly dispersed in the mixture meaning no clusters of beans remain.
* I used Cuisinart’s ice-cream maker. I allowed the maker to run for about 30 minutes. Your machine may function differently; therefore, refer to your device’s user manual.
* I enjoyed mine by making Ice Cream Cookie Sandwiches. Check out the recipe linked, so you may satisfy your sweet tooth while being healthy!
I’ve only made vanilla bean ice cream once before, but it was worth it!
Well, you should definitely make it again! This recipe is soooo easy and so tasty in my opinion! In addition, it’s so easy to add your own twist to it if you’d like! Let me know when you try it! I’d love to hear from you.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.94757
Retrieved Text: Let’s make vanilla ice cream! It’s the right thing to do.
Mix together, then warm up over low heat.
Now, in a separate bowl, pour 3 cups heavy (whipping) cream.
Cream. Half and half. I just love ice cream, don’t you?
First: here’s a vanilla bean. No vanilla extract will impart the beautiful, pure flavor that one of these babies will.
Vanilla beans are strange little suckers, aren’t they?
Now, what we actually need to do is get out what’s inside of the bean. So grab a small, sharp knife and split the bean down the middle.
Inside you’ll see the rich, flavorful “caviar”. The vanilla flavor—and oh, aroma—is not to be believed.
Now, just use the knife and scccccrrrrrrrrape along the inside of the bean to extract all of it. Don’t leave any behind!
As the half-and-half/sugar mixture is simmering, throw the “caviar” right in.
Stir it together…and watch the delicious little specks spread their love all over the land. You can also throw in the “empty” vanilla bean during the simmering process—there’s a lot of flavor in there still!
Now, although I used five egg yolks (large) in the blackberry ice cream, only 8 to 9 egg yolks are plenty for a larger batch of vanilla. After that, the ice cream gets a little…a little…egg yolky.
Then, whisking constantly, very slowly drizzle some of the hot half-and-half/cream mixture into the bowl with the egg yolks. This will “temper” the egg yolks and get them used to the warmth before you add them to the rest of the hot liquid.
If you don’t do this, they’re much more

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.297432
Retrieved Text: This gluten-free strawberry crumble warms sweet juicy strawberry pieces with a soft and sweet crisp topping. It’s perfect with vanilla bean ice cream and a drizzle of fresh honey!
In my last monthly newsletter that I sent out (if you haven’t signed up for it yet, let’s getcha signed up!) a few weeks ago I mentioned having this fantastic recipe for a baked strawberry pie.
BUUUUUUT… the problem is that it’s hard to serve and hard to photograph.
I’ll just be honest here, it’s falls apart into a big lump.
It’s a big lump of deliciousness, but still it’s a big lump and not a pretty little slice of pie.
I felt that I couldn’t just let the recipe go and I am still working on all the parts to make it come together.
But I also had this brilliant idea of turning this failed pie recipe into something that it kind of already was.
It was already a crumble…. so let’s tweak a couple of little things and make it into the most deliciously baked strawberry crumble.
After making this dessert more than a few times now, I may have talked myself into always making crumbles and crisps over a formal pie.
The perfectly imperfect fits my style better anyways….
To make it even more perfectly imperfect, I like to serve my strawberry crumble with creamy vanilla bean ice cream and a hefty drizzle of fresh honey.
This gluten-free strawberry crumble warms sweet juicy strawberry pieces with a soft and sweet crisp topping. Perfect with vanilla bean ice cream and a drizzle of fresh honey!
Preheat your

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.29558
Retrieved Text: Cooking fruit sous vide (under a vacuum) is a great way to preserve the texture and fresh flavors of the fruit. Poached pears are one of my favorite desserts. Poaching fruit with a sous vide machine allows you to concentrate the sweetness and flavor of the of the pear while enriching it at the end with a reduction from the juices. These pears are spoon-tender and luxurious. A dollop of vanilla ice cream or cream is the perfect finishing touch.
Fill and preheat the SousVide machine and preheat to 175F/70C. Peel, core, and halve the pears.
Slice the vanilla bean in half lengthwise and use the back of a pairing knife to scrape all of the seeds out into a small bowl. Add the sugar or honey, zest, cardamom and salt. Using your fingers, rub the vanilla bean seeds into the sugar until well combined. Coat the pears. Put the pears into a cooking pouch and vacuum seal.
Submerge in the water bath to cook for 30-60 minutes, depending on ripeness.
Remove from the water bath. You can keep in the fridge until needed. If using right away, take the liquid from the sous vide bag and add it to a saucepan to reduce until it's a syrup and caramelized.
To serve, either cut the pears into slices or keep them whole. Pour the syrup over them and serve with whipped cream, ice cream or as they are, bathed in delicious syrup.
So good..I preferred w/o ice cream, and I really like ice cream. I substituted a das of cinnamon for the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.07847
Retrieved Text: When I gave up eating processed food I thought I had kicked my ice cream habit to the curb for good. Not so, said my addiction to my willpower! I considered making homemade ice cream but that’s way too much trouble! I tried the healthy substitute, frozen bananas and milk. It was a good enough substitute to get me through a rough patch here and there, but let’s face it, it’s not as good as ice cream! So there I was in the frozen foods aisle with numb fingers from reading the labels of hundreds of cartons of ice cream. I was searching for the one with the least amount of offending ingredients like: calcium sulfate, high fructose corn syrup, hydrogenated oils, carrageenan, artificial flavors and color, guar gum, magnesium hydroxide, polysorbate, soy lecithin, the list goes on. Yikes! I know the side effects of those things well enough to put the ice cream back in the freezer case and back away quickly!
Then one day I discovered Blue Bunny premium vanilla bean. The ingredients: milk, cream, skim milk, sugar, egg yolks, natural vanilla bean extract, vanilla bean specks. That’s it. Nothing weird. Nothing that isn’t real. It even has a few grams of protein, a little vitamin A, some calcium and 140 mg of potassium if you’re really trying to make yourself feel less guilty! At only $4.99 a half-gallon it’s a steel! I try not to indulge my addiction very often but this week I was just getting over a cold and was feeling sorry

########
Rank: 21
Score: 42.04381
Retrieved Text: Georgia summers are pretty brutal. It’s hot and humid. The second you walk outside you start to sweat. The shade isn’t significantly cooler like it is in the west, because of the humidity. It’s pretty awful. We have learned how to somewhat survive here in the south, here are some of the things we do.
Drink lots of water. This is something I forget, especially being a breastfeeding mother, I need more water than most. On the few occasions I have forgotten to drink enough I get a horrible headache and even start to feel nauseous. It’s awful. One of the things that helps us drink plenty of water, is having a water bottle for everyone. Heather and Rose fight over one if forget to bring one for each of them. Camelbak water bottles are our favorite, the have an adult and a kids version. Heather could operate one at 6 months. They don’t leak, they are dishwasher safe, and you can buy replacement mouth pieces and straws.
Here in Georgia there are quite a few indoor playgrounds. Most the malls have little play-places inside. There are also places with playground equipment inside. Rose loves going to places like that, she can play for hours and hours. We all stay cool, and out of the sun.
This is a photo of Rose at a place called Catch Air this picture does not do this place justice. Rose loves playing here.
We have not been to the pool yet this summer. We have a great neighborhood pool I have just not

########
Rank: 22
Score: 42.018982
Retrieved Text: I know it's not exactly ice cream weather these days but I feel like an exception to the No Ice Cream When It's Cold Out rule (do you have that rule too?) can be made. Tonka beans demand to be eaten year round, even if they're in ice cream. If you're like, “tonka what?” Don't worry, I'll fill you in on what these tasty little things are. But first let me stare at that drippy ice cream a minute longer.
Just look at all those delicious tonka bean shavings!
If you have yet to meet the acquaintance of one of these tasty things I hope this recipe will inspire you to hunt them down. Be warned: it is not likely to be an easy hunt, especially if you live in the United States. For some reason back in the '50s the No-Fun-Police got wind that there's a teeny tiny bit of something that could harm you if eaten in massive quantities in here. Same goes for cinnamon and nutmeg though but those were passed by, maybe because they didn't seem so exotic and dangerous. Anyway, I have heard it is possible to get your hands on them but you will have to look a little harder. They'll be all the more rewarding when you find them.
Vanilla and amaretto predominantly. The jar that they're in says they smell like hay too, but I can't detect that. They have a slightly sweet taste and they smell incredible.
If you make this Tonka Bean Ice Cream, make sure to snap a pic

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.889336
Retrieved Text: This recipe for mixed berry compote is extremely easy. It’s actually amazing just how simple some things can be when in fact they make a world of difference. And so is the case with this compote.
When I was young, elementary school aged, I used to love Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream. I mean, I still do enjoy that flavor but I also appreciate a good Vanilla or Vanilla Bean flavored ice cream now. There’s something about the simplicity of the flavor profile that just tastes so good. And let’s face it, Vanilla ice cream is a good vessel for additional flavors.
The mixed berry compote is stellar on top of Vanilla ice cream. The warm compote melts the ice cream a bit creating this wonderful and unique dynamic between hot and cold. In this recipe I also add in some Cinnamon and Nutmeg to spice things up but if you’re more of a purist when it comes to your berries you can leave these spices out.
If you don’t use all the compote in one sitting then you can definitely refrigerate it for up to 5 days. Once chilled, it’s also makes a good spread on toast or english muffins. I highly recommend giving this recipe a try because it takes no time at all to make it and it’s sure to be a crowd pleaser.
Have you every tried making a berry compote? If so, what type of fruits do you use? Let me know in the comments section below!
Combine all ingredients in a medium sauce pan and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.82932
Retrieved Text: Gifford’s Vanilla Bean Ice Cream was named the 2013 ice cream grand champion, edging out competitors from around the country.
SKOWHEGAN — Four in a row.
That’s how many years Gifford’s Ice Cream has won a top ice cream award in the World Dairy Expo dairy products contest.
Contributed photo Gifford's Ice Cream of Skowhegan brought home the top prize at the World Dairy Expo in Wisconsin for the third year in a row recently with its Vanilla Bean Ice Cream.
Roger Gifford, Lindsay Gifford-Skilling and John Gifford are seen at Giffords Ice Cream in Skowhegan in this March 2011 file photo.
Gifford’s Vanilla Bean Ice Cream was named the 2013 ice cream grand champion, edging out competitors from around the country, according to Janet Keller, World Dairy Expo communications and public relations manager.
The judging for the contest, which also covers cheese, milk and numerous other dairy products was done in August. The expo is in Madison, Wis., Oct. 15.
It is the second year in a row Vanilla Bean has won the honor.
“It was proof that all of our hard work and dedication to our product is working,” said Lindsay Skilling, of Gifford’s, a fifth-generation ice cream maker.
Three other Gifford’s Ice Cream flavors also won awards in this year’s competition sponsored by the Wisconsin Dairy Products Association. French vanilla and orange sherbet won first place in their flavor categories and Gifford’s chocolate came in second, according to the expo website.
Gifford’s World’s Best Chocolate Ice Cream was the top choclate ice cream in 2011 and 2010.
Skilling said Gifford’s ice cream is popular

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.395798
Retrieved Text: The whole food community (chefs, bloggers, writers) is celebrating together and it gives all of us (and you!) a chance to see what all of these creative food obsessed people are bringing to the communal table!
Please see the bottom of the post so that you can check out all of the other participants amazing offerings.
What am I bringing to the Virtual Communal Table you ask? Pie.
I know I posted those adorable mini-pumpkin pies last week, and Sky High Caramel Apple Pie the other day. But I couldn’t help myself, I am back with another pie. Another pumpkin pie even!
But this one has a twist. A creamy, vanilla twist!
I loaded the pumpkin with vanilla bean paste and then slathered it in a high mound of vanilla bean whipped cream.
I will go on record right now and say that this is the best pumpkin pie I have ever had. I have back up too.
Pete and I ate almost the entire thing in one day- but the few bites we doled out to other people solicited wild responses! I’m not sure how this seemingly small change to my normal pumpkin pie could make such a difference, but it really did. And the even layer of whipped cream in every bite mellowed the spiciness and made the pumpkin filling seem silky and light.
3) In a medium sized bowl, combine the pumpkin, sugar, vanilla bean paste, and spices. Mix well.
4) In a smaller bowl, combine the eggs and cream. Beat together with a fork.
5) Add the eggs and cream to the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.38809
Retrieved Text: On a hot summer day, there‘s nothing better than cooling off with some ice cream. That’s why we put a grown-up twist on a childhood classic with our list of 12 boozy ice cream float recipes.
Pour blood orange soda and a shot of gin into a glass filled with a scoop of orange sherbet. Top with whipped topping and garnish with an orange slice sprinkled with ground ginger.
Pronounced cali-MO-cho, residents in the Basque Country have been sipping on this cocktail for decades. An extra sweet take on red sangria, this cocktail is traditionally made of two components — red wine and coke. For our Kalimotox (Red Wine) float, we’ve combined equal parts red wine with cherry coke and a scoop of chocolate ice cream. Ditch the red wine for a sweet mock-tail version.
More of a traditional brunch enthusiast? We didn't forget about you! Combine vanilla ice cream, orange juice, and champagne for the perfect early afternoon cocktail. For a mock-tail version, lose the champagne.
One quick sip of this boozy ice cream float will have you feeling peachy keen. To make this fruity treat, pair one scoop of vanilla ice cream with peach lambic beer. Top your ice cream float with a whoosh of Reddi-wip® and garnish with a grilled peach slice. For a mock-tail version, just substitute peach soda for peach lambic beer.
Spike up an Italian coffee house classic with this Boozy Affogato Float. To make each float, put two scoops of vanilla bean ice cream into a heavy, heatproof glass. Add ½ cup of hot

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.384098
Retrieved Text: Quick! Before cherry season ends, you need to make this ice cream.
Is it 100 million degrees where you live right now? This ice cream will help. I mean, it won’t make it any cooler outside, but you’ll be so enthralled with the smooth vanilla ice cream, the tart and sweet cherries and the crunchy bits of rich dark chocolate that you won’t notice how hot it is for a few minutes. I can’t stop eating this stuff.
Do you know about The Perfect Scoop? It’s an ice cream cookbook written by David Lebovitz, and I think I can safely say it’s the best ice cream cookbook there is. The recipes in it are outstanding, and Lebovitz has you covered with everything you’ll need – from the obvious ice cream recipes to recipes for mix-ins, toppings, ice cream cones and more. If you like making your own ice cream, you should definitely buy The Perfect Scoop.
Note: It’s best to prepare the custard base and cherries one day ahead, to give everything ample time to chill before churning and freezing.
Roasting the cherries helps keep them from freezing into solid icy chunks in the ice cream. While cutting the roasted cherries into halves works OK, I recommended quarters because they freeze softer. Drizzling the chocolate in while churning the ice cream keeps it in small, melt on your tongue chunks. Whole milk was used in the original recipe, but I used 2% to lighten things up and still got perfectly creamy ice cream. I used Ghirardelli 60% semisweet chocolate.
Preheat oven

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.24701
Retrieved Text: Good morning friends, I hope you all had a great weekend! I want to give you all a quick reminder about the fantastic giveaway going on. Enter to win a top of the line 16 cup Magimix by Robot-coupe food processor plus smoothie attachment! I’ve been using it non-stop since I got it, and it’s great when you need to puree some strawberry rhubarb compote like in today’s recipe. On to the ice cream!
I’ve already shared my love for strawberry rhubarb compote, and how I have to make a big batch the minute I get my hands on rhubarb. I usually make the compote and then wind up staring at until I decide what to use it in. There are always the usual suspects, and a few new ideas popped in my head, but nothing was jumping at me. Then I remembered the container of creme fraiche sitting in the fridge, and thought it has to be ice cream! I mean strawberry rhubarb compote is so good on top of vanilla ice cream, so why not put in in the ice cream? Have you ever made ice cream with creme fraiche? In a word, luscious.
Both the flavor and texture that creme fraiche adds to ice cream is incredible, and something not to be missed. I wasn’t exactly sure how this was all going to pan out , but I am happy to report it truly surpassed all my expectations. The strawberry rhubarb puree adds a brightness to the ice cream that lets you know summer is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.01802
Retrieved Text: I am a special education teacher in an elementary school. That means from the moment I walk through the door of the school in the morning until the moment I walk out in the evening I just don’t stop. I’m constantly running in and out of classrooms working with my students or meeting with the regular education teachers. I work hard and I love my job but I don’t ever have a single moment to myself.
That’s where the new Müller® Ice Cream Inspired Yogurt comes in. Sometimes I just need a “Me Moment” and new Müller® Ice Cream Inspired Yogurt fits seamlessly into my lifestyle as a “better-for-me” alternative to regular ice cream or other treats. With delicious flavors like Vanilla Bean, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Raspberry Chocolate Chip, it’s easy to indulge without the guilt.
I first found out about Müller® Ice Cream Inspired Yogurt when I was doing my weekly grocery shopping at Walmart. As I was walking in the refrigerator section I saw them demoing a new yogurt. When I walked over I saw that it was ice cream inspired yogurt and was intrigued. I admit I sampled two of these delicious yogurts. I tried the Vanilla Bean which is smooth, sweet, and has a lot of delicious vanilla bean flavor. I also tried the Raspberry Chocolate Chip which is a creamy raspberry yogurt studded with chocolate chips. Both were pretty awesome so I bought a few of each!
My “Me Moments” often happen in the morning. I wake up at 5:45 each morning and

================



======= Instance Index 1444 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How do I bake the puff pastry when making strawberry napoleons?

Choice 1: Place the squares of puff pastry on a silicone mat lined sheet pan and place in the oven. you can also use letterhead paper if you prefer

Choice 2: Place the squares of puff pastry on a silicone mat lined sheet pan and place in the oven. you can also use parchment paper if you prefer

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.747498
Retrieved Text: Sonia's Cupcakes: Strawberry Milles Feuilles (Napoleon) Cupcakes!
Strawberry Milles Feuilles (Napoleon) Cupcakes!
God, I've been dying to make these for so long!! And Spring is the perfect time for it!
First, one thing I'd like to say is that Milles Feuilles (Napoleons) in Greece are THE BEST outside of France! Believe me, growing up in NYC, this has been one of my favorite desserts, and I have had sooo many there....but it does NOT compare to the ones here. This is hard for me to admit as a New Yorker, but it's the truth! I think New York has very high standards when it comes to, well....just about anything!!! But this one is a winner.
Back to my new invention! I wasn't sure that this was going to work out. But, hey, just about anything has been made into a cupcake, why not a Milles Feuilles cupcake!
I don't know what else to say, only that it turned out so much better than I ever imagined it would. It was insanely delicious!! Light, fresh and not too sweet!!
This cake is very versatile; it goes with just about anything....and so easy to make!
and here goes my favorite part!
1 cup of dry WHITE WINE!
Beat sugar and eggs for about 30 seconds on medium speed with and electric mixer. Then pour all the other ingredients into the egg/sugar mixture and beat for another minute. That's all!! Super easy.
Divide into prepared cupcake pans and fill a little less than 3/4 each one. You want to have some room on top to hold some of the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.23087
Retrieved Text: I think this dessert has been around for a long time. But I had never had it until I was at my cousin’s house in Houston when she hosted me, my sisters, my aunt and my other cousin for brunch. Given my cousin’s perfectly Southern and lavish home, which is a perfect reflection of her, I assumed this dessert was one of those that required a lot of effort (or had even been made by a caterer). It was SO good, I eagerly accepted her offer of a second helping with barely a hint of embarrassment on my part. I got the name of the dessert from my cousin, and then looked for a good Strawberry Napolean recipe online.
I had avoided working with puff pastry basically my entire life. I had it in my mind that without a marble slab and a lot of finesse, the pastry wouldn’t puff that way it’s supposed to. Maybe I had it in my mind that it was French. Whatever it was, there was just something about it that I found intimidating. But that’s how good this dessert is. I was determined to get over my fear and master the puff pastry. And, much to my delight, it was, well, easy! So, if you’re like me and you’ve avoided recipes that use puff pastry, here’s your chance to bake like a professional baker with none of the fuss. If you’re still doubtful, maybe the fact that earlier this week I used a box of puff pastry that had been in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.46176
Retrieved Text: After recycling my old cookbook i have rued the day. Get easy cheese danish recipe from food network. Blueberry cream cheese danish.
This post first appeared over at real housemoms where im a contributor.
Cream cheese danish recipe puff pastry. Lay out the thawed sheet of dough on a lightly floured cookie sheet. For the pastries1 package 8 ounces cream cheese softened2 sticks 16 tablespoons or 226 grams butter. Using a store bought thawed puff pastry is the easiest way to make these. Blueberry cream cheese danish perfect way to start your day.
Ive been thinking about making gluten free danish puff pastry a lot lately. You can of course use a homemade dough if you prefer. Ingredients for cheese danish recipe. I have no idea why exactly but sometimes when a food memory bubbles up i cant stop thinking about it until i make a gluten free recipe for it.
Puff pastry berries cream tarts is a delicious fruit tart recipethese puff pastry tarts are made with frozen puff pastry filled with sweetened cream then topped with berries and a drizzle of chocolate ganache. Strawberry cream cheese pastries soft flaky and delicious cream cheese pastries filled with a sweet cream cheese mixture and strawberry jam. We start with pre made puff pastry dough which you can find in your grocers freezer section. Flaky crescent dough layered with sweet cream cheese filling.
This flaky lemon cream cheese danish is an easy breakfast or brunch recipe made with puff pastry and filled with a creamy sweet and tart filling. When i was.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.042995
Retrieved Text: These cute, delicious little Strawberry Cream Puffs are a perfect Valentine’s treat or anytime treat!
The recipe starts with Pepperidge Farms Puff Pastry Cups… quickly becoming one of my “go to” easy recipe options! These little pastry cups can be filled with savory foods (as I did recently with these Buffalo Chicken Pastry Bites), or sweet fillings.
The filling is simply my Strawberry Cheesecake Mousse, and it’s just the perfect combo of sweet, rich and fluffy.
These Strawberry Cream Puffs are such pretty little treats and would be great little bite sized desserts for parties.
Delicious Strawberry Cream Cheese filling pairs with puff pastry cups for a simple, elegant dessert.
Bake pastry cups according to directions on box (check after 15 minutes of baking).
Once baked, cool pastries and use a small knife to remove the centers of the cups.
If desired, sprinkle pastry cup with powdered sugar.
In a food processor, or blender, chop/blend fresh or frozen (and slightly thawed) strawberries. Process until the berries are chopped, juicy, and no piece is larger than a pea.
In the bowl of an electric mixer (or with a hand mixer), whip heavy cream until it begins to thicken. Add powdered sugar, and continue to whip until thick and holds stiff peaks. Move whipped cream to a separate bowl (if using bowl of electric mixer).
In the bowl of an electric mixer (or with a hand mixer), beat cream cheese until smooth. Add powdered sugar, and continue to beat. Add vanilla, then add strawberry puree, a little at a time. Continue mixing, and beat until fully incorporated.
Fold cheesecake

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.602547
Retrieved Text: Apple Cinnamon Pastries. The perfect Christmas Morning Breakfast Idea. Simple to do, and can be made ahead and baked! Includes recipe video tutorial too!
It is officially apple season and if you ask me, there’s no better way to enjoy an apple than to toss it with some cinnamon sugar and bake it up into a flakey Apple Cinnamon Pastry. What could be better?!
How do you make apple cinnamon pastries?
You’ll first begin by creating a cinnamon sugar mixture and tossing it with the apples and adding a few raisins. Then you’ll cut store-bought puff pastry into rectangles, brush with egg wash to seal them and then fill with the apples.
Do you need to peel the apple?
I say no! There’s a lot of pectin in the apple skin which adds to the syrupy consistency in the filling once those apples are baked. So I leave the skin on. I also find it’s so much quicker and easier to keep the skin on, so why go through that extra step if you don’t have too.
Can you make apple cinnamon pastries ahead of time?
Yes! That’s why I love this recipe because it can all be made the day before, placed in the fridge or freezer, and baked the day of your party.
For a step-by-step tutorial you can watch my video below. SUBSCRIBE TO MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL (it’s free!) and never miss a recipe! New videos post each Saturday!
Are you a puff pastry fan? Try some of my other puff pastry recipes like my Baked Brie in Puff Pastry, Easy Strawberry

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.555576
Retrieved Text: the scent of green bananas: napoleon and charlotte.
Posted by santos. This entry was posted on 20080128 at 2:21 AM You can skip to the end and leave a response.
wow these are sooo beautiful! i love it! man you are one diligent lady. i really need to start hitting up the ludo book. i'm making the preserved chanterelles tonight. after reading your post i'm tempted to try the puff pastry. so scary though!
hey susan! preserved chantarelles!!!!! those would be *great* with puff pastry. it really wasn't difficult at all. the only thing is that you have to complete the whole process in one session: there are several folds you have to complete, and if you don't do it in the time specified, it gets a little funky. still edible, but not the best for presentation!
oh, thank goodness we have been unswitched!
those are lovely and I quite applaud yr industry.
the light in yr new pad is quite different.
Your desserts look stunning. It doesn't matter if they are messy to eat, the first impression is great!
Oh my gosh those both look so good! When do you find the time??? They're beautiful Santos!
So it's bedtime and I just had to read one more blog and you made me drool all over my laptop. They both look sooooo tasty.
If I ever get my oven fixed I'm going to try and make the pastry.
Napoleon and Charlotte, sitting down for some tea, and always only lovely laced tablecloths upon which drool-worthy sweets are served. Salivating here!
that's great. did you lower the temp on

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.329815
Retrieved Text: One of the greatest things about cooking at home is being able to control what goes in “it” and how much goes in. This holds especially true to desserts and its notorious heavy hitter, sugar. Well I have simplified a classic dessert and cut some, yes only some, it is still dessert of course, of the sugar down. Fresh, in season, ripe fruit is a great way to keep the amount of refined or processed sugars down.
These are so quick and easy you can make them on your lunch break, because that’s exactly what I did. I have a desk job and eat at home for lunch and I knocked these babies out in no time at all from start to finger-licking finish. Traditionally a napoleon is a triple-decker dessert packed with sugar, icing, cake and topped with more sugar (and much larger than these cute little 3 biters.). When roaming the streets of Europe the traditional is okay, but alas, I’m in Dallas, not walking anywhere.
Let the frozen puff pastry thaw on your counter for about 45 minutes. It should still be cool but no longer frozen. Gently unfold the puff pastry on a lightly floured surface. Cut along the folds to create 3 even pieces. Cut the raw puff pastry into small strips. I cut mine into about 1 1/2″ x 4″ but you can eyeball it to whatever size you like best. Arrange the pieces on a baking tray lined with parchment paper. Bake for 15 minutes to golden brown and fluffy. The

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.911343
Retrieved Text: I want to kiss the inventor of puff pastry, and I don't mean one of those polite little kisses some cultures use as a greeting. Is there anything puff pastry can't do? It's so versatile in that it can be used for all types of recipes, but it also - get this - puffs! How fun is that? And the buttery goodness that coats your mouth when you take a bite... I just love it. There's just one thing that sometimes throws me about puff pastry, and I'm going to be honest here: 2 sheets per box when I only want 1 for a recipe. Some people love keeping spare ingredients on hand, but I'm not those people. No, I'm the person who forgets something is around and then lets it go bad before it gets used. Given that puff pastry isn't cheap, I don't want it succumbing to frost bite because I failed to find a use for it. Welcome to the reason I tried this recipe.
Unfold puff pastry. Whisk egg and water; brush over pastry.
Combine and mix remaining ingredients, and spread over pastry to within 1/2 inch of edges. Roll up jelly-roll style, and cut into twenty 1/2-inch slices.
Place 2 inches apart on stones, and bake 10-12 minutes or until puffed and golden brown. Serve warm.
We have a ton of spices, but the Greek Rub may be my favorite. Use it on meat, vegetables, etc., and thank me later. Seasoning is in a Measuring Spoon while feta hangs out in a Measuring Cup. Then

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.875874
Retrieved Text: Strawberry Clan.... a term that is used in Taiwan to refer to those precious youth born in the 80's into small single child families. This is a generation that is born into a relatively affluent society where the pressure on survival and living is not as prevalent as during the more tumultous times experienced by our parents or grandparents. This generation generally demonstrates lower threshold for hardship and setbacks.. they bruise easily at the slightest pressure and wilt quickly in adverse conditions... fragile creatures that don't last well.... just like Strawberries!
As I wondered what to do with the strawberries, I had been reluctant to pulp or puree these gorgeous fruits. I had wanted to keep the fruits intact without processing them too much. 2 options came into mind : a strawberry cheesecake topped with fresh strawberries and/or a strawberry choux cream puff. I woke up this morning knowing that I no longer have the luxury to dither and opted for the very basic choux puff pastry and vanilla pattiserie cream. The whole puff was light and refreshing. I had deliberately chosen the butter free pattiserie cream from Bourke Street Bakery's Berry Tart. This was easy to prepare and the simple vanilla custard allowed the strawberries to take center stage.
As I looked at the cream puff photos, I realised there was something 'bare' about them... then it hit me... I should have dusted a little powder sugar over the puffs... well, nothing's perfect but I am contented.
2. In a heavy saucepan, place water, sugar, salt and butter.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.40225
Retrieved Text: This Braided Apple Strudel features a gorgeous filling made with apples, walnuts, raisins, and cranberries wrapped in a flaky puff pastry. Perfect for fall but can be enjoyed any time of the year!
Red, yellow, green, pink, russet or multi-colored… Sweet or tart, with hints of pineapple, apricot, strawberry and many others… Firm, crisp, crunchy… Apple season has finally arrived!
Farmers’ market shelves are bursting with all kinds of these delicious fruits and as an avid apple eater, I couldn’t be happier about that. Even though supermarkets offer apples all year round, I prefer to stick with local fresh produce and enjoy them from late summer to early spring, when they are at their best.
I try to eat an apple almost every single day this time of the year + fall is the season for apple pies, cakes, strudels, cookies, YUM! These delicious goodies warm me up from the inside and make me forget about the rain outside the window and the days getting chillier.
Today I craved something baked with apples really bad but was too lazy / tired to spend time in the kitchen making my own dough. Then I remembered seeing an easy braided apple strudel made with puff pastry on TV some time ago and decided to recreate the recipe myself. This happened to be the best idea I’ve had in a long time.
Without a further ado, let me tell you more about the contents of this bad boy. The filling features apples, dried cranberries, raisins, walnuts, cinnamon, and nutmeg. All this goodness is then

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.36922
Retrieved Text: Bt wen i open the crunch without using nuts. Cook and stir over medium. I kept 3 days one liter wine in freezer but this could not freez where is needed for yeast to become brandy after freezing but this never freezed. A quick, easy and reliable. Umesh how I wish all wines were sugar free and less calories But unfortunately, sugar russian guy mention that this work on and create alcohol. Do let me know if lid tostir,il b wanting to. I will tell my experience after 2 months. The biggest of the studies ingredient in GC as it overall the effects are small Lyase, making it more difficult Blog: Its much, much more times per day, taken 30. But however, if you have. Pour the bread and egg mixture into the pan, cover evenly with the brown sugar-butter topping and bake for minutes or until the top is crispy and the center is no longer wet.
Everything I have made from is a great accompaniment to. I halved the sugar in this, as ash did, and this salad is packed with topping, poured homemade lemon bar filling VERY tart, because lemon and I did not wait tart for me over the blueberries. By Marigona on Feb 17, Very helpful: I put crumbled bacon on top of my piece because, well, because I love bacon, and it was a fun extra flavor. I want to horde them all for myself. It was a better hit love the color. These look so great I. Thanks for taking

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.333992
Retrieved Text: The technical challenge for Pastry Week on the Great British Bake Off was puits d’amour. A puff pastry base, and choux pastry “well” filled with strawberry and raspberry compote, topped with crème pâtissière and demerara sugar brûléed (is this a word?) with a blowtorch.
Two types of pastry, crème pâtissière and a blow torch.
My custard was a bit on the sloppy side, but the pastry worked. All in all, I was pretty pleased with how puits d’amour turned out. The Bake Off technical challenges have certainly picked up over the past couple of weeks thank goodness.
As usual, I used the recipe for the puits d’amour from the Great British Bake Off website. Here’s how I made them.
I’ve tried puff pastry numerous times. At the beginning of Let’s Bake the Books I had a go at eccles cakes with flaky pastry which, according to wikipedia – which must be right – is just another name for rough puff. I made cream horns with rough puff and pasteis de nata with proper puff. In terms of method, rough puff and proper puff are made differently, but I’ve never been able to tell the difference taste and texture-wise.
Anyway, the recipe for puits d’amour called for rough puff. I started by mixing plain flour and salt, then I added frozen salted butter by grating it into the bowl with a cheese grater. Next, I added chilled water, mixed it in with a knife, and used my hand to bring the mixture together into a dough. I used a bit more than

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.116493
Retrieved Text: September was a busy month for our family, but I managed to do the DB Challenge!! In fact I made the dough and used it twice. Here are my baked vol-au-vents with a tomato pesto, habanero jack, and fresh sweet pepper filling!!
Blend all ingredients in a mixing bowl using a spoon.
Set aside for an hour to let the flavours mingle.
Place a spoonful of the mix into the well of each vol-au-vent before baking.
Bake until the puff pastry rises and is golden, and the cheese melted.
Serve warm or cold with a drink of your choice.
Unwrap the dough and place it on a work surface dusted with all-purpose flour (A cool piece of marble is the ideal surface for puff pastry) with your rolling pin (preferably a French rolling pin without handles), press on the dough to flatten it and then roll it into a 10" square. Keep the top and bottom of the dough well floured to prevent sticking and lift the dough and move it around frequently. Starting from the center of the square, roll out over each corner to create a thick center pad with 'ears' or flaps.
Gently but firmly press the rolling pin against the top and bottom edges of the square (this will help keep it square). Then, keeping the work surface and the top of the dough well floured to prevent sticking, roll the dough into a rectangle that is three times as long as the square you started with, about 24" (don't worry about the width of the rectangle: if you

########
Rank: 13
Score: 41.91522
Retrieved Text: Preheat oven to 400°F. Lightly flour your surface and roll out one sheet of thawed puff pastry (keep the rest in the refrigerator).
Brush puff pastry with melted butter all the way to the edges. Evenly add strawberry jam, then layer with strawberry slices and sprinkle on ground cinnamon over buttered area.
Tightly, but gently roll the doll up. Seal the edge of the roll by gently pressing it into the roll. Using a sharp knife, slice the roll into 6 pieces. Place each roll on a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Repeat steps until all of the puff pastry sheets are used. Place the full baking sheet in the preheated oven and bake for 25-30 minutes or until golden brown (watch carefully!).
While the rolls are baking, make the icing by mixing all of the icing ingredients together until nice and smooth and pourable. If needed, add more milk until smooth.
Drizzle over warm cinnamon rolls and serve!
Natalie found this recipe and decided we had to make it. Even before trying it, I knew it would be fantastic! We now make it every time company is staying with us. It is so simple and sooo delicious!
Try with our Moscato, Maywine, or Huckleberry d'Latah.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.903923
Retrieved Text: I made these asparagus puff pastry bundles for a far-too-decadant side for early Valentine’s Day dinner last weekend. The leftovers have been a fun dinner when eaten with a simple green salad. I mean they are basically puff pastry pizza, so what could really go wrong?
Without further ado, here’s another easy (and make-ahead recipe).
Trim woody ends from asparagus, toss in olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
Figure out how many bundles you’ll be making, two to three spears of asparagus per bundle.
Roll out puff pastry a bit and cut into 6-8 equal sized squares, depending on your number of bundles.
Combine egg and water in a small bowl and brush onto top of puff pastry.
Top each square with a slice of pancetta.
Then, top with 2-3 squares of asparagus.
Sprinkle asparagus with Parmesan cheese.
Wrap corners over the top of asparagus, creating an envelope.
Bake 10-12 minutes, until puff pastry is golden.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.884556
Retrieved Text: I enjoy making a variety of cakes, lemon and lime drizzle, chocolate and carrot cake.
I like to make anything sweet but I'll say cakes.
My baking skills require a lot of improvement so I would love this book.
My favorite thing to bake is anything puff pastry. Although I don't make puff pastry that often, I love how it puffs up before your eyes into a glorious treat!
I love making chocolate cookies, the dough is so velvety. Lovely!
I love to bake cinnamon buns, takes me back to my teenage years every time!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.413746
Retrieved Text: I love puff pastry, I love fresh fruit tarts, I love how the look, they always look beautiful. As soon as I found this recipe, I knew I had to try it.
This is the kind of dessert my family gets excited over, anything with fresh fruit makes my kids look like they have never eaten before, they sit at the table and start counting the pieces and working out how much they can have. It makes me laugh as they never known hunger and there is always plenty.
This recipe I am posting 3 ways, one is the blueberry tart, two is a strawberry version and three is a raspberry version (links to the strawberry and raspberry version is at the bottom of this page). The blueberry version is in the triangle shape here, but you can make it any shape you want, any size you want for that matter. Here are a few examples.
​The combination of the blueberries with the lemon flavoured cream cheese and pastry is just beautiful, each and every bite, just divine (good luck at trying to only eat one).
For a quick dessert, I don't bother with the glaze, I like to serve it with a dollop of vanilla ice cream instead, or a dusting of icing sugar, but if I was having a party, I would add the glaze, as it looks amazing, I would then just place them on a platter on there own, trust me they would go quickly.
So if you are looking for a lovely dessert that is quick

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.348614
Retrieved Text: Here is the recipe. I didn’t get a couple of the steps filmed, which is, of course, disappointing, but don’t let it stop you from trying these. They’re honestly one of the best things I’ve made. I’ve marked the parts in the recipe that were omitted from the video with an asterisk. Enjoy!
*1. Remove strawberry leaves and cut strawberries into small pieces.
2. Put strawberries into a bowl, add the sugar, and stir.
3. Set aside 1 hour.
4. Drain liquid from strawberries, making sure to catch it in another bowl.
5. Add gelatin to the strawberry liquid and stir.
6. Set aside 10 minutes.
*7. Microwave about 20 seconds, just until the gelatin is melted. (Do not overheat; too much heat will damage the gelatin).
8. Beat cream to soft peaks, and beat in the strawberry liquid/gelatin mixture.
10. Preheat oven to 425 F, 215 C.
11. Roll out puff pastry dough to about ¼ in, ½ cm thickness.
12. Cut out 2 ½ in, 6 cm circles.
13. Place circles on a baking sheet and bake at 425 F 215 C for 10 minutes.
14. Reduce oven temperature to 375 F, 190 C, and bake for another 10 minutes.
16. Pull pastries in half.
17. Distribute strawberries over bottom halves of the pastries.
18. Pipe/dollop cream mixture on top.
20. Dust with powdered sugar if desired.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.25155
Retrieved Text: We are re posting this recipe because it’s super easy and really beautiful! Even better if you serve it with some vanilla ice cream on top. Yum. Ok but really strawberries are really happening right now so grab some of those cheap pints and make this. Makes a super good breakfast also!
Around my town we have these single standing strawberry stands set up randomly here and there and I love it! It’s so easy to get persuaded by those big signs and those extra juicy and sweet smell strawberries. I bought an entire flat of them the other day and have been making tons of strawberry things including jams, salsas, salads, etc. Today we have this Strawberry and Pistachio Tart that I’ve also been making with the loads of strawberries I have.
2. Place cream cheese and honey into a mixing bowl and beat together until light and fluffy.
3. Place puff pastry sheet onto a parchment lined baking sheet and spread honey whipped cream cheese onto the surface, in an even layer.
4. Spread strawberries over the cream cheese, leaving a 1/2 inch border, in a single, even layer, before stacking the remaining strawberries.
5. Fold in the 1/2 inch puff pastry border and place tart into the oven.
6. Bake tart for 18 to 22 minutes or until the crust is golden brown and the strawberries have caramelized.
7. Remove tart from oven and drizzle honey over the top. Sprinkle pistachios over the top.
8. Allow tart to cool, about 15 minutes before slicing and serving.
Wow, what an amazing looking tart!!!!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.13527
Retrieved Text: Here is a super quick and easy dessert I came up with a few days ago using only puff pastry and fruit: I used raspberries and figs.
All you need is defrosted puff pastry and cut up fruit or berries: feel free to use peaches, nectarines, strawberries or blueberries.
Cut puff pastry into the shapes you want the tarts to be.
Using a knife score a border inside each tart and then make little tiny holes with a fork on the inside of the border (am I making any sense?).
Add your fruit to the inside of the border and bake for 20 minutes.
Remove the tarts from the oven and let them cool a bit. Add some confectionery sugar and eat (I just held them as sandwiches and took little bites: no need to use a knife or a fork).
Here's a little trick I learned from another blogger (sadly, I cannot remember who it was). If you don't have a special sugar shaker (I used to have Anna's, but had to return it to her), add confectionery sugar to a tea ball and shake it up!
The tarts did not turn out as amazing as I was hoping for. Perhaps I should have pre-baked them a bit before adding fruit? Or maybe added some creamy filling? What do you think?
Some vanilla custard in between? Or pipe some cream atop?
Well, I have no problem to eat just the way they are now...ould be a real treat for a coffee break.
Puff pastry is a wonder. These little tarts look fabulous :).
Oh, my but

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.12079
Retrieved Text: 2008 June « GASTHAUS: got 'kraut?
This is a “beta” version of a video at the Gasthaus on a Friday night. I will update these soon. Enjoy!
Thursday, June 19, 2008 Germany will face Portugal in the UEFA Cup 2008 quarterfinals. That’s football, the real football.
But did anyone see the confrontation during the last match between Germany’s coach Joachim Low and Austria’s coach Josef Hickersberger? They were arguing on the sidelines and a referee sent both off the field. I have never seen such a thing. I wonder what they argued about. Either way they both have been punished with a one-game ban, meaning assistant Hans-Dieter Flick will take on the responsibility of coach during Thursday’s match.
Jim and Ramona McKeown, of Waco, Tex., dined with us on June 11, 2008 and subsequently wrote about their dining experience on their blog.
Although blogging will never replace our guestbook, which is displayed at the front of the restaurant, it’s always good to hear who visited us and how we are doing. So please feel free to leave your comments here.
Jim and Ramona, thanks for visiting us. Please come back soon.
Our most popular dessert, the Strawberry Napoleon, has become so popular with our guests that last Saturday we sold out of our 7 Napoleons within the first five minutes of opening. They are rather difficult to make and therefore we only make a limited quantity each night. You may also call us at least one day ahead of time to reserve them. They are puff pastry, filled with pastry cream, fresh strawberries

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.929974
Retrieved Text: I made these Pear Croissants for our New Year’s Day celebration, and it was a hit! It was my first time making (and using) puff pastry, and it wasn’t too hard at all. I chilled my dough overnight and in the morning it came out very hard. So when you chill it, make sure you give it time to come to room temperature so it can be easily rolled out.
Allow to cream cheese to come to room temperature, then mix in the honey. Wash the pears and slice them into wedges.
Line two baking sheets with parchment paper, and place 6 puff pastry squares on each.
Spread about a tablespoon's worth of the spread diagonally down the center of each square.
Place two pear wedges on top of the spread.
Fold in the 2 corners on either side of the pears and pinch them together. Brush each pastry with egg wash, sprinkle cinnamon and sugar mixture over each, and drizzle honey on top.
Bake for 15 minutes, then remove and add two raspberries to each pastry. Bake for 10 more minutes, or until the pastry is golden brown.
** You can buy puff pastry from your local grocery or make your own. I made mine using this puff pastry recipe. Making it adds about 3 hrs to the process. If you decide to make your own be sure to allow time for the dough to come to room temperature, or it will be hard to roll out.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.821796
Retrieved Text: Yeast-free recipe for easy homemade breadsticks made with puff pastry and seeds. These versatile and easy to make party snacks are perfect for dips or creamy soups!
These homemade breadsticks are also my go to recipe when I need something homemade yet fast to snack on while waiting for dinner to be cooked!
3 ingredients is all it takes to make these easy homemade breadsticks. Puff pastry, beaten egg and seeds of your choice.
Easy and quick recipe – using pre-rolled ready-made puff pastry helps a lot and makes the whole process extra quick and smooth.
Perfect for baking with kids – let them help you. There are only a few steps to follow that kids can easily manage.
Homemade snack/appetizer – while you are using a shop-bought pastry, you are still making them yourself. However, if you like making homemade puff pastry, then go for it!
No-fuss prep – 3 ingredients and 5 minutes is literally all it takes to put these easy homemade breadsticks together.
Endless topping options – top them with any seeds you like (or go for herbs/parmesan/salt – it’s up to you!
Perfect for parties or family gatherings.
Talking about the seeds – to make these easy homemade breadsticks you can use poppy seeds, chia seeds, caraway seeds, white or black sesame seeds. Sunflower seeds or pine seeds work also well. I used a mix of seeds to make Sweet Chili Puff Pastry Breadsticks that are also popular in our house.
Now if you like entertaining at home and want to impress your guests, I recommend making Mango Chicken Puffs. They

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.69566
Retrieved Text: Merry Christmas everyone! The atmosphere is certainly charged with the excitement that always comes before big holidays, and our annual Christmas eve party kept every surface in the kitchen covered some form of cooking project from stuffed mushrooms, to twice baked potatoes. I was able to weasel myself a few square feet of counter space though, to create my Sunday dessert.
This Christmas I was looking for something different to make. I had already made Christmas cookies and bars and appetizers. So I decided to make something completely unrelated to Christmas just for kicks. So naturally strawberries were the first thing that popped in my head was strawberries. I looked at my favorite blog, tartlette for a recipe, and I decided on Pistachio Strawberry Mousse Mille Feuilles. Click on the link to go to Tartlette, the blog where this recipe is from.
What I did in this recipe, was I simply cut the puff pastries in half instead of using two pastries for one Mille Feuilles.
For the rough puff pastry, adapted from Michel Roux.
Place the flour in a large bowl and make a well in the center. Add the butter and salt right in the well and work them together with the flour, using your fingertips, gradually drawing in more flour into the center. When the butter pieces have reached pea sized pieces and the mixture appears grainy, gradually add the ice water and mix until it is all incorporated. Do not overwork the dough. Roll it into a ball, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 20 to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.65299
Retrieved Text: Each vols-au-vent pastry requires two puff pastry squares. Start by cutting each square into circles using a large biscuit cutter. Cut a hole in one of the circles using a 1” biscuit cutter to make a ring. To build, stack the ring on top of the circle pastry. Optional: Bake the 1” cut-out for a lid or garnish. Dock inside area with a fork.
Bake in 375° F oven for 10-15 minutes or until golden brown. Cool.
To finish, fill center with Select™ Key Lime Creme Pie Filling, Exceptional™ Strawberry Pie Filling, or VelveTop® Icing.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.441513
Retrieved Text: Sweet luscious strawberries on a light and flakey puff pastry crust that offers up a healthy bonus. One cup of strawberries contains an incredible 136% of the RDA of vitamin C, an effective antioxidant that can help lower blood pressure and boost immunities.
To prepare Puff Pastry- Roll out puff pastry sheet to 12x12 inches to fit tart pan. Line tart pan with pastry and place it on a baking sheet. Prick bottom of pasty with tines of a fork. Chill for 20 minutes. Preheat oven to 400°F. Use a pastry brush to brush on egg wash over exposed surfaces. Place in hot oven and cook until golden all over, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven to a rack, let cool completely.
Filling-Start with a chilled medium-sized bowl, whisk cream until soft peaks form. In another medium-sized bowl, mix together the mascarpone, powdered sugar and lemon zest. Fold whipped cream into the cheese mixture in 3 parts until incorporated. Pour the mixture into baked and cooled puff pastry tart shell.
Strawberry topping-In a small bowl, mix strawberry slices with jelly, stirring gently to coat. Arrange strawberries on top of tart. Refrigerate 1 hour before serving. When ready to serve, finish with a dollop of whipped cream and garnish with a fanned strawberry.
Chefs Tip: How to Fan a Strawberry-Place strawberry on cutting board hull-side down. Make 1/8-inch vertical cuts but not completely through the strawberry leaving the portion near the hull still attached. Lay the cut strawberry on its' side and fan out the slices. Beautiful!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.403137
Retrieved Text: 2. Unroll refrigerated Puff Pastry Dough and cut into three even pieces. Place dough on a baking sheet with the parchment paper and then poke all over with a fork. Cover with an additional piece of parchment paper and then place a baking sheet on top of parchment (pressing down lightly on top) and place in oven.
3. Cook for 15 minutes, then remove top baking sheet and top parchment and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Remove from oven to cool.
4. Make from scratch, or prepare to get pastry cream for filling the Napoleons.
5. When cool, cut each pastry section into four equal pieces. Top one piece of puff pastry with the pastry cream, cover second section with more pastry cream and stack on top. Repeat with all pieces, but keep 4 top layers for later.
6. To make the chocolate raspberry ganache: in a medium sauce pan, heat heavy cream and butter over medium heat (until almost boiling). Remove from heat and stir in chocolate chips, sugar, and raspberry preserves, whisking until smooth. Allow to cool slightly. then spread it over the third top pastry layer of the Napoleon, and place on top of the pastries. Garnish with raspberries or mint leaves.
For homemade Pastry Cream: Whisk together egg yolks and sugar. Heat milk in a medium sauce pan to just below boiling, remove from heat. Slowly pour milk into egg mixture, whisking constantly.Add cornstarch and whisk together. Pour mixture back into saucepan and return to medium heat, whisking constantly. When mixture thickens, turn heat to low

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.006927
Retrieved Text: There are plenty of localised adaptations of the mille-feuille (which translates literally to �thousand-leaf�, a reference to the many thin layers of puff pastry that envelope the custard... The mille-feuille is a traditional French pastry that can be found in any bakery in France. What is the mille-feuille and how is it decorated? The mille-feuille is made of three layers of puff pastry and two layers of pastry cream .
The mille-feuille is a traditional French pastry that can be found in any bakery in France. What is the mille-feuille and how is it decorated? The mille-feuille is made of three layers of puff pastry and two layers of pastry cream .... Rachel Khoo's mille-feuille recipe is the prefect afternoon tea treat with smooth vanilla custard, piquant rhubarb, and feather light pastry.
The mille-feuille is a traditional French pastry that can be found in any bakery in France. What is the mille-feuille and how is it decorated? The mille-feuille is made of three layers of puff pastry and two layers of pastry cream . how to avoid youtube copyright strike on videos 2017 ?- Mille-feuille is an absolutely classic French dessert. It has layers of strawberry, cream, and pastry. But I bet you didn't know you could make it in 30 minutes and with just three ingredients.
?- Mille-feuille is an absolutely classic French dessert. It has layers of strawberry, cream, and pastry. But I bet you didn't know you could make it in 30 minutes and with just three ingredients. how to cut zucchini into noodles Ever since

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.91682
Retrieved Text: Char siu pastry (aka char siu sou, 叉燒酥 in Chinese) is easily found at Chinese yum cha restaurants in Hong Kong or overseas. The juicy char siu (BBQ pork) is wrapped inside flaky pastries made with lard or shortening. You can tell how delicious and awesome the pastry will be.
My daughter is a big fan of any dishes made with puff pastry, no matter it’s savoury or sweet. Sweet dessert with pastry is her first choice without any doubts though. As for making these char siu pastries, I took a short cut using the store-bought puff pastry and came up with a cheater’s version. These char siu pastries are perfectly served when they’re still hot, with a cup of favourite Chinese tea.
Heat oil in a frying pan. Sauté the shallot over medium-high heat until aromatic. Add the onion and cook until soft and translucent, followed by the diced char siu. Stir in the char siu sauce with the water. Cook until it starts to boil. Add the thickening and cook to your preferred consistency. Transfer to a large bowl and let it cool down. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 200C / 395F.
In the meantime, lightly sprinkle flour on a clean surface. Roll out the puff pastry into a 32cm x 22cm ( 12.5inch x 8. 5inch) rectangle sheet with a rolling pin. Use a 10-cm (4-inch) cookie cutter to trim out 6 circles.
Place a heaped tablespoon of char siu filling in the middle of each circle. Damp the sides with water and seal tightly. Repeat this step

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.836567
Retrieved Text: Last week I hosted a Puff Pastry brunch and so I continued with the Puff Pastry recipes! So today I have Sopapilla Puff Pastry Cheesecake! This is so easy and your guest will be so impressed!! I took this with me to a pot luck and there was not one piece left!!
Basically it is a sheet of Puff Pastry on the bottom a beautiful layer of sweetened cream cheese another layer of Puff Pastry then butter and cinnamon and sugar on top!! That is it!!
Place on Puff Pastry sheet on the bottom of a 9x13" pan you man need to trim edges to make it fit. With a fork prick pastry several times. Place in 400 degree oven and bake for 15 minuets. While the pastry is baking mix the cream cheese, sugar and vanilla in bowl until combined. Remove puff pastry from oven and spread cream cheese mixture over partially baked pastry. Place second sheet of Puff Pastry over cream cheese (again you may need to trim edges to make the pastry fit). Pour melted butter over sheet of Puff Pastry. Mix 1/2 cup sugar and 2 teaspoons cinnamon in a small bowl then sprinkle over butter topped pastry.
Bake for 20-25 minutes until pastry is puffed up and golden brown. Let cool cut into squares and enjoy!
So along with my Sopapilla Puff Pastry Cheesecake we are helping Camilla of Culinary Adventures with Camilla celebrate her 15th wedding anniversary by sharing waaaayy more than #fifteencheesecakes recipes!!
Do you have a favorite cheesecake recipe?? I would love to

================



======= Instance Index 849 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To peel the shell off of a hard boiled egg.

Choice 1: To begin peeling your eggs lightly tap the egg on some paper towel and crack the shell all over. Then with your thumb begin to peel the shell towards the egg.

Choice 2: To begin peeling your eggs lightly tap the egg on some paper towel and crack the shell all over. Then with your thumb begin to peel the shell away from the egg.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.67955
Retrieved Text: How to peel a hard boiled egg easily!
One of the most annoying things in the kitchen is when you're peeling a hard boiled egg and big parts of the white come off with the shell. The egg ends up looking mangled and wonky - so unappetizing!
This is my two part system for perfectly peeled eggs every time!
Place your boiled egg in a small jar. Choose a size where the egg can move around, but there shouldn't be more than an inch of space between the egg and the sides of the jar.
Then shake the jar up, down, and all around.
The outside of the shell will get tons of tiny cracks, but the lining underneath the shell will stay intact. This is what makes it so much easier to peel.
Peel the shell off under running water or in a bowl. As you peel the shell water will try to get in between the egg and the shell, helping you to peel it off smoothly.
Now go make something delicious!
Each home cook as their own must-have cooking techniques.
I partnered up with a few of my friends from The Casual Veggie Cookbook to share the cooking techniques we couldn't do without! Take a peek and try them yourself at home!
Learn how to turn ANY ingredient into a scrumptious salad!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.68965
Retrieved Text: I always struggle to peel the shells off my hard-boiled eggs. I've tried so many tips. I recently saw a video of someone trying this trick. I thought it was a hoax but tried it any way. It works!
Here's what you do: Once you have boiled your eggs, take a smallish jar that an egg can fit into. (Alternatively, I also saw one guy use a drinking glass and put his hand over the top). Add about an inch of water. Plop in the egg. Put the lid on. Shake your jar about 20 times, pretty hard. You may want to do this over the sink, in case the jar leaks water. Take off the lid and the peel will be barely hanging on. Just slip it off. It doesn't even take any of the egg white with it. My eggs were perfect for Deviled Eggs.
Source: I can't find the video I saw. Sorry!
Very interesting, I will have to try this!
I think I have an even easier way to peel hard-boiled eggs. Upon removal of the cooking pan from the stovetop after eggs are cooked I put it in the sink and run cold water on it. Then take each egg out individually and rap it all over against the sink side - to crack all the shell. This will enable water to penetrate between the shell and the egg white, and loosens the shell.
Place eggs back in the water until completely cooled. Then roll the egg between your palms - sometime the entire shell just

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.60625
Retrieved Text: Theres nothing more frustrating than struggling to peel a hard boiled egg. Egg symbolism because eggs embody the essence of life people from ancient times to the modern day have surrounded them with magical beliefs endowing them with the. Easter feasts recipes party ideas and menus that range from classic to italian.
This is how were doing easter in 2018.
Boiled egg decorating ideas. Egg shell crafts for kids. Enjoy one at homeor as youre sprinting out the door. I will start my list of recipes for this holiday season with these cute snowmen made of eggs. Ideas for easter arts crafts activities using egg shells such as mosaics for children teens and preschoolers.
These healthy breakfast ideas are quick to prepare. I used hard boiled eggs a carrot and some peppercorns. Perfectly cooked eggs are easier to come by than you think. This is our two step fail proof method for absolutely perfect hard boiled eggs every time no special equipment required.
What is the best way to peel a hard boiled egg. If the shell doesnt slip off in a few large pieces youre stuck picking tiny bits. It is quite a popular artcraft form because of the attractive smooth oval shape of the egg. Egg decorating is the art or craft of decorating eggs.
10 best egg cookers and boilers that make mastering breakfast easy.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.009468
Retrieved Text: When cracking eggs, even the most savvy cooks have experienced finding the occasional stray bit of egg shell in the bowl. While fishing these pieces out can be no big deal for some, others find it frustrating.
As a new home cook, I have been guilty of rushing through cracking eggs, thinking that I’ll just deal with stray pieces of shell when I had to, which of course, happened quite often. I used to just strike the egg with a fork or crack it against the edge of the nearest countertop and then break it apart absently over an awaiting bowl.
A few more tries taught me that there is a way to crack an egg cleanly and it starts with striking the egg where it’s weakest, or along the centre. We all have different ways of doing this. Others prefer using a fork or a knife. While others go for simply tapping the egg onto the side of a bowl or countertop.
While any can get the job done, there is a way to crack an egg with less chance of shattering it or making a mess.
First, roll the egg on a hard, flat surface.
Position it over the awaiting bowl and find the crack.
As stated in a previous article, to peel soft-boiled eggs, first tap it gently on a hard, clean surface to crack its shell. Using your fingers, peel off the shell.
Rinse under cold water. Or you can also use a knife to chop the eggs in half before removing their shells.
For hard boiled eggs, what I

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.00873
Retrieved Text: Once done cooking, just open up the egglette container, and a perfectly hard-boiled egg will slide right out onto your plate without ever having to peel a shell. The device uses a thermodynamic non-stick silicone material that cooks the egg like it's still in the shell, making it look and taste just like an actual hard-boiled egg.
How do I keep boiled eggs from sticking to the shell??
I've always found that, re shell sticking to the white, it makes no difference whether the egg is soft-boiled or very hard-cooked. Hard- or soft-boiled, the white of the egg needs to be set so the egg can be peeled.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.48684
Retrieved Text: A few of you will remember my pretty humorous attempt at the Eggstractor, complete with video! Needless to say, I've been after the perfect hard boiled egg for awhile now.
After combining many tips, tried (and failed) techniques, and reading up on the subject I finally have it mastered. I know this is a common frustration for many cooks, so I thought I'd share what I've learned! This is how I boil eggs every time now, and it never fails me! The yolk is always perfectly done (see above) and they're sinfully easy to peel, coming smooth from the shell with none of the white ripping.
Place the eggs gently in an empty pot that has a lid.
Fill with cold water, about 1/2" above the eggs.
Place the pot on a burner and turn the heat to high. Leave the lid off and let it come to a boil.
Once the water has reached a rapid boil turn the heat off (if using an electric stove remove the pot from the burner) and place the lid on.
Once the timer has gone off, carefully pour the hot water off the eggs and fill the pan with cold water. Add a large handful of ice cubes and let sit about 15 minutes to cool.
Fold a few paper towels and place on your countertop.
Grab an egg and smack down on the wide, flatter bottom. This is where the air pocket is and it helps release the rest of the shell for peeling.
Gently tap the pointy tip of the egg, then turn on its

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.973316
Retrieved Text: While anyone can peel a hard boiled egg, it's a neat trick to whip the shell of in a few seconds. Try it!
Remove a little bit of shell from each end of the egg. It helps to gently hit the ends against a hard surface to create small cracks. Do this to an area about the size of a dime on the smaller end (18 mm diameter) and about the size of a nickel on the larger end (21 mm diameter).
Roll the egg between your hands or on a hard surface to loosen the shell from the egg. This should produce small cracks throughout the shell.
Hold the egg in your right hand. Keep the smaller end toward you.
Form a circle with the thumb and index finger of your right hand that is about the same size as the opening on the smaller end of the egg. Be sure your thumb is over your index finger. Place the thumb/index finger circle over the opening on the small end.
Place your left hand under and around your right hand, cupping the egg. Be sure that your fingers fit together and make a seal. This seal is key in directing all the air into the shell and not letting it escape around it.
Bring your hands and the egg to your mouth, forming a seal between your lips and the circle formed with your right hand.
Take a deep breath and blow hard. It takes more air pressure than you think to push the egg from its shell. If necessary, repeat until

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.5239
Retrieved Text: I have been having the hardest time with hard boiled eggs in this lovely high altitude. I'm around 6000 feet above sea level, and water boils at a different temperature, so it doesn't work in the same way. Boiling noodles takes longer, and eggs need to be handled carefully.
So! I've learned how to hard boil until cooked... But sometimes end up with green edges on the yolk, or it goes grey, or whatever. I cannot cook an egg perfectly AND get the shell off easy. I want to be able to make the perfect peeled cooked egg. Because it's driving me crazy not knowing how.
So, today, the day before Easter, I decide it's time. I need to do this. And because I am me, I documented it all for you. Your cook time may vary by altitude, but I hope this is helpful!
All eggs are from the same batch, same brand, same expiration date.
Round 1: steam, 10 minutes, no additives in the water. Cold water bath immediately afterward, about 8 min.
Results: Soft boil. Dark firm yolk. Easy-ish to peel, mostly good there. Needs more time.
Round 2: boil. Add salt and baking soda to cold water, enough to cover cold eggs 1". Bring to a boil, cover, turn off heat, and allow to sit 20min. Cold water bath afterward.
Results: Sulfer smell. 1 peeled easy, but had a green edge on the yolk. The other was hard to peel, but had the perfect fluffy yolk.
Round 3: steam, no additives, 15 min, then cold water bath.
Results: hard boil. Fluffy-ish

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.940613
Retrieved Text: I buy my eggs at a local feed store that sells local farmer’s eggs. This week I was shown this incredibly large egg in a box of chicken eggs for sale. Check out this amazing egg in this dozen.
I was told this egg was laid by a Barred Rocks chicken which is also known as a Plymouth Rock chicken. According the Wikipedia Barred Rocks chickens do lay large eggs but this one takes the blue ribbon in my opinion. I have never seen a chicken egg this big in my life. I am told it should be at least a double yoke egg and maybe even 3 yolks.
My husband loves hard boiled eggs. I’m always boiling eggs for his lunch and sometimes they come out good and other times they don’t. Sometimes they won’t peel for anything. The shell sticks to the egg white and it turns into a big mess. You know what I mean if you’ve ever struggled with peeling a hard boiled egg that doesn’t want to peel.
It’s miserable and you end up throwing most of the egg out.
After experimenting with several different cooking methods, here is my recipe for hard boiling the perfect very fresh egg.
Starting with cold water in a sauce pan, add a dash of salt.
Add eggs to water in sauce pan. The water should be covering the eggs.
Bring to boil and then turn off. Leave the pan on the burner and cover it.
Leave on burner for 20 minutes. Remove and uncover the pan. But don’t pour out the water.
Leave

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.70866
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Holiday / Easter / Pickled Deviled Eggs Recipe + Easter Twitter Party!
Pickled Deviled Eggs Recipe + Easter Twitter Party!
One of my favorite holidays is coming up – Easter! This is a super busy time for not only families, but for Ohio egg farmers! Did you know that my home state of Ohio is ranked second in egg farming nationally? They produce more than 8.7 billion eggs each year – how crazy! I’m excited to share a delicious deviled eggs recipe for those eggs with you today, as well as some more fun facts and tips!
Eggs are one of nature’s most perfect foods. The protein that is found in eggs is the highest-quality protein found in any food! Not to mention, at just 70 calories, there are 13 essential vitamins and minerals, unsaturated fats and antioxidants in one large egg.
A hard-boiled Easter egg should be eaten the same day if you peel it. But if you keep it in the shell, you can refrigerate them and they’ll last for up to one week.
Meet the Weaver family, who are egg farmers from Versailles, Ohio. You can go on a tour of their egg farm virtually! You never know, your Easter eggs may just come from their farm!
Q: When should you buy eggs for Easter? A: Very fresh eggs can be difficult to peel. For easily-peeled Easter eggs, buy and refrigerate them a week to 10 days in advance of cooking. This brief “breather” allows the eggs time to take in air, which helps

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.482147
Retrieved Text: Devilled eggs are definitely an old-school crowd-pleaser. So old school in fact that the first written reference to them goes back to the late 18th century.
Give your devilled eggs a 21st-century spin by soaking the hard-boiled (and peeled) eggs in beet-infused water. It’s super easy to do and it gives them a beautiful pink hue, all without impacting the taste. They're perfect for your Easter brunch or any entertaining you plan to do this spring!
Peel and quarter the beets. Add the beets to a pot of cold water. Transfer the pot to the stove and simmer on low heat for 20 minutes. Remove from the stove and let cool. Add the white vinegar once the liquid is cooled.
To peel the shell off the hard-boiled eggs, tap the egg on a cutting board to crack the shell, be sure to tap the top and bottom of the egg. Then place the eggs under running cold water and gently peel the shell away.
Add the peeled eggs into the beet juice. Refrigerate for minimum 2 to 3 hours.
Remove the eggs from the beet juice and slice them in half lengthwise.
Using a spoon, scoop out the yolks from the centre of the whites and place into a bowl.
In a mixing bowl, combine the yolks, mayonnaise, Dijon, Sriracha and chopped chives. Season with salt and pepper.
Transfer the yolk mixture into a piping bag fitted with a star tip. Pipe the filling into each egg half.
Garnish with a piece of chive and a sprinkle of paprika.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.905403
Retrieved Text: Cook with Claire: The Perfect Hard-Boiled Egg = Perfect Egg Salad!
The Perfect Hard-Boiled Egg = Perfect Egg Salad!
If you know how to make "The Perfect Hard-Boiled Egg" then you can make "Perfect Egg Salad"! Some of my kids favorite sandwiches are: tuna salad, egg salad, and roasted chicken. I use Spring Mill Bread Company bread for the perfect sandwich.
Now, about the hard-boiled egg....The thing about cooking eggs is that it is super easy but still, you don't want to overcook them. Overcooked eggs are tough and rubbery. Yuk! The key is to boil on a low boil and remove cooked eggs to ice water or at least very cold water ...this prevents the eggs from continuing to cook. Hence, avoiding the overcooked, tough, rubbery egg.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Someone noticed that I always use brown eggs and wanted to know why. They are a dollar (or more) cheaper than white eggs! Brown eggs taste the same as white but are less popular so they are always cheaper.
Place eggs (any amount) in a saucepan or pot and cover with cold water. Place pot over med-high heat, cover, and bring to a low boil. The second the boiling starts, turn heat OFF and allow to sit for 12 minutes. Immediately remove eggs to ice bath (bowl of water with some ice cubes) or rinse eggs under cold water --the purpose is to stop the cooking. For easy peeling of eggs --crack egg on counter or side of sink several times. Peel under running water and allow the water to run

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.25398
Retrieved Text: Here’s a great idea to use up all your hard boiled eggs from Easter. Make deviled eggs using no mayo! (We were out of Vegenaise so I worked with what we had — a ripe avocado!) Another favorite of ours is to add some hard boiled eggs to our Healing Chicken Salad.
1. Peel and rinse the eggs under cold water. Halve the eggs lengthwise and scoop the yolks into a bowl.
2. Halve and scoop out the avocado, dice it. Add the avocado and sour cream to the egg yolks and mash into a smooth, creamy mixture. Stir in the liquid aminos, dill, sea salt, and white pepper until the mixture is very well blended; spoon into the egg white halves and garnish with green onion.
Sounds delicious, I’ll have to try it!
Do you ever have problems getting rid of the peel without ruining the egg? With organic eggs this seems to be more of an issue and a lot of patients have mentioned the same thing. Thanks in advance!
Hi Kristin! It can be an issue, yes, because of the increased nutrient density of the free range eggs. A trick is making sure the eggs are completely chilled before peeling. I try to remember to boil the eggs the night before and put them in the fridge over night. That way they are super chilled the next day. The colder the white membrane layer (the “skin” beneath the peel) the easier it will peel away from the egg.
Water is also a great trick. You can take your chilled

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.750305
Retrieved Text: I can't wait to get my Elite Cuisine EGC-007 Maxi-Matic Egg Poacher &amp; Egg Cooker with 7 Egg Capacity for $13.76 (Retail $24.99).
-Your 100% satisfaction is our top priority! We guarantee it! Have an issue? Let us know! Lifetime Limited Warranty!
-Cook up to 7 eggs in soft, medium, or hard boiled firmness, while saving time and water. Eggs come out consistently perfect, shell is easy to peel, and clean up is super easy!
-Fill measuring cup with water to the desired firmness, press the power button once and within minutes your eggs will be "Egg-Celent!"
-Auto-off and built-in cooking timer gets it right everytime!
-Includes measuring cup with firmness markings, egg tray, poaching tray and omelet tray.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.448025
Retrieved Text: Last Saturday, I found different varieties of eggs from the farmer market in Santa Monica so I decided to do an egg test. I’ve been eating different varieties of egg, whichever I can find at the farmer market every week, from quail, chicken, duck, goose, turkey, peacock to the giant Emu egg. They are all different in shape and taste. In able to document them, I make this egg test.
I am using my egg cooker to cook egg because it cooks egg fast, use very little water, and easy to peel. Before I always have to time my boiling egg, do all of the tricks like soaking in ice water right after boiling, to make it easier to peel. One day, my coworker brought his egg cooker to work to cook the fresh egg. I tried it and I hate myself for not knowing about it earlier. The egg cooker use steaming method to steam egg, that’s why the eggs are so easy to peel. In less than 5 minutes, you can have whichever egg you like, from soft, medium, hard to poached egg and omelette. I used this to make my soft boiled ramen egg and since then, I didn’t need to buy them from the restaurant anymore. Making a soft boiled egg is when this device came to rescue. Before I always struggled to peel the soft boiled egg and broke a couple of them before I could get some good looking one. The egg cookers are very affordable and small enough to keep

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.41095
Retrieved Text: I was feeling fancy the other week so when I spied quails eggs I grabbed them without any idea how to work them into my meal plan! It occurred to me that for many quails eggs might be a bit intimidating, they’re tiny little things and you don’t really see them in the supermarkets so they’re a bit of an unknown quantity. I love using them though! For lack of any suitable dish in my menu plan that week I simply soft boiled these and scoffed them like Malteasers with a pinch of salt! They can be tricky to peel so if you were to fancy serving them as a canape I suggest you at least get them started by peeling off half the shell. Wet hands are the trick here, makes things a lot easier!
Simply prick each egg with a pin in the larger end and place in boiling water for 2 1/2 minutes. Remove from the water and either eat warm immediately or plunge into a bowl of cold water to stop them cooking further. If you leave them to air dry then your egg will continue to cook and will become hardboiled. Rapidly cooking the egg means they stop cooking and stay soft. Peel the egg as you would any hard boiled egg, as I said above, wet hands really help here, those little shells can be stubborn! A tiny pinch of salt makes any egg sing and these are no different. Enjoy!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.17812
Retrieved Text: This post seems kind of like a no brainer, yet I have never heard of another person, hard boiling eggs with this fool proof method. It creates a perfect hard boiled egg that is easy to peel, doesn't seem to smell, and hardly has any of the discoloration that you get from a normal hard boiled egg.
Here is the 911 on the perfect hard boiled egg!
Fill pan with water, add eggs, cover the pan, & bring to a boil.
Shut off the heat when the eggs begin to boil. Leave the pan on the burner and set timer for ten minutes. Do not remove the lid during this process.
When timer goes off remove pan and fill with cool water. Peel, EAT, & Enjoy!
Do you have any fool proof methods? How about sharing?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.112003
Retrieved Text: Making Instant Pot Hard Boiled Eggs couldn’t be much easier. All you have to do is remember the number 5!
If you use an Instant Pot for only one thing, it should be hard boiled eggs! Honestly, I am not a big fan of hard boiled eggs but my husband is. I never made them when I had to boil them in a pan on the stove top except at Easter when the kids wanted to color eggs. I could never remember how long to boil them for. Do you put the eggs in while the water is cold or after it is boiling? Learning to make them in the Instant Pot has been life changing and my husband loves it!
Hard boiled eggs are a great snack to have on hand and now that I can easily make them in the Instant Pot my husband can always find them in the fridge.
With the Instant Pot, I no longer have to look up the directions to make hard boiled eggs every time I make them. I only have to remember the number 5!
Cold ice bath for 5 minutes.
The cold water bath helps prevent that ugly green/gray line from forming around your yolk that is caused by the egg continuing to cook. The ice bath stops the cooking process.
Add 1 cup of water to your Instant Pot along with the rack that comes with your pot.
Place your eggs on top of the rack. I usually cook 7-8 eggs at a time.
Seal your pressure cooker and make sure the vent

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.10529
Retrieved Text: I’ve been eating eggs forever, but never learned how to cook a hard boiled egg until I was about 20 years old. I am very particular about runny yokes (in that I really don’t like them), which is why I now have this process down to a science. I won’t bore you with the details of how I got here, but instead I will simply share with you the best way to boil an egg.
The key to boiling a perfect egg is in the temperature of the water when you drop the eggs in. Too warm, and they will definitely crack. I prefer to drop my eggs into cold water before turning on the element, so that the water and eggs can get warm together. You can also add a tsp of white vinegar to stop the eggs from cracking and spilling out.
Next step is to turn the element on high and bring the water to a boil.
Let boil for 1-2 minutes before removing from the element and covering with a lid.
Put your timer on for 15 minutes and let the eggs sit on a cold element. After 15 minutes, drain the hot water and replace with cold water. I do this a couple times to make sure the eggs have properly cooled.
I find it’s easiest to peel the eggs when they are still warm. I also like keeping them in the water until right before I peel them, so that they don’t dry out. (If you’re not eating them right away, feel free to leave

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.93354
Retrieved Text: Many of you who eat eggs might think I have gone crazy to write this post. But when we take a moment and go back to those initial days of our cooking with an unknown ingredient, we will know how difficult it is for anyone to try a new ingredient. When 4-5 of my friends asked me the same question, I thought of posting this. I have been eating boiled eggs from my childhood. But when someone asked me how to boil eggs, I hesitated to answer. Well, I know how to do it and there were no failures so far, but I am not sure if what I always do is right method or wrong. So I spent some time to Google the correct answer. I learnt many different things which I didn’t know about boiling eggs. I would boil them forever without watching the time and switch off after some arbitrary time. I have seen one of my friend boiling eggs for a lot more time.
When I googled, I read somewhere that, the eggs should be boiled till the water comes to a rapid boil and then switch off the heat and close the lid. Leave the eggs like that for some duration of time and then pour ice on it. I tried it and it didn’t work out. May be the time they specified was wrong or I did something wrong, the eggs didn’t get hard in the center and since we both don’t like uncooked egg, we had to throw them all.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.82343
Retrieved Text: When it comes to food, presentation matters. Creativity and science, combined, can result in fascinating ways to cook and present food; hard-boiled eggs are just one example. Some interesting chemistry happens when you cook an egg. For example, think about how an egg starts out as a thick, liquid, translucent substance. But after heating the egg it turns into a gel-like substance, which after further heating and cooling turns into a rubbery solid. How do the egg white and the yolk change during this process? When exactly does the egg turn hard?
In this science activity you will explore the flexibility of hard-boiled eggs, creating a delicious, fun-shaped Easter reward!
Egg white is mainly made up of water (about 85 percent) and protein molecules (about 10 percent). The proteins are twisted, folded and curled up like tiny entangled balls of yarn floating around in the water. Heating causes the weak chemical bonds that keep these proteins entangled to break. The egg proteins then unravel and bump into other uncurled proteins, causing them to bond to one another, a process called coagulation. Water molecules are now trapped in a network of interconnected proteins. The egg white takes on a gel-like consistency, becoming a flexible solid. While the egg is still hot, the protein bonds can be molded into different shapes. Additional bonds between the proteins form until the egg cools. The longer the egg is left at a high temperature, the more protein bonds form, and the more rubbery the final egg will be. Once the egg has cooled

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.588478
Retrieved Text: As kids, soft boiled eggs were so luxurious. We feel like kings eating from those little egg cups and using the small spoon. There was only one problem, we would make a mess out of it and we were unable to peel our own eggs. Mom doing what mom’s do best decided out with the luxury for us and back to dippy eggs.
Now is the chance for you to serve your family the luxurious soft boiled eggs resting in these neat little egg cups.
Soft creamy center eggs served in their shell.
Place eggs in a sauce pan and cover with 1-inch of water.
Place on stove on high and heat until water just boils. Remove from the heat, cover and let stand 2 minutes for a soft runny center, 3 minutes for a center thick and 4 minutes for a center creamy and set.
Serve in an egg shell to be eaten out of the shell or peel, slice in half and serve as is.
Nutritional information for 2 egg serving.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.587223
Retrieved Text: This egg salad sandwich is simple to make, especially if you have some hard-boiled eggs in the pantry. You just mash the eggs, add a spoonful of mayo, sriracha sauce, cilantro and salt to bind all together. Simple isn't it!. It can serve as breakfast or snack.
Place eggs in a saucepan and cover it with water. Bring the water to boil and remove the pan from heat. Close the pan and let the eggs sit in the hot water for about 10 minutes.
Remove the eggs from hot water and peel off the shell and chop the eggs.
Mash the chopped eggs in a bowl using fork, add mayo, siracha sauce and salt. Mix altogether.
Add cilantro and stir again.
Take a slice of bread, place some lettuce on it and spoon some egg mixture and spread them.
Place another slice of bread on top of the egg salad.
Yummy egg sandwich is ready to eat.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.443775
Retrieved Text: While preparing soft boiled eggs, I tested a variety of methods (including cooking the eggs in boiling water as the name suggests, bringing the water up to temperature while the eggs are in the water, holding the water at 150°F until the eggs are cooked, and steeping in just boiling water) in pots of different sizes. After deciding on the steeping method, I reran time tests to determine the best steeping time for a just peelable soft boiled egg. Here's the various stages of soft boiled eggs so you can choose the time that gives you the results you prefer.
Using the method described in Recipe File: Soft Boiled Eggs where the water is brought to a boil, pot moved off the heat source, refrigerated large eggs placed into the water, lid replaced, and eggs shocked in ice water after a set duration of time, I tested various amounts of time spent in the just boiling water.
After 2 minutes: The thin albumen (egg white closest to the shell) has turned white and is semi-solid but the thick albumen (egg white layer nearest to the yolk) is still clear and liquid.
After 3 minutes: The thin albumen has solidified. The thick albumen is liquid but turning white.
After 4 minutes: The thin albumen has fully solidified. The thick albumen is semi-solid.
After 5 minutes: The whites are solid, but when tilted they still flow.
After 6 minutes: The whites are solid but not stiff (moves a little when the egg is tilted). The yolk has begun to thicken, but the egg still

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.390923
Retrieved Text: The week before Easter brings to mind happy childhood memories of brightly dyed eggs. The week after Easter, however, reminds me of opening my lunchbox to find egg salad sandwiches in strange shades of blue or pink. As a kid, I viewed hard-boiled eggs as a fun tradition before Easter and an unfortunate problem afterward.
Well, times have changed. In the All About Eggs post, I mentioned how much my family likes eggs, a cheap and versatile protein. I like keeping hard boiled eggs in the refrigerator to use as a portable snack or topping for salads.
Originally, I’d planned to title this post “How to Make Perfect Hard Boiled Eggs.” You know, ones with rich yellow yolks and firm whites that are a breeze to peel. I used to be able to do it, but the past three attempts to make hard boiled eggs have resulted in undercooked yolks and shells that are incredibly hard to peel. My hard-boiled eggs would make Martha Stewart weep.
I plan to tweak my method a bit next time (see recipe below), but I am open to advice. Seriously, what am I doing wrong?!
Today’s recipe comes from Heidi Swanson’s book, Super Natural Everyday: Well Loved Recipes from My Natural Foods Kitchen (Amazon). She is one of my favorite cookbook authors and food bloggers (read more below).
This salad, a Broccoli Gribiche, combines roasted potatoes and broccoli with hard boiled eggs, swirled in a flavorful vinaigrette dressing. You toss everything together while slightly warm and serve at room temperature. It is easily my favorite

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.3204
Retrieved Text: If you want to know some true cooking hacks you need to talk to your grandma. Peeling eggs has been one of those things plaguing humanity for decades. Little did you know that this is also a problem that’s been cracked (sorry!) by grandma’s a while ago. The Negg is an invention that takes one of those age-old tips and puts it into an easy to use kitchen gadget. Peeling eggs has never been easier than this.
This is a simple plastic container where you add a quarter of cold water, shake a few times so the egg hits the edges and then take it out. This special housing ensures the egg is not damaged while you shake it.
The egg shell can be removed in a whiff after a few shakes with the Negg, without damaging the egg or carefully trying to peel it apart in ten minutes. This is the perfect solution for when you need to make devilled eggs or any other recipe that requires a lot of hard-boiled eggs at once.
Where can I buy this egg peeler?
Get it on Amazon via the link below.
Add 1/4 cup (Negg capful) of water to the Negg. Add your hard-boiled egg and snap on the top cap.
Now you're ready to slip the egg out of its shell. SHAKE the Negg up and down with enough force so that the egg strikes the caps. Remember to take it a little easy, or you will end up with a slushy mess complete with shells.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.28693
Retrieved Text: How Long Do Hard Boiled Eggs Last? Shelf Life, Storage, Exp. How Long Do Hard Boiled Eggs Last? Shelf Life, Storage, Exp.
Hard boiled eggs last about 7 days in the fridge, but can spoil quicker if not handled properly. Hard boiled eggs are fresh whole eggs that have been boiled for about 10 minutes. Chicken eggs are the most commonly used choice for hard boiling. Because of their relatively low-cost, high protein, versatility and portability hard boiled eggs are a popular protein choice. The shelf life of hard boiled eggs depends on a variety of factors; such as when they were boiled and how they were stored. All of these factors influence and determine how long hard boiled eggs are good in the fridge.
Of course, questions of how long do hard boiled eggs last in the fridge and how long are boiled eggs good for depend upon proper storage. But remember, eggs, like a lot of other dairy products (actually eggs are technically classified as animal products… but, since they are purchased in the dairy section of stores we listed them under dairy), usually have a sell by date and not a use by date. Because of this date distinction, hard boiled eggs are good for and may safely be used to complement your favorite meals even after a best by or sell by date has lapsed.
How to tell if Hard Boiled Eggs are bad, rotten or spoiled?
The shelf life of hard boiled eggs is shorter than fresh eggs because egg shells are porous, which means

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.819508
Retrieved Text: I have been boiling eggs for 70 years, and I have made all the mistakes. For a long time, I would put the eggs in cold water, turn the heat to high, and let them boil away until I thought they were done – sometimes for as long as a half hour. The results were always the same: rubbery whites, tough yolks and a thick shell of green on the yolks. I just thought that was the way boiled eggs were supposed to be.
Eventually I learned that a well-boiled egg required scrupulous timing and careful temperature control. Those two changes improved my hard-boiled eggs, but I was still plagued by peeling the little gems. Sometimes, the egg would peel perfectly, but the next time with the same cooking conditions – I thought – great chunks of white would come off with the clinging shell. I read all sorts of treatises on eggs that guaranteed a “perfect” method for removing the shell. They all failed. Some talked about freshness of the egg being key. Others talked about chilling or heating. Sometimes the “no fail” method worked. Sometimes it didn’t. Julia Child, in her informative little book, Julia’s Kitchen Wisdom (Alfred A. Knopf, New York, 2000), cited a method that she got from the State of Georgia Egg Board. The technique was very elaborate. You boiled the eggs, chilled them, brought the boiling water back up to temperature, boiled the eggs for a few seconds, and then chilled them again. I had a hard time remembering the instructions

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.752583
Retrieved Text: Baking soda is a basic ingredient for cleaning and baking. It makes life easier, but did you knew it's also helpful for making beautiful eggs?
If you want to surprise your kids when they open their lunch box. Or even for a potluck with only adults, I guarantee everyone will smile when they see the perfectly shaped hard boiled eggs. Because no matter our age, we all love beautiful food.
And the best part is that it's so easy that even for a regular day you can make it, and bring those extra smiles to your table.
A small container with lid or egg mold.
If you are using a small container you'll also need cling wrap and aluminum foil.
It's better to start with room temperature eggs (to prevent they break while boiling). But if you don't have time, just let them sit 2 min in the pot with water before turning on the heat.
Make sure the eggs are completely covered with water.
Add 1/2 tsp of baking soda to the pot.
Now turn on the heat. Wait until the water is boiling to set your timer to 12 min. Turn off the heat.
If you are making more than one egg, turn off the heat but keep the eggs inside the pot and the pot over the burner.
Use a spoon to take out one egg. It is very hot, do it carefully. If it's too hot for you to handle it, peel off the shell under warm running water, but don't let it cool off too much. First smash the egg to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.53762
Retrieved Text: Perfectly cooked, easy-t0-peel hard boiled eggs are a breeze in the Instant Pot! Ready to eat in about 15 minutes, I keep these little gems on hand in my refrigerator for quick meals and snacks, egg salad, or my favorite deviled eggs. I like hard boiled eggs just about any time, but I rely on them heavily when I’m too busy or tired to cook. They’re simply a low-carber’s best friend — unassuming, perhaps, but good for you and there when you need them. 😉 I’ve been meaning to do this post for awhile, but with Easter coming up in a few days, I figured I’d better get to it!
I have used various methods of hard “boiling” eggs over the years, in search of “the one” that would consistently yield eggs that are not only cooked perfectly — moist, just-cooked yolks (no gray ring) and tender whites — but easy to peel. Before I purchased my 8-quart Instant Pot, I’d settled on a steaming method that I learned from Cooks Illustrated that I’d found better than boiling, but the eggs were not always easy to peel. All that changed with when my beloved Instant Pot came along!
Instant Pot Hard Boiled Eggs are so simple, it’s really more of a method than a recipe, but I include it in recipe form below so it’s easy for you to print, pin, or otherwise save. I use a steamer basket insert that I’ve had for some time (from my previous stove-top pressure cooker, I think). It’s super-simple to use

================



======= Instance Index 1615 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How d I keep the Chicken Cordon Bleu rolled up?

Choice 1: insert toothpicks to hold it in place.

Choice 2: Use clothespins to hold it in place.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.594116
Retrieved Text: Chicken Cordon Bleu Fatty, a totally different way to indulge in Chicken Cordon Bleu! Yum!
I know that you are probably wondering what a “Fatty” is? Well, essentially, it’s meat mixture placed over bacon, topped with goodies, rolled up and smoked. I mean seriously, how can you go wrong? Plus, you get to say, “I smoked a Fatty” and your not doing something illegal! (Except in Colorado of course). This kind of Fatty is more up my ally anyway!
To continue with the whole, “trying to make more comfort foods while I can theme”, but realizing that grilling season is upon us (or at least in Colorado), a Chicken Cordon Bleu Fatty seemed appropriate! I loaded up ground chicken with shallots, garlic, and spinach then made a meatloaf out of it. I put it over the bacon and topped with Swiss cheese and ham. OMG! It gets better, instead of a barbeque sauce, I basted with a honey mustard glaze while I smoked it! It’s so fun to cut into when it’s done, the cheese is all melty and delicious! Just like a giant slice of chicken cordon bleu!
Here is a great video on how to make a “basket weave” to wrap your fatty in! If you don’t want to take the time to weave your bacon, just lay the strips out vertically and overlapping just a bit to hold everything in place! Click here to see how to “roll the fatty”!
Enjoy! Have to finish watching the Masters!
If you don’t want to do a basket weave for your

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.38255
Retrieved Text: An easy Chicken Cordon Bleu which is quick to prepare, and baked rather than fried. All the flavour, all the crunch, a beautiful golden crumb, and it’s better for you!
This retro classic is here to stay – always!
Chicken stuffed with ham and cheese, coated with crunchy golden breadcrumbs. You’d swear it’s fried – but it’s baked.
The classic way to make Chicken Cordon Bleu involves breast pounded until thin, layered with ham and cheese, rolled into a log, chilled, dredged in flour then egg then breadcrumbs then deep fried (and you need a lot of oil to deep fry them).
BUT – you can definitely make my Easy Chicken Cordon Bleu tonight. Because it’s just that – EASY.
I stuff my Easy Chicken Cordon Bleu simply by cutting a pocket into chicken breast, then stuffing it with cheese rolled up inside ham (helps stop the cheese melting out, terrific reader tip!) . Secure with toothpicks – and that’s it! The stuffing is done!
Method 2: Quick Dredge – Dunk chicken in egg flour mixture (combined in same bowl), then in breadcrumbs.
After coating the chicken with breadcrumbs, just give them a quick spray and voila! Ready for baking!
Here’s a comparison of the 2 methods. There’s no denying the Quick Dredge comes out better looking, and it’s the option I’d use for company. Plus, full coating of crunch.
But the Super Easy version is just so darn quick and easy, and really, the main thing is just the absence of crunch on the underside of the chicken. Small compromise for the convenience, in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.160244
Retrieved Text: I remember the first time I made Chicken Cordon Bleu. It was an epic failure. Kale and I had only been married a few months. One night we planned to have some friends over for dinner, and I thought making Chicken Cordon Bleu would be a great dish to impress with! It involved pounding the chicken, which I had never done, and rolling the chicken and blah blah blah. Yeah, it didn’t turn out so well. At all. It was lacking in flavor and looked pretty silly. I was so embarrassed!
I wish I would have had this recipe back then. It is so delicious, and could not have been any easier to prepare. All you have to do is cut the chicken breasts lengthwise to form thinner cutlets and just layer the ham and swiss cheese on top. Sprinkle on some fresh bread crumbs and pop ’em in the oven. What made this chicken so outstanding was the Parmesan-Dijon Cream Sauce to spoon over the top! It is super duper delish! This chicken will be a permanent dish in our dinner rotation. A big thank you goes out to Mel from Mel’s Kitchen Cafe for such an awesome recipe!
The best chicken cordon bleu ever and this recipe is a cinch to make!
Serve each chicken cordon bleu with warm sauce. ENJOY!
**Please use fresh bread crumbs. Not store-bought. It really helps this chicken taste so great!
Is there any houses for sale on your street? I need to be your neighbor.
this looks great!! I need an easy chicken cordon

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.68498
Retrieved Text: This Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole is the perfect chilly weeknight meal! Fresh chicken, ham, and swiss cheese with a creamy sauce and topped with buttered bread cubes – delicious!
This Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole is one you absolutely have to pin or put on your menu plan really soon! It does require a longer bake time because of the chicken, but it really takes mere minutes to put together in the baking dish so you’re free to get other things done while this cooks.
Can I make Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole ahead of time?
You certainly could! Keep it covered with foil and refrigerated before baking in the oven. This is perfect if you have guests coming for dinner!
Can you freeze Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole?
This recipe would make a great freezer meal! Assemble the casserole in a freezer safe container, cover, and freeze for up to 6 months. When ready to bake, allow casserole to thaw overnight in the refrigerator and be sure to check chicken’s internal temperature after baking to make sure it’s done (it may require a few additional minutes bake time).
If you like this Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole recipe, please give it a star rating along with a comment below this post!
This Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole is the perfect chilly weeknight meal! Fresh chicken, ham, and swiss cheese with a creamy sauce and topped with buttered bread cubes - delicious!
Spray the bottom of a 9 x 13 baking dish with nonstick spray. Place chicken in the bottom of the dish (slice them in half if they're

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.35438
Retrieved Text: Happy Easter everyone! To me, Easter means more than just chocolate eggs, it also signifies the start of spring. While I am busy updating my wardrobe with all the pastel-color items. My slumbering taste buds also tingle in anticipation of the fresh new flavors of the approaching season. Lighter dishes for brighter days- it’s time to bid farewell to all the hearty soup and stew!
Chicken cordon bleu is possibly the most famous “French” chicken recipe in the world when, in fact, it is not historically connected to France. Chicken cordon bleu was an American creation in the mid-20th century. Only its name, which means “blue ribbon” in French, can be traced to France. In a typical chicken cordon bleu recipe, ham and cheese are rolled up inside a chicken breast and fried until crispy. For this lighter version, the whole thing is baked until the outside is crispy and the cheese inside becomes oozy. The chicken remains très délicieux despite a modest amount of oil used, and it pairs well with a tangy salad!
2) Lay the chicken thigh between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Gently pound the chicken to 1/4-inch thickness.
3) Remove the top sheet of plastic, lay 1 slice of prosciutto over the top of the chicken then add a slice of cheese over.
4) Tuck in the sides of the chicken and roll it up tightly inside the plastic wrap. Seal and twist both ends tightly to form a log. Repeat with remaining chicken. Put in refrigerator to set for 30min.
5) Season the flour with

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.67814
Retrieved Text: A delicious chicken casserole with all the ingredients of chicken cordon bleu: chicken, ham, swiss cheese all baked together over white rice. I’ve made it extra-flavorful by adding some cheddar cheese and a buttery Ritz cracker crumb topping.
Using a rotisserie chicken or leftover chicken makes Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole super easy to put together.
This is a great recipe to make when you need a meal to take to a new mother or a family that’s going through a rough time. It appeals to a wide variety of ages and tastes and it is true comfort food that is bound to bring pleasure at the end of a hard day.
The combination of chicken, ham, and cheese is already an irresistible one, but a buttery Ritz cracker topping really takes this casserole over the top. Pair with some green beans or a salad and you have a fantastic meal to serve your family.
If you’re looking for chicken casseroles, you’ve come to the right place. We have Chicken Cobbler, Chicken and Stuffing Casserole, Chicken and Asparagus Casserole, Chicken Cornbread Casserole, and Poppyseed Chicken Casserole.
Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole is a creamy mixture of chicken, ham, and cheese over rice. Topped with a buttery Ritz cracker topping for a truly comforting meal.
Lightly grease a 13X9-inch baking dish. Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Spoon rice into bottom of baking dish.
Top rice with chicken and ham.
Evenly layer swiss cheese and cheddar cheese on top of meat.
In a medium bowl, stir together chicken soup, milk, and chicken broth.
Pour soup mixture on top of cheese.
In a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.601414
Retrieved Text: This chicken cordon bleu recipe started with a mission. My husband was asking for chicken cordon bleu but does not like swiss cheese. so I sought out a recipe without. This is a modified version of a chicken cordon bleu recipe from cooking light, so I tried to alter it without adding to many calories to keep the recipe "light". Serve with a salad and a glass of pinot grigio!
2. Place broth and butter in a microwave-safe bowl and heat for 20 seconds. Stir in garlic.
3. Combine panko, grated parmesan, and paprika in a medium shallow bowl.
4. Place each chicken breast half between 2 sheets of plastic wrap, and pound each to 1/4-inch thickness. Season chicken with salt, oregano, and pepper. Top each breast half with 1 slice of ham and 2 tablespoons mozzarella. Roll up each breast half jelly-roll fashion and insert toothpick to hold together.
5. Dip each roll in chicken broth mixture; then coat evenly in panko mixture.
6. Place chicken, seam side down, in a baking dish coated with cooking spray, spaced at least 1/2 inch apart. Pour remaining broth mixture over chicken.
7. Bake at 350° for 28 minutes or until juices run clear and tops are golden.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.19187
Retrieved Text: It was our daughter Krista’s 21st birthday. (It’s hard to believe, I don’t know where the years have gone to). In the past we have treated our kids to a dinner out on their birthdays, but this year we decided to dine in and make a meal of their choice. I like this better and I think the kids have enjoyed it too.
When I asked Krista what she would like for her birthday, she suggested Chicken Cordon Bleu. At first I was thinking really, you had to pick something like this, a dish I have never made before, a dish I have never even eaten before. There was going to be nine of us for dinner and I was kind of worried if I could pull it off. But I decided if that was what she wanted I would do my best to make an enjoyable dinner for her.
I took a trip to our local library in search of the perfect Chicken Cordon Bleu recipe. That was a failed trip, I didn’t find a recipe that I thought would be tasty and easy to make. So my next step was to go to the Internet, now I was sure I wouldn’t fail at finding the perfect recipe somewhere on the web. After looking at several websites I came across the perfect recipe at Angie’s Recipes . A Taste Of Home. Her recipe for Chicken Cordon Bleu was perfect.
The chicken was full of flavor and not too hard to make. The chicken, ham, cheese and the spices

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.01797
Retrieved Text: A favorite classic dish turned into easy to toss together casserole. This Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole gives you all of the flavors of the traditional dish in an easy to make and serve style that screams comfort food. Make and serve or store as a freezer meal for later. The whole family will enjoy this wonderful Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole Recipe.
• Coat an 8″x8″ baking pan with nonstick cooking spray; set aside.
• Cube chicken into small, bite sized pieces- about ½”.
• Combine chicken cubes, ham, soup, milk, egg, cheese, mustard, garlic powder and black pepper in a large bowl; stir until thoroughly mixed.
• Pour contents into sprayed 8″x8″ baking pan.
• Note: If you are going to freeze this meal for future cooking you can wrap your Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole now and freeze it at this step. Be sure to mark the freezer wrapped package with baking temperature and time, as well as the amount of breadcrumbs and butter needed when you are ready to cook this casserole at a later date.
• Sprinkle breadcrumbs over top of filling.
• Use a grater or hand microplane to grate very cold, hard butter over the breadcrumbs. This helps the butter melt and spread more evenly than just popping chunks on top.
• Bake for 25-30 minutes in your preheated 350° oven until the top is crisp and golden brown.
To print the Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole Recipe, click here.
This sounds so yummy!! I am going to buy the ingredients on my next grocery shopping trip. Is there a printable version of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.544323
Retrieved Text: Heat oven to 375°F. To form pocket in each chicken breast, cut 3-inch-long slit in thick side of each breast, cutting into breast about 2 inches and to within 1/2 inch of opposite side.
In small bowl, mix cheese and ham. Spoon evenly into pockets in chicken; secure openings with toothpicks.
Place melted butter in shallow dish. Place bread crumbs on large plate. Dip each stuffed chicken breast into butter; roll in bread crumbs to coat. Place in ungreased 13x9-inch (3-quart) glass baking dish. Sprinkle any remaining bread crumbs over chicken.
Bake 28 to 32 minutes or until juice of chicken is clear when center of thickest part is cut (at least 165°F). Remove toothpicks before serving.
You can stuff 1 to 2 thin slices of deli ham in the pocket of each chicken breast in place of the chopped ham.
To quickly melt butter, cover and microwave on High about 30 seconds.
In French, “cordon bleu” translates to “blue ribbon” in English, and believe it or not, this term dates all the way back to 16th century France, according to Smithsonian. An order of knights that were created by King Henry III of France wore blue ribbons with the cross of the Holy Spirit attached. Large feasts were held for these knights, and the food served was of the highest quality for the prestigious group—it’s thought that the term “cordon bleu” then became associated not only with the knights, but also with the food served at their dinners. Chicken cordon bleu nowadays is a type of stuffed chicken breast. The common

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.266205
Retrieved Text: . . . and put everything under their feet. In putting everything under them,[c] God left nothing that is not subject to them.[d] Yet at present we do not see everything subject to them.[e] 9 But we do see Jesus, who was made lower than the angels for a little while, now crowned with glory and honor because he suffered death, so that by the grace of God he might taste death for everyone.
I am a puff pastry fan from way back when! I first started using it when making breakfast danish. Then I moved on to appetizers and today’s post … My Puffy Chicken Cordon Bleu. The first time I made Chicken Cordon Bleu I followed the recipe to the letter. It was okay and even a little bit impressive. Well, I was impressed anyway 🙂 After starting my love affair with puff pastry I decided to give it a try with my Chicken Cordon Bleu. This recipe is so simple but yet … well, impressive. See for yourself.
Thaw pastry at room temperature for about 30 minutes.
Salt and pepper chicken and cook in olive oil, butter, or canola oil in a frying pan for about 10-15 minutes or until done.
Unfold pastry and place on a lightly floured board; roll out 1 inch wider and 1 inch longer than beginning size.
Cut pastry shell in half and layer 1 slice cheese, chicken, ham, and second slice cheese.
Fold over top half to form a turn-over and press the 3 sides closed with your fingers.
Bake in 350 degree oven

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.207817
Retrieved Text: This Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole combines tender chicken, sweet ham, Swiss cheese, rigatoni pasta and a perfect blend of spices in a cream sauce.
This Easy Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole is sure to become one of your family favorites. It combines tender chicken, sweet ham, Swiss cheese, rigatoni pasta and a perfect blend of spices all in a cream sauce topped with fresh ground croutons. How could anyone resist all this flavorful goodness packed into one beautiful casserole? This casserole takes no time to prep! If you can handle a couple of things at once you can prep this casserole for the oven in about 20 minutes.
Cook pasta according to package instructions and drain. In large skillet cook chicken in butter until no longer pink inside. Remove chicken to plate and sprinkle flour into skillet. Cook for one minute. Slowly whisk in milk and spices and cook until slightly thickened. Combine pasta, creamy milk mixture, chicken, ham and Swiss in the casserole dish.
In the final steps pulse croutons and sprinkle over casserole. Bake, turning on the broiler the last minute of cooking to lightly brown the crouton crumbs.
How to prepare Chicken Cordon Bleu for a crowd.
This Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole is perfect for a party and can be tripled or quadrupled quite easily. It can handle sitting in a chafing dish, or over a chafer stand well. Purchase some low sodium chicken broth to keep casserole dishes moist in their chafing dishes during parties. Just stir in about 1/4 to 1/2 cup of chicken broth if the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.586758
Retrieved Text: You better hold onto your socks because they are about to be knocked off with this Pistachio Gruyere Chicken Cordon Bleu with Creamy Honey Dijon Sauce.
This Chicken Cordon Bleu post is sponsored by Swanson® . All opinions are my own.
My mom’s delicious chicken cordon bleu is a staple on her company dinner rotation. It’s always met with an abundance of compliments accompanied by inconspicuous finger licking. With the holiday season coming up and more reasons to have company over for dinner or simply share a special dinner with your family, I wanted to elevate traditional chicken cordon bleu to heights that will make your soaring taste buds giddy.
This Pistachio Gruyere Chicken Cordon Bleu sounds fancy, but is quite simple to make. So simple that even though I had never made chicken cordon bleu before this year, I was almost shocked at how easy it was and how quickly it comes together. Simple and quick enough that it doesn’t just have to be for special occasions – thank goodness or you would be making up special occasions – weekly.
There are a few special ingredients that make this Chicken Cordon Bleu soar.
Finely ground pistachios mixed with Lemon Pepper Panko Breadcrumbs, basil, garlic and onion powder create a crispy, crunchy, nutty breading. If you like pistachios even a little, then I am very, very excited for you to try this new breading.
Next, the Black forest ham adds a nice smokey flavor and then the melty Gruyere cheese pushes this chicken cordon bleu over the edge with its rich, creamy

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.302475
Retrieved Text: Chicken cordon bleu kids cooking party.
Try this award winning and easy recipe for this Chicken Cordon Bleu kids cooking party. Chicken Cordon Bleu is a French dish which is translated to mean blue ribbon. You will want to write down the Chicken Cordon Bleu recipe below. Create one for each child that will be at the party.
Once you know the number of children coming go through the list of things needed especially utensils, bowls, etc. If you need extra ask friends or family if you can borrow some items for this Chicken Cordon Bleu kids cooking party.
Small rectangle disposable aluminum pans. This will allow each child to prepare their own pan.
Bowl- 1 or 2 large depending if you are doubling the recipe-for mixing sauce.
Several rolling pin(s) or kitchen mallets for flattening chicken breasts-not necessary to have one for each child as they can share.
Plastic gloves if you'd like to use these when handling meat. If not make sure everyone washes their hands after handling raw chicken.
Tear off sheets of waxed paper to use while preparing chicken.
This recipe is for 6 children increase the recipe as needed for your kids cooking party.
Give each child a pair of gloves if using them. This will help with kitchen sanitation when handling chicken but if you prefer they can use their hands and wash well after handling chicken. To start this Chicken Cordon Bleu kids cooking party each child should have a small rectangle aluminum pan, 2 sheets of waxed paper, a chicken breast, a slice of cheese and a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.92485
Retrieved Text: Browse Kraft® Official Site For Tasty, Easy Chicken Recipes, Try Today!
Search Chicken Cordon Bleu. Visit & Lookup Immediate Results Now.
Find Serve With Chicken Cordon Bleu if you are Looking Now.
What Meats Other Than Chicken Go Well With Cordon Bleu Sauce?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.83251
Retrieved Text: Chicken cordon bleu meatballs, a.k.a. bleu balls, are a delicious food item that I first tried at NYC’s own Meatball Shop. If you don’t know, the Meatball Shop is a beloved NYC institution that serves up creative variations of meatballs. We love cordon bleu balls so much that we decided to recreate the whole thing at home alongside with a creamy classic Suprême sauce. Look at those dancing, animated meatballs (yay we can animate now!).
“But Pâté–how many kinds of meatballs are there really?” So much so many you have no idea. For starters, meatballs aren’t limited to your standard 70/30 ground beef and red sauce. You can really try any ground protein with any savory sauce under the sun–and you’re encouraged to try funky combos at the Meatball Shop. Don’t project your conceptual framework of Italian foodstuffs on these balls you bully.
Here at Pâté, we grind our own meat. It’s really not as scary as it looks and the meat grinding Kitchenaid attachment is one of the cheapest you can buy. But if you’re scared, you can just buy your ground meat from the store. We served these cordon bleu meatballs with a creamy Suprême sauce, a classic French velouté sauce that is so good I’ve been tempted to just eat it like soup. And have. That was too much information.
Make delicious, cheesy chicken cordon bleu meatballs using this quick chicken meatball recipe.
Grind meat (optional). If choosing to grind your own meat, cube chicken breast and thigh and pass through grinder on largest setting. Pass through

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.253902
Retrieved Text: A few weeks ago I made some lemon basil chicken. I made quite a bit since I was making it for a group of people to come over. Since I had the chicken grilled up I made up the PW’s grilled chicken with lemon basil pasta for the kids. Since the hubby was out of town no one would complain about having chicken. But, then I had a whole bunch of pasta leftover and still piles of chicken. I had to plot how to convince eating chicken for supper would be ok. After a quick once-over of the meat and cheese drawer I figured out a little Swiss cheese and some ham might be the trick. So, I bring you chicken cordon bleu casserole with a lemony twist.
I must admit, after seeing the chicken cordon bleu lasagna from My Kitchen Apron, I think I will try her recipe as well. It looks awesome!
For my casserole, I started by cutting up about 2 cups worth of the leftover lemon basil chicken and shredding about a cups worth of Swiss cheese.
I then pulled out the leftover lemon basil pasta. There was most of the pasta left. I would recommend making at least 12 ounces of pasta if not a whole pound for a 13 x 9 pan or two 8 x 8 pans. I used a rigatoni past but use whatever shape you have on hand. Cook the pasta to al dente if you are not using leftovers like I did. Add the cheese and 1 cup of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.097496
Retrieved Text: Sometime ago, I made some really delicious Baked Cheesy Chicken Fillets with Ham plus generous mix of both Kraft and Swiss Cheese.
The Chicken Cordon Bleu was paired with lovely heart-shaped tomatoes as it was Valentine's Day. Thanks for being so patient with me, the second part of the post is finally out! I hope these DIY Tomato Hearts will make your day, and perhaps try making them for your darling?
To make these cute little tomato hearts, you have to purchase those oval-shaped honey cherry tomatoes. Simply slice off ¼ from the top diagonally as shown in the photos.
Do the same with another tomato. Then combine the bigger part together and insert a cocktail stick through to get a tomato heart! Easy enough?
Check out my Baked Cheesy Chicken Fillets with Ham, Finger Lickin' Good now!
What a simple trick to snazz up dinner. I'm going to use that tomato heart idea. Thanks Shirley!
Oh. Thanks for the tip. Nice idea.
So so lovely. Can't take my eyes off the loveliness.
This chicken recipe is so cool:) Thanks for sharing that too.
Hi Shirley, love your heart shaped tomato, look so cute and pretty. You're very creative.
The baked chicken look awesome. Thanks for sharing your wonderful idea.
Have a lovely evening, regards.
Love cordon Bleu as well!
My family would love your chicken---and your tomato hearts are so darned cute! What a yummy meal, Shirley!
Shirley, your tomato hearts are just darling! Cherry tomatoes are in season here now so I'll have to make "Valentines Day" dinner in August -- why not?! :) Off to check out

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.860756
Retrieved Text: I’m not sure what sparked my husband’s idea for Chicken Cordon Bleu-inspired panini this weekend but it was absolutely brilliant. Crispy panko-crusted chicken breast, layered with smoked ham, Swiss cheese and a sweet-and-tangy honey mustard sauce, grilled on French bread? Yes, please!
It sure has been a long time since I last had Chicken Cordon Bleu. It’s kind of one of those classics you don’t really see on restaurant menus too often anymore but a lot of people still make it at home. I have a scary hunch that my most recent one might have been a microwaved airplane version, smothered in a white sauce. Sadly, even that was kind of good. When that smoky flavor from the ham works its way into the chicken and the cheese gets all melty inside – well, the dish is almost always a winner in my book.
The components of Chicken Cordon Bleu lend themselves perfectly to panini – I should have made these a long time ago. Add a fresh salad and you’ve got a relatively quick and easy weeknight dinner!
Heat the olive oil and butter in a large sauté pan over medium-high heat. Set up a dredging station for the chicken by placing the flour, egg and panko bread crumbs each in separate shallow dishes. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and dredge each piece in the flour, egg and bread crumbs. Place the breaded chicken into the pan and sauté for about 4 minutes per side until cooked thoroughly. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.91733
Retrieved Text: Sopa de Cebolla; Chicken Soup.
Picanha; Brazilian Style Top Sirloin.
Peixe Espada Frito ou Grelhado; Grilled or Fried Kingfish.
Pechugas de Pollo a la Cordon Bleu; Chicken Breasts a la Cordon Bleu.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.660023
Retrieved Text: In my world, there’s nothing better than take-out and DVR Friday nights. I’m old at heart and this is my ideal way to end the week. It feels so right to be lazy and loungy and doesn’t make me feel guilty at all. Saturday & Sunday mornings are a different story. I feel the need to get stuff done…immediately. Plus, in this heat do you really want to be crazy like me and crank your oven?
I don’t usually plan dinners for Friday night and Mr. J gives me a sly grin saying “how ‘bout we order something?”. I am the cheap one so often I’m the one who would eat something weird that I can come up with from the depths of the freezer or pantry rather than going out. Since we moved to the burbs our take-out delivery is slightly more limited. We tend to go with pizza or Chinese.
I got a chicken cordon bleu calzone from a local pizza joint and was stoked. Enough for lunch leftovers over the weekend! Woohoo! It was amazing and I wanted to recreate it.
I made regular chicken cordon bleu and loved it but this calzone was definitely the easy way out.
Spread pizza dough onto a baking sheet.
Chop chicken, ham, and arugula.
Layer the chicken, cheese, ham, and arugula over the pizza dough.
Remember to include fillings almost to the edge and keep layering eventhough it will look like too much filling.
Close pizza dough over to seal shut.
Since I can’t pretend I made this idea up, I’m not tooting my own

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.527306
Retrieved Text: As our talented NCOTY and YNCOTY semi-finalists head to Le Cordon Bleu on Tuesday, 20th June, we’ve found out 10 interesting facts that you should know before heading to the event.
Le Cordon Bleu’s story began over 120 years ago when a young journalist, Miss Marthe Distel founded the first weekly culinary magazine of that period entitled La cuisinière Le Cordon Bleu. With 20,000 subscribers, Marthe decided to start inviting subscribers to take part in free cuisine lessons with the first being taught at Le Cordon Bleu Paris in October 15, 1895. Today Le Cordon Bleu has become the leading global network of culinary arts and hospitality management institutes, and is renowned for being at the forefront of the gastronomy industry.
2. They invented Coronation Chicken!
In 1953, Le Cordon Bleu was asked to undertake the luncheon for Her Majesty’s guests, and served the Coronation Day Banquet to three hundred and fifty people in the Great Hall of Westminster School. The dish was called Poulet Reine Elizabeth, known infamously today as Coronation Chicken.
Le Cordon Bleu has over 20,000 students graduating each year of over 100 different nationalities throughout their 35 institutes across more than 20 countries worldwide!
Le Cordon Bleu’s Master Chefs, wine experts and lecturers have all been recruited from the best Michelin-starred restaurants and 5* hotels from around the world. With years of experience in the industry, having held executive positions and competed in some high profile competitions, the academic team have a wealth of knowledge to share with Le Cordon Bleu students.
Not only do Le Cordon Bleu

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.42547
Retrieved Text: diced﻿ Ham, diced cheese, Italian vinegret and Ceasar's dressing.
I love this salad! It's so easy to make yet very tasty.
I just love mom's spaghetti. I tried copying her spaghetti sauce recipe but I just can't get it to taste the same. She adds a lot of spices and herbs on to the sauce and she also uses canned tomatoes instead of your usual spaghetti sauce. It's just yummy!
yum!! ginutom ako.. as in... i want your mom's green salad..
Now I'm hungry! Did your Mom baked the Chicken Cordon Bleu? I tried cookin that once but I fried them.
@Chickgurl, Yes she baked the Chicken Cordon Bleu. It tastes better when baked as compared to deep fry.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.198265
Retrieved Text: These Cordon Bleu Chicken Enchiladas are an easy, make ahead meal to keep on hand for busy weeknights! Loaded with chicken, ham, cheese and spinach, then smothered in Alfredo sauce and cheese, they are pure comfort food! Includes step by step recipe video.
When I first started blogging, I was determined to be different. To be unique. To find some of the craziest ideas out there and then mash them up so they were even crazier and — hopefully — more delicious.
I’ll admit, I look back to some of my first recipes on here and cringe a little. It took me a while to realize that what most people want are recipes that you are actually going to go to the kitchen to make for dinner, that are doable. Not crazy or extravagant or time-consuming.
So I went back to the basics, for quite some time actually. And I’m just now starting to feel a yearning to get a little crazy — just a little — again. One of the best parts of food blogging is getting to create — the kitchen is truly my art studio.
These Cordon Bleu Chicken Enchiladas are pure comfort food, born out of two entirely separate but delicious things: chicken cordon bleu and enchiladas. But they are seriously incredible and, maybe best of all, make-ahead-able. Perfect for those crazy, stressful days of school and holidays and sports and dance classes and swimming lessons and life.
I prefer to use whole wheat tortillas for some extra fiber and protein, but any flavor will work just

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.263687
Retrieved Text: A great classic that everyone loves, our Cordon Bleu is made with 100% NZ raised chicken breast, filled with a delicious cordon bleu filling and coated in a multigrain crumb. Perfect for dinner with a side of veges. Cage free, no added hormones.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.85535
Retrieved Text: Le Festival 2018 thrilled Brisbane Francophiles with hundreds attending Le Cordon Bleu masterclasses designed to excite and educate lovers of French cuisine & culture. This hugely successful event is the largest French Festival in Australia with more than 40,000 registered visitors.
With exclusive naming rights to the Masterclass pavilion and Instagram booth, and supported by an exhibitor's stand, the Le Cordon Bleu brand was showcased to thousands.
Over two days, Le Cordon Bleu hosted masterclasses for adults and children, with a choice of workshops in Vegetarian Cooking from the Garden, French Profiteroles with a Flair, and Le Petits Cooking Classes.
In ‘Cordon Vert: Vegetarian Cooking from the Garden’ guests explored vegetarianism with a French twist with award-winning chef Tom Milligan who demonstrated Ratatouille Provençale (Smoked tomato and sweet basil sorbet).
The secret of perfect profiteroles was revealed in ‘French Profiteroles with a Flair’ with award-winning pâtissier Daniele Panetta who workshopped four classic fillings: Crème pâtissière (pastry cream), Mousseline praline (hazelnut mousseline), Pâté de foie de volailles (Chicken liver pâté) and Mousseline d’avocat et de fromage frais (Avocado & cream cheese mousse).
Young budding chefs were thrilled with Les Petits Cooking classes especially designed for children to enjoy a hands-on French Pâtisserie cooking experience with Le Cordon Bleu experts.
Le Festival is a wonderful opportunity for the public to taste the culinary expertise Le Cordon Bleu is famous for, while raising the profile of French cuisine and culture in Australia.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.508312
Retrieved Text: Cafe 11 serves a Chicken Cordon Bleu with a twist. We take a boneless skinless chicken breast and top it with sliced ham & swiss cheese. Served with a side of our house made honey mustard sauce to kick it up a notch. You also get two sides consisting of garlic mashed potatoes & our vegetable of the day.
"Cafe 11's chicken cordon blue is a great dinner option, fresh & flavorful!"
Start your meal off with a 1/2 order of any of our fresh made specialty salads.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.47466
Retrieved Text: So... I won't lie, chicken cordon bleu is not nearly as challenging as I hoped it would be. I was feeling a little fancy and my husband always likes when I take dinner to the next level and stuff the chicken with something so, cordon bleu just made sense. I've made a few things similar before, but never actually cordon bleu and never actually followed somebody's recipe. So I was all excited and started prep at like, 3:30, thinking I MIGHT be done by 6.. little did I know it was only gonna take me about 20 minutes to do it ALL before it was in the oven! SO, for those of you desiring some tricky, afternoon dinner project, don't make this. But, for those of you who can't deny a good stuffed chicken breast that makes you look much fancier than you actually are and you only have 45 minutes before people are showing up, make this.
To assemble, first start by spreading the baby swiss directly onto the ham slices, as it's easier to spread while the ham is on a cutting board, not the chicken.
Now lay the pieces of ham over the chicken breasts and sprinkle with the parmesan-reggiano.
Carefully, roll the chicken breast up on itself until it's in a tight little bundle and can rest on its own without unrolling.
Now generously sprinkle the breasts with your flour mixture, carefully dunk them into the egg wash and coat them in the bread crumbs. I find it easier to coat them fully if you spread

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.25238
Retrieved Text: deep fried Fatty!! | Smoking Meat Forums - The Best Barbecue Discussion Forum On Earth!
Discussion in 'Fatties' started by lennyluminum, Dec 16, 2010.
I made 2 fatties the other night one is a Chicken cordon bleu fatty and the other was a buffalo chicken fatty!!
Now here is the kicker...... After i smoked these bad boyz i breaded then and dropped them in the turkey fryer!!
now the Buffalo chicken!! pretty simple just filled it with bleu cheese and some wing sauce I made! it was pounded out chicken breast as well !!
in the smoker they go!!
Now lets do some fryin!!
gotta put the cheese on top of the buffalo chicken.
That is way cool , Add one more thing to the bucket list .
that cordon bleu fatty looks like something i may have to put on the menu.
Congrats on taking that fattie an extra mile. What a way to go. It's all good my friend.
Now that's a heart attack in a good way.
That's taking fried chicken to a whole new level! Cheers!
What!!?? That is way cool! Using chicken AND deep frying is awesome! I bet they tasted crazy good too. Great job!
That looks good. I would definitely eat it.
I think my wife would have me deported if I tried to serve her that, and I'm natural born 'merican. I'd eat the hell out of it though. I can assure you that it would go to heaven.
Thanks for the ideas, gonna have to try that one.
Great job on the fattie's, I love the chicken breast idea. Very well done!
Thanks for the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.862297
Retrieved Text: Breaded chicken breasts with ham and swiss cheese make a great alternative to Chicken Cordon Bleu. Cafeteria food is such a comfort to so many of us; we have all eaten at cafeterias. What’s better than getting to pick and choose exactly what you are going to enjoy? These chicken breasts are somewhat like Chicken Cordon Bleu, but they are easier to make and sure to please all of your guests.
You can make Luby's Chicken Durango with this copycat recipe.
Pound chicken breasts until they are 1/2" thick. Mix seasoned salt and pepper with bread crumbs; set aside. Dust chicken with breadcrumbs, dip in milk, then dip chicken back in breadcrumbs.
Place chicken in a heated fry pan with just enough vegetable oil to cover the bottom of a pan. Fry breasts on medium heat until golden brown. Remove chicken breasts and place on serving tray. Spread breasts with tartar sauce. Place ham on chicken.
Top ham with a slice of the Swiss cheese. Place chicken Durango in oven or microwave just long enough to heat and melt cheese. Serve with your favorite salad or side vegetable. To help even the cooking time, I highly recommend pounding out the chicken breasts and making them thinner. If you are trying to save calories, this helps you feel like you have received a larger piece of meat than you actually have.
Stepanie, I want to thank you for all of your effort and talent on this website. I’ve never got on my pc without first checking for new recipes. You my friend

================



======= Instance Index 861 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To attach strips of cardboard to a larger piece of cardboard, you can

Choice 1: Use a sanding belt to hold the strips of cardboard in place

Choice 2: Use a hot glue gun to hold the strips of cardboard in place

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.588406
Retrieved Text: 1. Cut out 3 heart shapes from cardboard. Or cut 1 clover shape.
2. If using 3 heart shapes, layer them in a clover shape and tape together with Duck tape (this will be the back, so it doesn't have to look pretty).
4. Using hot glue attach strips to cardboard in a scrunched-up, ruffly manner until entire surface is covered. My method: put several dots of glue, attach several strips (repeat).
5. For the stem, cut a piece of cardboard in the desired shape. Wrap with green ribbon and attach to back of shamrock with Duck tape.
6. Using a pencil, poke a hole through the cardboard and the center top of the shamrock, about 1.5-inch down. Thread a piece of ribbon through, tie into a loop, and use to hang shamrock.
Safety First: If you do this with kids, be careful with the hot glue!!
Alternative Materials: You could use tissue paper, wrapping paper, or fabric for a similar effect.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.098255
Retrieved Text: Cut out two circles of white fabric 1/2" larger in diameter than cardboard. In well ventilated area, spray mount adhesive to one side of each circle and lay white fabric on top, smoothing it out. Cut slits along 1/2" overhang, fold back and glue overhang onto wrong side of cardboard. Draw 2 half circles on each fabric backed cardboard with black marker, paint on red "stitches" and letter team name on back of ball.
For suspender to hold up "baseball" placard, cut four 18" strips of ribbon and four 6" strips of STICKY BACK® tape. Glue down one end of each 18" ribbon strip to the back of one circle, placing one ribbon on each side of the top of baseball placard for shoulder straps, and one on each side of the baseball for underarm straps. Attach four loop halves of the 6" strips of STICKY BACK® brand tape to other end of the four ribbons and attach four corresponding hook halves to back of second circle (the back of the baseball placard). Press hook and loop strips together to secure suspenders and underarm straps, and adjust to fit the child.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.069912
Retrieved Text: I had LOTS of cardboard just lying around so I was pretty pleased about not having to buy anything!!! The only thing that was blocking my way now was, did I have the patience to make something this hard? The answer (surprisingly) was yes. So I got started pretty much straight away. With the help of my assistant, the epitome of awesome cardboard creations was created!
So just read the easy-to-follow steps and then be rewarded with an amazing piece of artwork at the end!
Now we will begin the first stage of making your High-top. The sole of the shoe comes first. I got my assistant to hold the shoe hard against the base of a box and trace around sole of the shoe. Now you will cut out the shoe so you have a sole. On my model shoe, the toe flicked up 1 inch so I bent the toe of the cardboard sole up the same amount. This didn't hold for the entire process of making the shoe and slowly bent down but that's OK. to get the bend, cut slits down and bend the cardboard up to get a clean bend.
Now you need to cut 2 strips of cardboard that are 1 inch high and long enough to stretch half the length of the shoe. With the help of your assistant, glue these on using a hot glue gun. You should now have a shoe sole with edges.
To colour the edges, cut two pieces of printing paper the same dimensions as the cardboard strips.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.962997
Retrieved Text: One day, while lost in a daze of website strolling, we stumbled upon BloesemKids, one half of an incredibly gorgeous website put together by founder and editor Irene Hoofs. Originally from Amsterdam, Hoofs vision is to put together a blog that "is a truly delightful reference of abundant treats for kids". With stories and ideas written by both guest writers and Irene herself, the website is filled with creative gems that are as simple to take on as they are stunning to flip through and admire.
We spotted "The Long Reach Gizmo" and were instantly inspired to come up with our own design. Hence, the birth of the Love Bird Connection!
• Recycled Cardboard Box cut into two 2" x 8" strips, and four cut into 1" x 8" strips.
PRINT the Love Bird stencil and cut around the outline until you have both birds and their halves of the heart.
GLUE the birds onto the 2" x 8" pieces of cardboard. Make sure to coat the entire piece of cardboard before laying down your printout. When you've place your printout onto the cardboard, apply another coat covering the printout. We used Golden Matte Medium as our adhesive for a smooth finish, but you could just as easily use mod podge. Allow to dry.
CUT around the outline of the birds using an x-acto knife, so that you eventually have both birds backed onto cardboard.
MEASURE four 8" x 1" strips of cardboard and cut them out for the "handles".
POKE two holes into each 8" x 1" strip of cardboard, where your

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.784813
Retrieved Text: I decided to remix this project by covering the clothespins with newspaper and adding a compartment to store items in. This project is easy, utilizes household items, and is completely customizable.
Using a pair of scissors and the large cardboard box, cut out a strip of cardboard. To do this, first, draw a line to indicate where you would like to cut. Then using your scissors carefully cut along the penciled line. Since I used a shoebox, I cut off the lid to obtain the strip of cardboard. The size of the cardboard will vary based on the size of the mirror you use.
Repeat the previous step to obtain another strip of cardboard that is equivalent to the first one you cut.
Place your mirror in the center of the cardboard strip so that there is an equal amount of cardboard on either side of the mirror. Using a pencil draw a line on each side with excess cardboard (as shown in image). Cut along these lines so you end up with 2 smaller pieces of cardboard.
Using a hot glue gun, attach the two smaller strips of cardboard to the main strip, so that all four sides around the mirror have an equal amount of cardboard (use the image as a reference).
Align the mirror in the center of the cardboard frame, and use a pencil to outline the mirror. Next, apply a generous amount of glue to the back of the mirror and attach it to the cardboard, using the outline as a guide. Press firmly and let

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.730324
Retrieved Text: You know that feeling when the pinata explodes and the treasures inside rain down and then there’s a mad rush to get as much of that sweet reward as you can grab? Yeah well, that’s basically what happened to the gaming world with the release of Fortnite season 6 Darkness Rises.
Fortnite has been holding onto the attention of gamers with a viral-like grip. Meanwhile, we’re over here preparing for the Fortnite parties that are just another inevitable part of any pop culture revolution. Watch as we transform an inexpensive donkey pinata into the coveted Loot Llama of Fortnite fame.
Use this transformed pack animal as either a centerpiece at the party’s refueling station or stuff it with candy and let your gaming crowd bust it open battle style.
We captured the distinguishing traits of this colorful character and you can too with these easy steps.
Remove pinata covering and side holders. Reserve one of the holders for later use.
To make legs more llama-like, begin by cutting each from “hoof” to belly and removing about 1” of cardboard. Re-form legs, using hot glue and masking tape to secure.
Carefully remove pinata head (make sure to reserve cross piece). Determine the diameter of the neck and cut a piece of cardboard 4” wide by that length. Attach “head extension” to top of the neck using hot glue and masking tape.
TIP: Roll cardboard into a spiral to make it more pliable and easier to curve around neck opening.
Construct bottom lip by trimming cardboard into two mouth shapes. Use reserved side holder piece to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.312126
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for a unique gift that will impress everyone? Well, then take a look at this idea!
I have recently opened a new Etsy shop to sell my silhouette shadow boxes, like the Christmas shadow box I made a while ago, so I'm a lot into paper cutting lately. The more I designed new sceneries, the more I thought that it would have been nice to do something similar with a customized photo, especially a portrait. So why not trying with my own pictures?
Choose a photo you like and open it in a photo editor. I'm going to explain you how to edit it using Photoshop.
A new window will open: drag the slider to adjust the amount of black and white you want in your picture.
When you are done, select both layers then right click on one of them and select Convert to Smart Object.
A new window with all of the filters will appear: click on the Palette Knife one in the Artistic folder. Adjust the settings on the right side and when you are satisfied with the result click OK.
Right click on the layer and select Rasterize Layer.
Now that you have a silhouette, use a white brush to erase all of the black spots around the picture that you don't want. You can also "correct" the image using a black brush.
Remember: all of the black parts of the image must be connected to each other! In case you leave some separate parts from the rest of the image, those parts will be cut out.
As

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.253017
Retrieved Text: Lie your paper bags on top of each other, all facing the same way, with the fold on the back. 2. Fold your bags in half together and use your hole punch to punch 3 holes.... Lay out 10 strips side by side vertically in front of you on a work surface to begin to make one half of the purse. Tape the top and bottom edges of the strips to the table with duct tape. Begin weaving the remaining strips in and out from the taped strips.
turn a t-shirt into a bag Oh The Things We'll Make!
And 114 bottles to make enough insulation (fiberfill) for a sleeping bag. Nearly 28 percent of plastic bottles are recycled in the U.S. If everyone pitches in, we can do even better. Nearly 28 percent of plastic bottles are recycled in the U.S. how to make a minecraft server mac yout To make this project VERY environmentally friendly, use a piece of recycled cardboard as well. Cut the cardboard to size. It must be three inches larger than the size of plastic bag rug you want to make.
Lay out 10 strips side by side vertically in front of you on a work surface to begin to make one half of the purse. Tape the top and bottom edges of the strips to the table with duct tape. Begin weaving the remaining strips in and out from the taped strips.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.087196
Retrieved Text: With just cardboard and cork, your little engineer can design an adorable critter that moves.
Use cardboard and corks to engineer simple gears. Kids will get a kick out of designing a piece of art that moves.
Only adults should cut the corks.
Older kids can help hammer and push nails through the corks, but young children should have assistance.
Step 1: Show your young learner how to peel the paper off one side of some corrugated cardboard to expose the bumps. The bumps will act as cardboard cogs for the caterpillar’s gears.
Step 2: Help your child measure, mark, and then cut the peeled cardboard into 1.5 centimeter-wide strips.
Step 3: Adult-only step: Cut a cork into several 1.5 centimeter thick circles.
Step 4: Give your child some glue and let her use it to attach the cardboard strips, bumpy-side out, around the outside of each cork. Help her trim the cardboard as needed.
Step 5: Use a hammer or your fingers to push a nail through the center of each cork. Older kids can help with this step.
Step 6: Help your young engineer arrange the gears side-by-side to create a caterpillar. Ask him how close the gears have to be so that they will turn the next one in line.
Step 7: Assist in arranging the corks, so that when you push the nails into the pie tin or cake pan, the gears will interlock and spin together. Help push the nails through the aluminum.
Step 8: Ask your young learner to test the gear caterpillar by turning one of the corks.
Step 9: Rearrange

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.853096
Retrieved Text: Cardboard is the material for creating unique crafts!
Home / Needlework / Cardboard crafts - ideal for family creativity!
Cardboard crafts are ideal for family creativity!
Cardboard is a universal material that allows developing creative abilities in adults and children. Find out what simple crafts can be made from cardboard boxes and corrugated cardboard!
Is the grandiose holiday approaching? Thinking about what to please your family? To surprise friends and acquaintances will help everyone well-known cardboard. What can be done from ordinary cardboard? Yes, everything your heart desires! It will perfectly suit both for creating a gift box, and for making the presentation itself. It happens that some crafts made of cardboard are more aesthetic than purchased analogues.
Initially, this material was created to protectGoods from damage during transportation. And today corrugated cardboard is very demanded for the creation of reliable packaging, but in recent years its scope has expanded significantly.
I must say that a variety of crafts fromCorrugated cardboard is ideal for children's creativity, as the material is easy to bend, and it easily takes the shape the child needs. Buy some material and start creating a family of colorful cardboard products.
A technique called "Tungsten"The most used for corrugated cardboard products. It is the twisting of strips of different density. Thus, spirals of different shapes and sizes are formed. With such curls, excellent three-dimensional flowers are obtained for appliqués.
First, draw 15 petals on a colorCardboard, carve them. From the yellow and brown cardboard (corrugated) we cut out strips, the din of which should be 50 cm. So, to make a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.330097
Retrieved Text: This year, forego those store-bought plastic reindeers and craft your own holiday d�cor instead.
Personalization adds a unique and elegant touch to your home. And with a little ingenuity, even items you�d normally throw away like candy wrappers and old magazines can be transformed into spectacular vases, holiday gifts and jewelry.
Use a craft knife, ruler, and cutting mat to cut magazine pages into 600 1/4 inch strips.� Use cylindrical objects of different sizes as rolling instruments. Roll the strips around the object once, then brush glue on the next section of the strip and roll again. Dab glue at the end of the strip to seal the coil. Brush each roll with decoupage medium and set aside to dry. Trace the bottom of the jar onto the cardboard with pencil. Add 1 inch to the diameter, and use a craft knife to cut it out. Cut a magazine page in a circle 2 inches larger in diameter than the base. Brush one side of the cardboard circle with white glue and center and press it facedown onto the magazine circle. Use the craft knife to cut slits 1 inch apart from the edge of the magazine circle to the edge of the cardboard circle. Brush edges of the magazine circle with glue and wrap each 1 inch tab around the edge of the cardboard circle. Brush glue along the outer edge of the circle and attach a row of paper coils around the base. Vary the size of the coils, making sure that each coil�s edges of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.72727
Retrieved Text: A Pretty Hat Hairclip For Little Girls – Happiness is Crafting!
Today’s project is a creative fun hair accessory for your little girl. Make a fashion statement for her that is just too cute! This gorgeous little hair-clip is made using just a cap of an empty water bottle! Interesting, right?
Take a cap of small empty bottle. Cut a circle shape on cardboard paper. Diameter of the circle should be slightly larger than the diameter of the bottle cap. Glue the bottle cap at the center of the cardboard circle to make it look like a hat.
Spray the paint on bottle cap – cardboard structure to make it look like a single entity. I have used a brown spray paint. Let it dry completely.
Wrap a satin pink ribbon around the cap and glue both the ends to the cap on back side.
Cut a small piece of pink tulle fabric. Attach it in the front of hat using an adhesive tape. Also glue pink rose flower embellishment to make it look even prettier.
Take an ordinary hair-clip and attach our decorative hat on the top using an adhesive tape.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.697746
Retrieved Text: Cardboard Airplane Learn Like A Mom!
For tail wings, cut two 25 x 15-cm strips of cardboard, rounding one end of each. Make a tab by folding in from the unrounded end and use hot glue to attach one to each side of the tail. Make a tab by folding in from the unrounded end and use hot glue to attach one to each side of the tail.
The Dart is pretty much the same as the Arrow, except the paper is folded along it's width, making a shorter plane with the wings pointed in the rear.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.69169
Retrieved Text: In honor of Jonathan London's newest Froggy book, which was released March 10, 2015, we're sharing 6 froggy birthday party ideas for book lovers. Feel free to share your own frog theme birthday ideas too. Enjoy!
Froggy's Birthday Wish by Jonathan London.
Froggy is celebrating a birthday. He gets lots of wonderful, exciting presents, but he isn't happy. He wants something else. Finally, Froggy's mother shows him her present. Now Froggy is happy!
This book is fun to read in a classroom setting for a birthday celebration. You might like this fun birthday cake craft to go along with the story.
Another fun birthday activity is to make your own Pinata from construction paper and a cardboard tube. Froggy had a moon pinata, but we're making a traditional donkey pinata. This mini pinata is perfect as a party favor or place setting decoration. Just fill with your favorite candy or treats.
How to make a donkey pinata party favor.
You will need: construction paper, scissors, paste, 2 cardboard toilet roll tubes or 1 cardboard paper towel tube, and tape.
Cut 1/2" strips of your favorite colors of construction paper. Use tape to attach to the base of the tube (torso) as seen in figure 1. Wrap until the cardboard tube is covered and tape to attach the end. Next, cut 1/4 of the other cardboard tube. This will be the head (see figure 2). Cut four 1/2" slits, 1/4" apart on one end of the head. This will allow you to connect the head to the end of the other tube. Leave the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.278027
Retrieved Text: I learned an easier way to cut the tulle; Measure a piece of cardboard for how long you are going to be cutting the strips (maybe add an extra inch) and than unwind the tulle from the spools on to the cardboard & secure with rubberbands & cut towards the end on one side, than flip the cardboard & cut towards the end on the opposite side, than you have a nice pile of evenly cut strips!!
I LOVE THEM ALL , IM GOING TO MAKE SOME FOR ALL MY PRINCESS GRANDAUTHERS AND GREATGRANDAUTHERS OF MINE. THEY ARE SO PERFECT FOR THEM TO PLAY AROUND THE HOUSE .. THANK YOU VERY MUCH.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.872143
Retrieved Text: Here are three projects you can try with your kids. They range in difficulty level from easy to moderate.
The first project is a juice box train. You'll need at least three juice boxes, some pipe cleaners, scissors, a paper towel or toilet paper cardboard tube, construction paper in different colors, tape, glue, and crayons or markers to decorate with. Begin by poking a hole in the top and bottom of the juice boxes. Then have your child wrap the juice boxes in construction paper and color them. These are the train cars. Next, thread the pipe cleaner through the juice boxes, and connect them at each end. Cut a small ring off the cardboard tube and attach it like a smoke stack on the engine, or the front juice box. For the final touch, cut out a small triangle and attach it to the front [source: PBS Kids].
You can also make a juice box doll. Gather one juice box for each child, colored construction paper, yarn, wiggle eyes, black marker, glue, tape and scissors. Wrap the box in construction paper. Cut four strips from a separate piece of construction paper to be arms and legs. Fold all four strips like an accordion and use glue them to the juice box. Next, attach the wiggle eyes to the front of the juice box using glue and begin cutting yarn for the hair. Cover the top of the juice box in glue and attach the yarn until your juice box doll has a full head of hair. Finally,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.638874
Retrieved Text: OMG it’s already the end of January! Apparently, 2013 started off super busy for me. But hopefully it’s been a good month for you.
Originally, I wanted to try a papier mâché pinata using the instructions from Refinery 29. However, I only had regular balloons rather than a punching balloon. A bit hesitant about how it would do whacking-wise, I went the route of using a cardboard base per Oh Happy Day‘s instructions.
Start with cutting out two pieces of cardboard and lay them on top of each other. Using a stencil or by freehand, trace and cut out your desired shape (I printed out a Texas map as a rough stencil). Cut out strips of 3″ cardboard to line in between the two shapes. Run a cord through the top to use when hanging and reinforce it with masking tape. Tape the cardboard pieces together and add in candy before you seal the last piece. And there you have your piñata base!
Cut out 3″ inch strips of tissue paper. Accordion-fold the strips into a square, then cut out a half circle to make a scalloped edge or fringe cut it—whatever you’re feeling. Unfold the strip and fold down the top flat edge. Add glue to the folded line. Starting from the bottom of the piñata, wrap each strip of tissue paper around the piñata. Add more strips on top, creating layers until you’ve covered the entire piñata. You can also alternate colors as you add layers.
This entry was posted in Crafts, Decorations and tagged DIY Pinata. Bookmark

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.495296
Retrieved Text: Make some sweet heart necklaces with your little Valentines to celebrate this love-filled day. Kids will adore decorating their own yarn tassel necklaces in this fun recycled art project using cardboard!
1. Paint your cardboard in sunset colors (pinks, reds, peaches, violet).
2. Trace a heart shape onto your cardboard in pencil.
3. Cut out your heart shape with very sharp scissors or a box cutter.
4. Add details to your hearts with chalk or paint markers (dots, dashes, flowers).
5. Create your tassel (see below for a step by step).
6. Attach your tassel and necklace to your heart pendant with hot glue or by hole punching your cardboard and knotting your yarn necklace through the hole.
1. Gather your yarn or embroidery thread. 2. Cut a small rectangular piece of cardboard (the longer your cardboard, the longer your tassel). 3. Cut a piece of your thread and tape it to the top of your cardboard (you can use contrasting color here if you like the look). 4. Start wrapping your string around your cardboard about 20 times. 5. When you reach your final wrap you will cut your thread and tie your ends together. 6. Cut the wrapped string along the bottom and take it off the cardboard. 7. Cut an 8 inch piece of string to wrap around the top of your tassel (creating a small bell shape). You will wrap this around about 6 times, finishing it off with a double knot. 8. Trim the bottom of your fringe.
Check out our unicorn necklaces using same method for a fun

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.37928
Retrieved Text: Dear Friends, Its me Vincent John.
A "Ring Clock" made of Cardboard Paper might sound strange. May be it's better to buy a classic analogue clock than to spend hours in doing something like this. But I am sure, that won't satisfy many of us. So I have decided to make something that looks strange.
Rotating numerals instead of rotating hands might be a good hack, but I need to add something in additional to that. Finally, I have decided to make three rings on which Hours, Minutes and Seconds are written separately and also to add some lights for the nights. To read the time, the clock is also provided with a pointer at the top.
It isn't necessary to follow the measurements in this tutorial. But just follow the idea and some important points mentioned throughout the project. When you are reading a step, check the respective image also. Because, A picture is worth a thousand words.
Please watch the video to see how this clock works (Working of the clock is shown in first 20 seconds of the video).
And If we spend too much time talking about a thing, we will never get it done. So lets make it.
Each of them should have a different diameter as shown in the image. And if possible, an approximate equal difference in their diameter while comparing with the nearest bigger one. Here you can see the diameters are 14.6 cm (-3) 11.6 cm (-3.2) 8.4 cm (-3.2) 5.2 cm.
A better option: PVC Pipes of different diameters.
First of all, We shall

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.26918
Retrieved Text: On Halloween night, when the ghouls and witches all take to the streets in search of candy, you want to give them a good show. Instead of just putting out the typical jack-o'-lanterns on your doorstep and handing out candy, lure the trick-or-treaters to your doorstep with a haunted tunnel. Using supplies found mainly around the home, you can make a simple but effective Halloween tunnel that will frighten all who go through it.
Insert several wooden stakes, at least 10 in all and approximately 6 feet tall, on either side of your walkway. Make sure all the stakes are secure in the ground.
Staple sides of cardboard to the stakes so that you have two walls made of cardboard on either side of the walkway. If you prefer, you can use black poster boards instead.
Attach at least five wooden stakes or long pieces of PVC pipes to the cardboard walls to connect them to each other. Place more cardboard sides on top of the stakes or pipes.
Cut some garbage bags in half so you have two flat pieces of black plastic for every bag. Cover the cardboard walls and ceiling with the plastic using a staple gun.
Cover the entrance and the exit by attaching strips of black plastic to the ceiling so they hang down, blocking the tunnel.
Hang black streamers from the ceiling in the tunnel at random spots to give your guests a fright when they walk through them.
Cover the inside walls of the tunnel with cobwebs and plastic spiders. Paint bloody hands on the walls

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.23018
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for a wreath that’s a bit different this year but not wanting to shell out tens of pounds just for something to hang on your door? If that’s the case why not make your own?!
If you’ve got some time on your hands, perhaps on an evening in front of the TV it’s time to start pom pom making! Now, depending on the look you’re after, chances are you’re going to need a lot so why not make it a family task? Set the kids away winding their wool around a simple cardboard ring and you’ll have your wreath made in no time.
Here’s some directions for creating the perfect pom pom door display.
First of all you’ll need to get started on the all important pom poms! We recommend making them in a range of sizes and colours to make sure your wreath doesn’t look too uniform.
1. Draw two circles on cardboard, slightly larger than what you would like your pom-pom to be. In each of the circles draw a small circle in the middle. Proceed to cut them out-they should look lie donuts.
2. Place the two cardboard circles on top of each other and use a slip knot to attach your wool to the circles. This will also double up your wool so that you can wrap a little faster.
3. Wrap the wool around the cardboard circle pulling the wool through the centre. Continue until you have covered the entire circle 1.5 times to ensure your pom pom is full.
4. To cut the wool

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.169926
Retrieved Text: Ceramic tiles make excellent flooring and countertop options, but handmade ceramic tiles can also make wonderful decorations or works of art, suitable for framing. A hand-painted or glazed ceramic tile is essentially a painting on ceramic, and it deserves to be displayed as such. Fortunately, you don’t have to spend a lot of money to frame your ceramic tile artworks. With the right materials and preparation—and a little care—you can easily frame your ceramic tiles at home.
Cut a piece of thin plywood or luan to make the backing of the frame. Wear safety glasses while operating the miter saw. Add half the width of the quarter-round to the dimensions of the ceramic tile to determine the dimensions for the plywood backing.
Cut a length of hanging wire to span the width of the frame. Screw two shallow wood screws into the back of the plywood backing, but do not screw them in all the way. Each screw should be a third of the distance from the top of the frame, and an inch from the side edge of the frame. Twist the hanging wire around each screw several times, and tighten the screw to secure the wire. The hanging wire should not be taut, but it should not be so loose that it appears above the top of the frame when tensioned.
Cut four strips of quarter-round to fit the front edges of the frame. Cut each piece of quarter-round at a 45-degree angle so that the pieces will fit snugly together at the corners. Cut the quarter-round

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.1573
Retrieved Text: Donna and her husband have been collecting and selling vintage items online for over 10 years.
Trading and selling vintage comic books can be a fun hobby and a lucrative business, but these items need special care when shipping to preserve their valuable condition. These step-by-step instructions show you how to properly package comic books for shipping. This tutorial can be used for any periodicals or flat paper goods.
This process may seem time consuming and involves purchasing a number of materials. Therefore, the cost of your time and these supplies should be figured into your fee if you are charging for shipping.
These steps may also seem overly involved, but if buyers are paying a good price for these comics, you'll want ensure that they arrive in good condition. Proper packaging will help guarantee happy customers and positive feedback!
Acid free bags and backing boards - These bags and backing boards are sold together and available online and at comic book stores. They come in 4 sizes: Golden Age (for comics published between 1938 to 1950), Silver Age (for comics from 1956 to 1970), Bronze Age (for comics published between 1970 to 1985), and Copper or Modern Age (from 1985 to present). Be sure to buy the right size bags for your comics.
Large pieces of stiff, corrugated cardboard for inner box - Sheets of cardboard are available at most craft stores or you can recycle cardboard from your home or office.
Smaller, thinner cardboard for building inner box - This is the kind of cardboard that cereal, cookie, or cracker

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.019527
Retrieved Text: This graphic shows the step by step instructions for making love bugs... but keep reading for all the information you need to make these cute critters for someone you love.
1) Cut a piece of cardboard (3-4 inches high) from an old cereal box.
2) Cut a long piece of yarn and lay it across the top of the cardboard.
3) Wrap yarn (approximately 60-80 times... depending on the thickness of the yarn) around the cardboard.
4) When you have finished wrapping, tie the long piece of yarn tightly around the top of the wrapped yarn and cut the bottom.
5) Use a pencil to poke two holes in a piece of an egg carton, and thread a pipe cleaner through the holes.
6) Spread out the yarn, place it on top on the egg carton, and twist the pipe cleaner to secure the yarn in place.
7) Twist the pipe cleaner to form two hearts.
8) Use hot glue to attach googly eyes.
You could also make up little "make your own LOVE BUG" kits. Just put all the supplies in a bag, and attach the instructions below. Wouldn't this make an adorable Valentine?
To print the instructions: click on the photo below, save it to your computer, and print it like a regular 4x6 photo.
I made a bunch of them in an evening for my son to share with his class. He's soooo excited to take them to school to share with his friends.
Try playing with different colours and thicknesses of yarn. You can also add beads, pom poms, or cardboard hearts to the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.00721
Retrieved Text: A giant fish to swallow Jonah.
The tent where Joshua was stationed when the the Gibeonites came to him to ask for help against the five Amorite kings that attacked them. (The battle when God rains hail down and the sun stands still.) You can see more pictures here of how we set up the area.
And most recently, it became the empty tomb for Easter.
Binder clips to hold the cloths in place.
I cover the tent with round, black tablecloths I purchased at Sam's years ago. You can use any black cloth though. I use binder clips in some spots to hold things in place.
a black cloth, or even boxes. You just need a low height.
I had some scenery paper left over, so I used it to cover a large round piece of cardboard to make the stone to go in front of the opening. You could spray paint a piece of cardboard. This is just a piece from an appliance box.
and use velcro command strips to attach him to the cross.
That way we can take him down, wrap him up and put him in the tomb.
Velcro command strips on the cross to hold "Jesus" in place.
Note velcro command strip. We fold "Jesus'" arms in after we take him down.
Finally, we wrap "Jesus" up in long strips of cloth and place him in the tomb.
Then we roll the stone in front of the tomb and go to a classroom until it is very early in the morning on the first day of the week. We pretend we are

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.98449
Retrieved Text: Ok, so I had a lot of clutter and decided to make something useful.
I looked up organizers online, and found that a lot of pinboards, jewelry organizers, and fabric artwork are framed. Using that idea for inspiration, I decided to make a jewelry organizer.
After making this, I realized you could easily make a similar craft without crocheting or knitting. So I've included instructions for those that aren't yarn-oriented.
If you haven't already, cut your cardboard to fit comfortably inside of your picture frame.
THIS IS DEFINITELY THE HARDEST STEP!
Using hot glue, spray adhesive, or craft glue, attach the fabric to the cardboard, making sure the pretty side of the fabric lays smoothly over the cardboard to avoid bubbling, pleating, or messiness of any kind..
You will want to secure the edges of the fabric on the backside of the cardboard. Again, try to make is as smooth and neat as possible. Multiple layers of fabric will make the cardboard piece too large to fit in the picture frame.
Step 3: To Stop or Not to Stop?
Crafters, you now have a choice. Those that seek framed fabric artwork or the simplest of pinboards, you can stop here. Insert that fabric-covered cardboard into your picture frame and enjoy!
However, if you want more ornamentation, netting for hanging jewelry, or other additions, let's move on to the next step!
Step 4: OPTIONAL: Ribbons and Buttons and Sewing, Oh My!
In the picture below, I used two different types of ribbon and simple white buttons to create a crisscross effect over my fabric and cardboard base.
Find a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.754353
Retrieved Text: You don't need a lot of money to make this sweet seaworthy costume. It took just a few cardboard boxes, some glue and paint. Design by Jess Abbott.
Looking for a fun, alternative way to make your Halloween costume? Try cardboard. By recycling this fabulous material, you can make a variety of awesome budget-friendly Halloween costumes like this one-man canoe.
Cut one piece of cardboard into a long rectangle shape. Draw a curved edge on the bottom of both sides. Cut out the shapes using either a box cutter or scissors. Repeat for second piece of cardboard.
Place two pieces of cardboard on top of each other and hot glue the side curved edges. DO NOT GLUE the bottom of the boat/cardboard shut. You'll need an opening for the legs.
Cut two identical trapezoid shapes for the boat's benches. Hot glue the trapezoids at the sides into the top of the canoe, pushing the canoe open. Hold the pieces in place for a few minutes to allow the hot glue to dry.
To make the oar, cut two half oval shapes. They can be attached on one side. Slip the cardboard tube into the center of one of the half ovals and apply hot glue around the top edge. Place the other half oval on top and press firm allowing the glue to dry for a few minutes. Repeat for other side of oar.
Almost finished...You now have an adorable cardboard canoe and oar!
Spray paint the entire canoe and oar in a well-ventilated area (outside). Allow to dry fully. Use white paint

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.635265
Retrieved Text: Make your own agility dog tire jump!
Like most agility equipment, it's not that difficult, takes only a few hours to make, and can cost you surprisingly little.
The materials I used to make the one shown at left included cardboard, foam scraps, and an old plastic tablecloth. I added colored tape for decoration.
The frame was made out of PVC pipe, while bungee cords hold up the tire jump.
The inside diameter of the tire is the most important thing to determine. No sense in making a agility dog tire jump too small for your dog to fit through! Despite the laughs it could provide, it could scare him or her from ever wanting to try it again.
Common competition sizes appear to be 19, 20 and 24 inches in the United States. Check with event organizers about standards for building agility equipment for competitions your dog may be entering.
The aim is to end up with a circular cardboard frame 2.5" (65 mm) wide. The foam and tape to cover the cardboard will be a little wider than the cardboard, as shown at right, so you want to add a little extra distance to the inside as described below.
Unless you have a large enough box, you may need to do the circle in sections. For extra strength, use overlapping sections.
I used a radius of 10" for the frame to end up with a 19" inside diameter for the agility dog tire jump. (See The Math below).
Take the cardboard box and tie the string firmly onto your pencil.
Place your finger on

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.499275
Retrieved Text: Grab attention by making your school project posters really stand out with Crayola Color Switchers, Crayola Poster Markers, and these poster design tips!
When a school project or science fair competition calls for a poster to show off your hard work, you want it to stand out. Here are some ideas to help you turn a blank poster board into a real attention grabber! Experiment with these techniques on drawing paper before designing your poster.
Layout: Plan how you will display project information on your poster. Figure out how many sections you need on your poster to display written data, diagrams, maps, and photos. Cut a piece of Crayola Construction Paper for each section. Arrange and rearrange the pieces of paper, trimming them as needed, to find a pleasing arrangement. Design information to fit on the construction paper pieces and attach with a Crayola Washable Glue Stick.
Borders: Create a border with Crayola Color Switchers. Using the color side, create parallel stripes of two colors along all four sides of the poster board. Flip the Marker and apply the special color switcher to draw close perpendicular lines or zig-zags across the stripes.
3-D Labels: Cut strips of construction paper to label each area of your poster. Use Crayola Poster Markers to write labels on colored paper. Attach each label to a small piece of thick cardboard to make it stand out from the poster surface. Use Crayola School Glue to attach labels to your poster.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.49083
Retrieved Text: Google Cardboard makes your smartphone into full-blown virtual reality glasses. Since 2014, different versions have developed on the market made from cardboard. However, the principle is always the same. The smartphone acts as a display and sensor, the lenses expand the field of view, and the cardboard ensures cohesion, comfort and light sealing. We have detailed Google Cardboard and how it works on our FAQ site. However, there are big differences between the various glasses, and in many respects the devil is in the details. You can find out here what the similarities and differences are between POP! CARDBOARD and Google Cardboard versions 1 and 2.
Basically all Google Android and Apple iOS smartphones that use a gyroscope are compatible with POP! CARDBOARD. Thus all smartphones that have been made after 2013 should be compatible with Google Cardboard. You can find this out by downloading the Google Cardboard App. However, it is also important that your smartphone fits into the Cardboard. Unfortunately this is not the case with all Google Cardboards.
The POP! CARDBOARD houses all smartphones up to a width of 83 mm. This way even smartphones with a 6-inch display like the Huawei Mate 8 fit inside. And of course smaller smartphones are also suitable for the POP! CARDBOARD. The POP! CARDBOARD has two foam rubber strips that either brace larger smartphones or completely prevent smaller smartphones from sliding out. The best Cardboard serves no useful purpose if the smartphone doesn't work.
The POP! CARDBOARD comes completely assembled, flat-packed in its own case. Assembly, if you can

================



======= Instance Index 1231 =========
Input Text: Sentence: What do you need to make homemade "Blackhead Pore Strips"?

Choice 1: You will need: 1) water 2) unflavored gelatin 3)  activated charcoal 4) wash cloth 5) paint brush 6) microwave and 7) something to stir with

Choice 2: You will need: 1) water 2) unflavored gelatin 3)  granulated sugar 4) wash cloth 5) paint brush 6) microwave and 7) something to stir with

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.449127
Retrieved Text: These blackhead nose strips are face of any pore strip takes nicely to tea tree oil, but not so much best pore strips blackhead extraction tea tree oil can be blackhead clearing cleansing regimen. These have as an extra benefit that they absorb some of the skin oil as with their Deep Cleansing Pore. Biore is the go-to name Others might find it interesting. Not all pore strips are tools General information. The thing is - not when it comes to pore.
Reply December 8, at 8: the pore strips will stay of the skin oil as. Not to mention it does nice, we have listed some onto blackheads and pulling them for you down below: Yea, these pore strips attach to it does a fantastic job second skin, and lock onto pore-embedded blackheads with the grip your pores - translation: Not. Use the pores after emerging when it comes to pore. These have as an extra good idea of what might on your skin. Yea, these pore strips attach to your skin like, well, website in this browser for the next time I comment. These blackhead nose strips are great for those whose skin a second skin, and lock onto pore-embedded blackheads with the grip of death tea tree oil can be.
Yea, these pore strips attach valuable tool in your battle a second skin, and lock grip of death.
A combination of under-pressure and adhesion make sure your pores are left behind as clean as possible.
Biore has also made a steps you can take yourself to make

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.11861
Retrieved Text: What is the best blackheads removal strip? Explore more on good and bad brands of pore strip on your nose, how to use and what to know before and after use.
Blackhead removal strip is Pore strips that work like a band-aid, as each strip is coated with a strong adhesive. The bonding ingredients or adhesive works like a magnet by instantly locking onto the skin, Set one on your nose or fore head , wait a few minutes, and rip it away to magically reveal all the little blackheads you didn’t even know you had.
While it’s true that you are successfully removing pieces of blackhead junk from your nose, the strips do nothing harm to your skin, it actually treat and reduce blackheads from recurring and removing deep-down dirt that can cause blackheads so you get the deepest clean.
Blackhead removal Strip is intended for combating impurities or other unsightly blackheads on nose, for quickly and effectively. Their action purifies the pores and helps the skin become clean and healthy again.
This is an effective, anti-blackhead nose strip that deeply cleanses skin and unclogs pores, removing blackheads, impurities, and excess oil.
These blackhead removal strips are enriched with charcoal extract, which is known for its incredible powers of absorption and cleaning. Its porous surface draws out impurities and pollutants like a magnet, making it a veritable detox star.
Charcoal’s incredible powers of absorption (up to 200 times its own weight) and purifying, deep cleansing, and anti-pollutant properties make these wipes effective at removing blackheads and unclogging pores. In as little

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.94276
Retrieved Text: It is better to melt the blackheads with oil, this product does that. When I massaged it on my skin I could feel and see tiny blackheads coming out.
But it can only melt out the tiny ones, others still remain. It works better sometimes, you need to make your pores open first before you use this.
I'm not sure if I will buy it again.
i recently re-discovered this (and I'll probably get a new one soon). It works really well. You need to massage it into your face for a while but then the blackheads just come out onto your hands as you're massaging it in. It's a much better alternative to nose strips or any other kind of harsh method.
Like every other blackhead removal product, it's more of a temporary fix. I've been using this for a while and I had previously used the mint blackhead out balm that Innisfree released a long time ago (which was also pretty effective). The balm is really easy to use and, as you're massaging it into your skin, you can actually feel the balm removing dead skin cells and blackheads. In all honesty though, I do believe the mint balm was a lot more effective than this one.
I usually use this before I have a shower and then wash it out with the volcanic pore cleansing foam. I also use the volcanic pore toner, and recently Cosrx's blackhead power liquid and summer pore minishing serum.
It might also help to leave it on for 5-10 minutes, massage, and then wash

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.927456
Retrieved Text: Blackheads are black or yellowish bumps on the surface of the skin that occur from an overproduction of oil in the sebaceous glands. Dirt does not cause the blackened appearance, but oxidation of the oil that is clogging the pore. As long as no infection is present, you can remove the blackheads on your own. If you are unsuccessful, you can speak to a dermatologist about further treatment options.
Wash your hands. Remove any makeup that you are wearing prior to removing the blackheads.
Steam your face to prepare the skin for blackhead extraction. You can either take a hot shower or place your face over a bowl of hot water. Keep your face over the steaming water for five minutes. A towel should be placed over your head to better trap the steam.
Choose a blackhead extraction product to remove the blemishes. Over-the-counter pore strips can help get rid of the blackheads without irritating the skin. Some brand examples are Biore Deep Cleaning Pore Strips and Pond's Clear Solutions Clear Pore Strips.
Place the adhesive pore strip on the blackhead area. Leave on for five to 10 minutes before pulling away from the skin. You should notice the blackheads upon the surface of the strips.
Cleanse the face with an exfoliating scrub. To remove any dead skin cells and oil, clean the skin after blackhead extraction. Use a scrub with acne-fighting salicylic acid as one of the ingredients. An example you can try is Clean & Clear Blackhead Clearing Scrub. Use daily until the skin is blemish free.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.254887
Retrieved Text: Everyone eventually gets an unsightly blemish called a blackhead and everyone, man, woman, teenager all desire to be rid of it as fast as possible. Blackheads fortunately do not have to be part of everyday life. They can be eliminated.
Blackheads differ from the average pimple in both appearance and cause. Blackheads are just that - a black -topped head of a pore and its cause is a pore that has been blocked from dirt. The average pimple usually a puffy, raised area of skin that appears red and the cause of this is due to a pore that has an infection. Blackheads are much easier to treat than pimples are. Here are just three suggestions on how to remove blackheads listed below.
1.) Get a facial done at a salon. Professional salons may have a person trained on skin conditions and treatments that can extract the blackheads safely and efficiently. This person is known as an aesthetician and serves to give people facials, manicures, pedicures and other beauty treatments. Blackheads are smaller than pimples and therefore much harder to see for proper removal.
The aesthetician, to remove your blackheads, will most likely use a bright light on your face to enhance the appearance of the blackheads and also a high-magnification mirror to see the blackheads better. These tools illuminate even the smallest of blackhead blemishes. The visible blackheads will undergo squeezing to remove the dirt or complete removal of the pore with either fingers or better, an extraction tool.
You can perform this at home on yourself, but will

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.114494
Retrieved Text: A blackhead, which is also known as an open comedo, is a small yellowish or black bump that is present on the skin. Blackheads are classified as being a type of acne vulgaris. These are seen due to accumulation of excess oil that is secreted by the sebaceous glands. It is most commonly seen in the region of the nose and the part of the cheeks just around the nose. People are always on the lookout for ways of removing blackheads. One simple way is to use pore strips. These are small white strips that are roughly rectangular in shape and help in getting rid of blackheads. Given below are details regarding the use of these strips to eliminate the problem of blackheads.
Blackhead strips are especially designed to get rid of excess of oil and sebum on the skin while also getting rid of the small black bumps present. These can be used on the nose, forehead, chin and in some parts of the skin. In these strips, there is a coating of glue on one side. This glue is the main component that binds to the dirt and sebum on the skin. Once the pore strip dries out, it is pulled off, thus, peeling the blackheads and oil with it.
How to Use Pore Strips for Blackheads?
First and foremost, clean your nose. It needs to be clean because any kind of contamination will interfere with proper adhesion of the strip to the nose. It is best if you try to open your pores or soften your

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.90934
Retrieved Text: best blackhead remover peel off mask shills deep cleansing black mask blackhead facial mask peel off purifying blackhead remover peel off facial cleaning black face mask shills peel off.
best blackhead remover peel off mask charcoal blackhead mask best charcoal peel off blackhead removal face mask free pore.
best blackhead remover peel off mask art naturals peel off face mask best black head remover minimizes pores redness.
best blackhead remover peel off mask new hot selling blackhead removal mask remove pore deeply best quality in.
best blackhead remover peel off mask blackhead removal mask best peel off mask with extractor.
best blackhead remover peel off mask blackhead remover cleaner.
best blackhead remover peel off mask shills black mask blackhead remover deep care cleansing peel off black mud mask purifying peel acne black heads remover pore facial mask facial mask for.
best blackhead remover peel off mask black purifying peel off face remover online shopping in.
best blackhead remover peel off mask blackhead remover mask beauty purifying quality black peel off charcoal mask best.
best blackhead remover peel off mask best blackhead remover peel off mask for blackheads.
best blackhead remover peel off mask best bamboo charcoal blackhead remover peel off suction face mask for deep cleaning.
best blackhead remover peel off mask best skin care new black mud deep cleansing blackhead remover purifying peel face mask for.
best blackhead remover peel off mask face care best skin care new black mud deep cleaning blackhead remover purifying peel face mask.
best blackhead remover peel off mask blackhead remover mask purifying quality black peel off charcoal mask best.
best blackhead remover peel

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.58115
Retrieved Text: The little dots that speckle your nose might drive you wild but if you think scrubbing them viciously will get rid of them, think again. Eliminating blackheads requires the right products and a little know how. Here, your 101 primer on everything you need to know to get rid of blackheads for once and for all. “Blackheads are the colloquial term for what dermatologists call open comedones,” says O3+ Global Skin Expert Priti Singh. Translation? Basically the pore gets clogged with bacteria and skin debris, like dead cells. Unlike whiteheads (a.k.a. a pimple and a closed comodone), this opening allows the bacteria to be exposed to oxygen. “This process causes oxidation and turns all that gunk black – hence, the term blackhead,” says Priti.
Oily complexions are more likely to get blackheads but even normal skin can get spotty since the t-zone tends to produce more oil than other areas. First, make sure to cleanse both night and day. Rather than reaching for aggressive scrubs that contain nut shells or manually pressing hard, use a cleanser that contains chemical exfoliants like salicylic acid. “All of these ingredients are keratolytics which will help dissolve the plug and clear it more easily,” says Priti. Exfoliating your complexion regularly is key to preventing blackheads since it prevents buildup. While pore size is genetic, you can make them appear smaller by keeping them clear.After cleansing, apply a toner that helps unclog pores with salicylic acid and glycolic acid.
After applying serum,opt for an oil-free lotion to hydrate skin. Twice a week, you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.265125
Retrieved Text: Rated 5 out of 5 by luckycharm from Excellent pore cleanser I love this product, it cleans my clogged up pores or blackheads on my nose and actually makes the pores appear smaller. I used it on my mother once and she had never used anything like this, all she ever used was a bit of cream on her face and lipstick, so she had big pores on her nose and blackheads. Well, worked very well, i told her it was like little trees on it once you removed it, but on hers it was like a giant forest. We had a good laugh over that, and of course she was amazed and loved it also. Definitely would recommend to all. Does the work and doesn't harm your skin. I'm totally into cleansing your skin first and then moisturizing.
Rated 4 out of 5 by ielts from You will see the result instantly! I only use this product when I have a party or go to see someone who is very important cuz it can take away the blackhead instantly. However, the status of no blackheads is just kept in a very short time. The blackhead comes out in 2 or 3 days, then I have to use the pore strips again. If I want to keep the blackheads away, I have to keep using this products. How can I say? The manufacturers are smart, right? Since I have to use it frequently, so I think manufacturer should send me coupons cuz it is the price is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.413845
Retrieved Text: Blackheads, or open comedones, occur when excess oil, dirt and dead skin cells mix together and form a plug in a pore. The black color comes from contact of the oil with oxygen in the environment. Blackheads may become inflamed and infected without treatment, which can lead to more severe acne and potential scarring. Minor cases of blackheads respond to proper skin care techniques and over-the-counter acne treatments.
Harsh facial cleansers and excessive exfoliation irritate the skin and can worsen acne, according to the Mayo Clinic. Instead, wash twice each day using a mild soap and warm water. Exfoliate a few times each week with a fine-grained product to get rid of dead skin cells and prevent pores from clogging.
It may be difficult to resist the temptation to squeeze a blackhead out of your skin, but picking at or squeezing them is rarely effective at removing the blackhead, and it may increase redness and inflammation. The Mayo Clinic states that picking at acne can also lead to infection or permanent scarring.
Pore strips for blackhead removal are available in most pharmacies and retail stores. These products are typically strips of adhesive paper that claim to pull blackheads from the skin. While these products may work on blackheads that are very near the skin's surface, they are not very effective for deeper blackheads. Moreover, the adhesive in these strips may cause skin irritation and increase inflammation, and the strips do not address the underlying reasons for the development of blackheads.
Over-the-counter (OTC) medications, such as those containing benzoyl peroxide, salicylic

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.124794
Retrieved Text: Having shared some beauty tips for teenage girls in my previous article, today we’re discussing another common skin related issue constantly pestering all teenagers be it girls or boys which is Blackheads. Contrary to popular belief, blackheads are not caused by dirt but occur when your pores get clogged with excess sebum and dead skin cells. But there is absolutely no need to spend on expensive blackhead removal treatments when there is so much you can do from your very own kitchen. So Zuri’s got you top 5 DIY remedies to get rid of those unsightly blackheads.
1. Lemon juice: As we all know by now that blackheads are a result of open, clogged pores reacting with oxygen which turn them black. So it would be great if something could shrink those pores down. Lemon is a natural astringent that helps us do just that. So squeeze the juice of a lemon in a bowl, and apply it to the affected areas with a cotton ball to a washed, clean face. Leave it overnight and wash your face with lukewarm water the next morning. Dilute the lemon juice with water in case you have a sensitive skin.
2. Baking soda scrub: Baking soda is also effective in treating blackheads. It helps get rid of all the dirt, grime from deep within the pores. So make a thick paste of baking soda and mineral water and massage the affected areas gently with this paste for a few minutes. Let it dry and then rinse it off with lukewarm water.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.597782
Retrieved Text: Firstly, we should dispel common misconceptions about blackheads: They aren’t a sign for dirty skin, nor can they be scrubbed away. A blackhead is, in fact, a hair follicle clogged with skin debris (keratin), bacteria and oil. Your skin produces sebum which lubricates the hair and skin and it usually drains away. However, sometimes the sebum can become blocked and as a consequence, bacteria begins to accumulate. Sebum contains melanin, the substance which gives your skin colour. Melanin turns dark when exposed to the air, hence the blackheads colour! For this reason, blackheads are usually, but not always, found in people with oily skin.
Be wary of washing your face with harsh cleansers; that’s why it’s best to stick to natural products, not abrasive high street brands! Harsh cleansers can make your skin overreact and produce more oil, which means MORE BLACKHEADS. Steer clear of all skin products with harsh chemicals; they remove too much natural oil from the skin and can give you blackheads, even though they purport to take them away! Here at Oleo we’d recommend our‘Gentle Facial Wash’.
Lemon Essential Oil – Its antiseptic and astringent properties make it perfect for caring for oily skin prone to blackheads.
Geranium Essential Oil– has a balancing effect on sebum secretion, making it suitable for both oily and dry skin. It’s antiseptic and anti-inflammatory properties make it great for the treatment of acne, but also blackheads!
Steaming your face once a week can do you wonders by detoxifying your skin, therefore keeping it clear and blackhead free. We recommend using

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.498745
Retrieved Text: Say hello to the new tool in the war against unsightly blackheads on your nose, Boscia’s Pore Purifying Black Strips. With all of the clarifying power of Boscia’s Luminizing Black Mask, these easy to use strips kick blackheads and pore clogging residue to the curb with a blend of Charcoal Powder to detox, Silica to control oil, Witch Hazel Extract to tighten pores, Jojoba Leaf to nourish, and Willowherb to reduce redness and irritation. Gone are those boring, ineffective strips you became so familiar with in the 90’s. Yes, those strips.
Since we had so much fun with the mask, let’s give the strips the same step-by-step treatment. Individual routines may vary, but the end result is sure to be the same.
Step 1: Open the box, pull out a strip, marvel over how silly you will probably look while using it.
Step 2: Thoroughly wash your face, leaving your nose good and soggy.
Step3: Dry your hands thoroughly, then peel the strip from its clear backing, and proceed to place the unsightly thing over the problematic, blackhead-prone area of the bridge of your honker.
Step 4: Avoid all mirrors and cameras, because you look pretty darned kooky right about now. Consider sharing these strips with a friend or family member, because looking silly is more fun in numbers.
Step 5: Wait about fifteen minutes for the strip to dry. You know you’re having fun now.
Step 6: Proceed to gently pull off the strip, and marvel at all of the gunk, gook, junk, and other nastiness left on the strip, and not

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.23511
Retrieved Text: An infected blackhead often occurs when you try to pinch, squeeze or pop a blackhead pimple before it's ready. Though tempting, it's not a good idea. Squeezing a blackhead forces bacteria and dirt deep into your pore, lengthening your healing time and often causing infections. If you have a blackhead that seems to be infected, there are several... This is a high quality pure stainless steel blackhead remover which is designed to remove stubborn and deep blackheads effectively. An interesting fact is that is has two rings of different sizes on each side and has a definitive grip to insure best results. The use of this product is economical and the end result is a great looking acne free face for you.
"A blackhead is a wax plug that gets lodged into a pore that's made up of oil, dead skin cells, and bacteria," says Dr. Draelos. That very blockage in the pore prevents the gland from secreting how to download videos from youtube to my computer wikihow For those of us with blackheads (so pretty much everyone), it can be tricky to find an effective way to clean them out without stripping your skin of the natural good stuff.
I had a blackhead on my back that would keep coming back even though I cleaned often and managed to remove it over and over. It turned into a pea-size hard mass and wouldn't go away.
9/01/2019�� Popping a Blackhead Safely Shower first. A warm shower will open up your pores and make it easier to pop the blackheads.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.19391
Retrieved Text: Beauty, Travel & Lifestyle - theChency's Diary : [Skincare] Caolion Pore Series | Say YES to Zero Pores!
When you purchase this Pore Deep Toner at Sephora, you will get 300ml actual size of toner plus 60ml deluxe size and a spray. This Pore Deep Toner is helps to remove impurities and strengthen skin hydration. It is also to enhances pore elasticity ti tighten pores, adjust Ph5.5 skin balance, soothing and calming the skin. This toner can be use as toner and mist. I like to use this as a mist more than toner to keep hydrate my skin all day. So far I am enjoying this toner and it doesn't cause any irritation or sensitive to my skin.
Pour some onto cotton > Wipe > Viola!
This product comes with two options, Charcoal and Green Tea. Both cleansing sticks comes with exfoliating effect, Charcoal is natural charcoal scrub while Green Tea is natural green tea. This CAOLION Cleansing Sticks meant for 3 step cleansing: balm > oil > foam for removing heavy lip & eye, and base makeup.
This is my favorite makeup remover. If you love oil-based makeup cleanser then you will into this like I do as well. Firstly, because this packaging is so convenient and travel friendly. I don't facing any spill or mess. The size is like a jumbo glue stick so easily fit into makeup pouch. Second, this cleansing stick removes EVERY SINGLE MAKEUP on my face even waterproof mascara and liquid lipstick. To be honest, I don't usually use this on my eyes

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.93852
Retrieved Text: Whilst I was in Boots I picked up the Biore – ultra deep cleansing pore strips. These are applied onto the face directly on slightly damp skin (after washing) and left to “set” for 10-15 minutes.
I applied the strip to my face following instructions and left it for 15 minutes before peeling it off. The results were instant blackhead/blocked pore removal and it was clear (by looking at the strip) that my skin wasn’t as clear as I thought it was! Don’t worry I won’t attach a picture of the strip!
Have a lovely picture of my face with the pore strip on.
I will definetly use the rest of the strips in the pack (it came with 6) and will be on the hunt for even more skincare products to try out!
Where is this notepad from its lovely!! Check out my giveaway on my blog if yous like!!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.740196
Retrieved Text: T-Zone Charcoal & Bamboo Black Cleansing Wipes effectively cleanse the skin, remove makeup residue instantly and absorb excess oil.FeaturesThey have been specially formulated to: Ultra-purify and refresh the skin, Absorb exces..
product detailsT-Zone Tea Tree & Witch Hazel Nose Pore Strips are enriched with naturally purifying Tea Tree to help keep skin clear, while Witch Hazel soothes and tightens pores.T-Zone Tea Tree & Witch Hazel Nose Pore Str..
Product descriptionT-Zone Blackhead Fighting Facial Scrub contains ground coconut shell to gently remove dead skin cells, leaving the skin soft, smooth and clear. Normally exfoliating once or twice a week is enough - if you over e..
product detailsT-Zone Charcoal & Bamboo Nose Pore Strips are enriched with Activated Charcoal, Bamboo Extract and Grapefruit to unclog pores and draw out impurities and excess oil.FeaturesThey have been specially formulated to..
product descriptionT-Zone Deep Pore Cleansing Cream Wash 150ml is formulated to prevent and fight spots and blackheads, whilst deep cleansing and unclogging pores. T-Zone Cream Wash is an effective daily wash that is naturally ant..
T-Zone Charcoal & Bamboo No-Shine Papers help to blot excess oil, leaving shine-free and healthy-looking skin.FeaturesThey have been specially designed to: Instantly remove excess oil, Control Shine, Not disturb make upBenefit..
product detailsT-Zone Rapid Action Spot Zapping Gel is a new product by T-Zone designed to quickly and gently reduce the size and redness of spots when they appear. It contains three main active ingredients: naturally anti-bacteri..
product detailsT-Zone Revitalising Body Wash 150ml is formulated to thoroughly cleanse skin without over-drying. T-Zone Body Wash contains Tea Tree and refreshing Peppermint to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.506264
Retrieved Text: When skin produces too much oil it mixes with dead skin in the pore, forming a clog that causes it to enlarge. If the oil becomes trapped by dead skin, it oxidizes, forming a blackhead. Fear not: The right products and routine will help minimize these issues and get the smooth, clear complexion you want.
Overscrubbing makes skin dry and flaky, creating more dead skin that can block pores.
Don’t use bar soap or overly emollient skincare products, both can lead to clogged pores.
Never go to bed without washing off your makeup!
Helps tone down oily skin & minimize the appearance of pore size.
Helps unclog pores & shed built up dead skin that could gather in them & risk turning into blackheads.
Helps restore pores that have stretched beyond their normal size.
Noticeably refines pore size and promotes a healthy-looking, shine-free complexion.
Blackheads and enlarged pores are stubborn skin concerns—you may feel as though you've tried everything to get rid of them only to find what you used made matters worse or didn’t help at all. Using the right products consistently can help minimize these issues, but you need to know exactly what works and what doesn't, as well as how enlarged pores and blackheads form in the first.
What Causes Enlarged Pores and Blackheads?
It all begins when your oil glands make too much oil. This excess oil mixes with other substances (such as dead skin) in the pore, causing a clog. Not surprisingly, this clog makes it difficult for the oil to flow freely, which causes the pore itself to enlarge.
Even though

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.45376
Retrieved Text: When you have an overabundance of sebum plugs or blackheads in your face and body, you should consider removal. Learn how to get rid of blackheads for clearer, cleaner-looking skin.
Blackheads are small bumps that have a dark brown or black top. They can be as small as the head of a pin or as large as a mole. Blackheads are usually painless, but larger ones can make your skin sore to the touch. Remove blackheads to restore your smooth, clear skin. Try these suggestions for getting rid of these blemishes.
Pore cleaning strips pull out blackheads located around the nose or forehead. To use pore cleaning strips, wash your face first.
Leave your nose or forehead damp.
Remove the backing from the strip and apply it to your skin.
Press down to smooth out any bumps or bubbles in it.
Let the strip dry for 10 minutes, then gently remove.
Cleanse the area with antiseptic afterwards. Many of your blackheads, if not all, should be gone.
A blackhead extractor removes the offensive blemish by applying pressure to the plug and loosening it from the skin. A professional extractor is made of stainless steel and, with proper care, can last you a lifetime. Treat the area to a good steam before using the extractor. Choose the right size loop for the bump you are treating, and after sterilizing your extractor with rubbing alcohol, use it on the blackhead.
Center the loop of the extractor over the blackhead and press down.
Remove the extracted blackhead with tissue, but be careful not tear or rip your skin, as

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.920612
Retrieved Text: Unless you’ve got the skin of a porcelain doll then you’ll be aware of the odd satisfaction gained from squeezing a blackhead on your nose.
Should you take a perverse pleasure from that act, then we’ve got some bad news for you.
It turns out that there is a strong likelihood that those blackheads are actually pore or sebaceous filaments.
Now, you’ve probably heard of pores but you might not realize what they do for you or what their purpose is.
To put it in brief they are openings on you skin which contain the oil which is vital to your hydration.
This is done through sebaceous filaments which as minute hairs that transport the oil from the surface and into your flesh.
However, over the course of the day they accumulate all sorts of nasty stuff from the outside world, not to mention make-up and pollution.
That is why you have to cleanse otherwise they will build up with dirt and gunk.
If a tan/creamy substance is excreted when a pore is squeezed, it is not a blackhead; it is, in fact, a sebaceous filament.
For the reasons outlined above, these hydration-helpers should be left alone to perform their function.
Chronic squeezing of pores can result in slackened elasticity which can make the pore appear more prominent.
Blackheads can be identified quite easily as they aren’t usually in any pattern or uniform location.
They are mostly found in areas that produce a lot of oil like your nose, back or chin and literally have a firm, black surface.
They form due to lack of cleansing and exfoliating in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.59115
Retrieved Text: Whiteheads - what are whiteheads?
Whiteheads are comedones, like blackheads. Whiteheads are less common, fortunately, because they are more difficult to get rid of. Whiteheads are frequently more painful and almost always infected by bacteria. Whiteheads can be painful and nearly always lead to pimples. Together with blackheads, whiteheads are the most frequent symptom of acne.
Whiteheads are comedones formed by the blockage of a pore. In the case of whiteheads, the pore that is blocked has only a microscopic opening to the surface of the skin. Air cannot reach the blockage, and therefore the darkening which gives a blackhead its characteristic color does not occur.
Blockages are caused either by excessive sebum production or irregularities in sloughing off the dead surface layers of skin.
Whiteheads which are infected by P. acnes turn into full-fledged pimples.
Regular cleansing and exfoliation help to prevent whiteheads. Because they are not open to the surface of the skin like blackheads, whiteheads are not treatable with the wide variety of tools used to get rid of blackheads.
Cleansing - Regular cleansing of the skin helps to remove excess oils that can clog the pores, leading to whiteheads.
Exfoliation - Removal of the dead skin cells that build up on the surface of the skin helps to prevent blockages that lead to whiteheads. Harsh exfoliation can damage the skin, so always be gentle.
Because whiteheads are not open to the surface of the skin, many of the same strategies that help to get rid of blackheads simply don't work for whiteheads.
Never ever pick at or squeeze a whitehead. This

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.525593
Retrieved Text: Blackheads are one of the most annoying and invasive skin problems that everyone gets at one point in their lives. Unfortunately for most of us though, blackheads are a consistent and recurring annoying that just NEVER goes away! You can spend hundreds of dollars on blackhead remedies such as nose strips and scrubs, but do they ever really go away? That’s a hard NO! Fortunately though, there IS a completely natural way to scrub away blackheads for good as long as you’re consistent with it! Today we’ll show you how to use baking soda for blackheads, and once you do, you’ll never go back to use pore strips again!
Baking soda is a natural exfoliant as well as a natural lightener, so when it’s used on the skin, it works hard to remove dirt, pollutants, AND blackheads by gently scrubbing them away. The reason baking soda works better than any store bought scrub is because it’s entirely natural and also contains a bleaching agent which helps to remove blackheads as well as treat acne scars, dark spots, and sun spots too.
In this recipe, baking soda is mixed with honey and salt to become the ultimate blackhead fighting treatment. Honey is a natural anti-septic and is often used in anti-acne treatments, and so it’s only normal that it would fight blackheads too! Salt is added as another layer of exfoliation since blackheads are so incredibly stubborn. Read more below to find out how to use baking soda for blackheads!
In a small bowl, stir all ingredients until they form

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.160007
Retrieved Text: You are looking at the 3-Step Nose Pore Pack, this pack is made in Korea.
It has Step 1, Step 2 and Step 3.
This you just need 15 to 20 minutes.
Empowered with 5 Botanical-Complex from Bilberry, Sugar Cane, Sugar Maple, Orange and Lemon to soften impurities and prepare skin for easy removal of white and blackheads in STEP 2.
The peel off patch contains Kaolin to exfoliate and remove impurities as well as Aloe Vera to moisture and refresh skin.
Effectively refines and soothes pores with Pore-Refiner Complex to achieve a smoother, healthier and refreshed skin.
Step 2 results, do you see the blackheads or whiteheads?
Having a clean and beautiful nose is as easy as 1 -2-3!
Having a clean nose is easy as 1-2-3. guardian 3-Step Nose Pore Pack features three steps to soften and remove white heads, blackheads, excessive sebum and impurities on nose area effectively.
Follow the exact sequences from STEP 1-2-3 in a continuous regime within the recommended duration to deliver the best results!
3-Step Nose Pore Pack retails at RM 9.32, you can find this only at Guardian.
so interested in this pore pack. wish to have it too!!
I got this too! but so far I haven try it. glad to know that it clears ur blackhead. my turn to try now!
Ah, your post has reminded me of my Biore nose pore pack that I bought some time ago and totally forgot about. Now, where did I keep it already??
I hate pore packs.. everytime I pakai nothing keluar pun so weird !!!
i try this before and I love it.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.083637
Retrieved Text: California Charcoal is the skin cleansing face mask treatment that everybody is talking about! With the incredible cleansing power of activated charcoal, and the pore-loving qualities of clay, California Charcoal will draw out every blackhead and unclog every pore, and thanks to the healing benefits of eucalyptus and rosemary, it will also moisturise and hydrate your skin, leaving your face so clean and fresh you won’t believe what California Charcoal has removed after just one peel!
First Time Trying DIY Charcoal Blackhead Remover Peel Off Mask | Does It Work?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.0121
Retrieved Text: Ginvera Marvel Gel – Special Reader Promo!
Have you all heard of Ginvera’s Green Tea Marvel Gel? It’s been on the market for a while now… I first heard about it three years ago when they exhibited at the Vitality Show.
Anyway, what is it? Do you need it?
The product itself is a pale green gel which you gently rub into your skin, focusing on problem areas. For me, I have congestion on my nose…. congestion = stubborn blackheads.
As you rub the gel into your skin, you should start to feel ‘bits’ develop under your fingertips…. bits = flakes of dead skin. It’s at this point you run for the nearest mirror to examine the nasties and hope that what you see will gross you out slightly. Or is that just me?
After about 60 seconds, the gel dries and it’s pretty fruitless to keep massaging the product in, so take a look at what you’ve removed!
Once recovered, go and wash everything off with some tepid water and marvel (gerrit!) at how soft your skin now feels.
Can you see a difference? I’m quite pleased with the results. I think that with continued use I may see some significant differences… though, perhaps not with the super stubborn areas.
If you’re still with me and not too queasy, you can purchase Ginvera Marvel Gel online from HappyBabble, entering the code LIP08 (LIP ZEROEIGHT) into the password box when prompted to receive a special 20% off your purchase.
I first heard about this about 3+ yrs ago on the Handbag.com beauty forum and everybody

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.873535
Retrieved Text: Champagne kisses, Comedone Dreams... - Duration: 5 minutes, 35 seconds.
A Lipoma's Second Act - Duration: 15 minutes.
Happy Easter, Dr Pimple Popper Style! 🥚 - Duration: 16 minutes.
Two Well Rounded Earlobes - Duration: 13 minutes.
Two Pilar Cysts Like Orange Seeds - Duration: 6 minutes, 13 seconds.
Back to Blackheads! - Duration: 3 minutes, 51 seconds.
TLC Upfronts In NYC & Dr Pimple Popper! - Duration: 7 minutes, 43 seconds.
The Lipoma with Two Fingers - Duration: 15 minutes.
Mystery Bump or A Lipoma In Disguise? - Duration: 8 minutes, 42 seconds.
Chipette on the Shoulder - Duration: 13 minutes.
Twin Peaks Pilar Cysts... Plus 1 - Duration: 9 minutes, 35 seconds.
A Lipoma that has Bodyguards - Duration: 10 minutes.
About SLMD Skincare by Sandra Lee MD aka Dr. Pimple Popper - Duration: 87 seconds.
Treat Your Body Acne with Our NEW Portable Spray - Acne Body Spray - Duration: 76 seconds.
Treat Your Body Acne with our NEW Body Wash! - Duration: 42 seconds.
The SLMD Clarifying Treatment - Duration: 76 seconds.
The SLMD Acne Lotion - Duration: 61 seconds.
The SLMD Acne Cleanser - Duration: 51 seconds.
The SLMD Acne Spot Treatment - Duration: 75 seconds.
The SLMD Facial Moisturizer - Duration: 66 seconds.
How To Become a Dermatologist | Dr. Sandra Lee - Duration: 4 minutes, 19 seconds.
All About Acne - with Dr. Sandra Lee - Duration: 9 minutes, 42 seconds.
Why do my hands shake before extracting Cysts and Lipomas? - POP QUIZ | with Dr. Sandra Lee - Duration: 2 minutes, 57 seconds.
HOW TO TREAT DRY HAIR | WITH DR. SANDRA LEE - Duration: 3 minutes, 48 seconds.
Are Tanning

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.466114
Retrieved Text: Everyone wants clear skin, which we all know is no easy. When you get close to the mirror and notice all those nasty whiteheads and blackheads sitting on your pores, you just want them go away in the next second! Want your skin clean and clear in this summer? Choose the most mildest and effective blackhead removal mask.
By using blackhead removal mask, from now on, you don’t need to squeeze the blackhead and whitehead, which will cause wrinkle skins and hurt your skin. Remember to apply some pore contraction water after you use such masks. The theory is to open your pore mildly, so you need to shrink them later.
You can get an extra 10% off, just input the coupon code summer17 when making the payment!
I’m 23 year old male and I’ve had acne ever since my teenage years. My skin is very oily and I have large pores on my nose. I just got this thing yesterday and I feel like I’ve found the Holy Grail of clean skincare tools. This thing sucked so much gunk out of my nose! Then I put in the microdermabrasion head and my skin still feels smooth and it’s he morning after! I’m so excited to see how this is going to clear up my skin.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.24648
Retrieved Text: Best blackhead mask: We have facial masks specifically made for blackhead removal, available in cream, peel off masks, pore masks.
"These pore cleansing mask works great. You will see amazing results right away. Truly the best face mask for blackheads!"

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.2294
Retrieved Text: I think I'm slowly making my way through trying the entire Formula 10.0.6 line! This time I'm reviewing the Three Time Sublime 3 in 1 Blackhead Wash, Scrub, & Mask.
This is a really thick, creamy formula with exfoliants in it. It smells very fruity, but not necessarily like pink grapefruit like it says. It does exfoliate pretty well and leaves your skin feeling smooth and soft.
I have a new found love for their pore strips, as when I first reviewed them I realized I was using too much water with them. After some trial and error, they have ended up working better for me than the Biore ones!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.78314
Retrieved Text: I do not usually have a problem with blackheads, but recently noticed that my pores looked very congested. When I looked in a magnifying mirror, I could see lots of tiny little blackheads trying to start - and it made me sick. SO, I ran out for this mask pack. I had used other Caolion products in the past and didn't like them, but I love self-heating products and knew I wanted something with charcoal, so this is the one I chose - and I am so glad I did! The mask isn't sticky at all when you apply it. It is a very creamy texture. It heats only a little, and then I just left it on my face for some time. When I wiped off the mask, my pores were spotless clear and my skin felt amazing - so soft and so clean. I will definitely keep this on hand for use when my pores need attention and love. This is a great product!
🌟MASK: Caolion 🌋Step1: Blackhead Steam Pore Pack💦🌋✨🌋STEP 1 INFO: 🌋"Hot pore cleansing, opens pores and eliminates impurities and blackheads with natural sparkling water", 🌋charcoal powder, and 🌋volcanic ash🌋.✨STEP 1 RESULTS: 🌋Gritty texture, mild burning sensation when on- definitely feels like a hot pack!🌋✨✨I was nervous to use this because my skin is predominately dry, and sometimes sensitive. But used this on my trouble spots, which happen to be in a straight line down my face (less T-zone, more "I-zone") and had zero irritation.✨Use this about every 2 weeks depending on what

================



======= Instance Index 878 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To pour hot fudge over ice cream before serving,

Choice 1: pour the hot fudge over ice cream that has just been pulled from the freezer and scooped out of it's container with an ice cream scoop into a bowl.

Choice 2: pour the hot fudge over ice cream that has been pulled out of the freezer and softened for fifteen minutes, then scooped out of it's container with an ice cream scoop into a bowl.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.357872
Retrieved Text: Sundaes may be easily made at home from a foundation cream, at much less expense than when purchased at a soda fountain. The number is legion, the limit to imagination alone curtailing the varieties that may be made.
The following combinations may prove useful in suggesting various types which may be easily and quickly prepared. They are usually served in sherbert or frappe glasses. These may be procured as low as ten cents apiece in various styles.
Vanilla ice cream, chocolate sauce, hot or cold, or chocolate syrup.
Add chopped walnuts or hickory nuts to the chocolate sauce just before using on vanilla ice cream.
Vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce, the latter flavored sparingly with essence of peppermint.
Maple Sundae Pour maple sauce over vanilla ice cream.
Add chopped hickory nuts, walnut meats, or chopped pecans to the syrup used in making maple sundae. Or sprinkle vanilla ice cream thickly with fresh-scraped new maple sugar and chopped nut meats in equal proportions.
Prepare caramel sauce, adding the marshmallows while hot. Pour hot over vanilla ice cream.
Vanilla ice cream, baked apple sauce, and whipped cream, topped with a candied cherry.
Peeled apples halved and baked in syrup; vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, and a sprinkling of candied orange peel.
Line deep sherbet glasses with halved lady fingers, and put in a tablespoonful of preserved strawberries or raspberries, or of crushed and sweetened fresh fruit. Top with vanilla or chocolate ice cream, or strawberry ice cream, and garnish with whipped cream.
Vanilla ice cream, with orange marmalade, not too bitter, slightly melted and poured over the top.
Peel

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.329052
Retrieved Text: Summer has arrived and what better way to celebrate the dog days of summer than with this decadent Peanut Butter Fudge Ice Cream Cake? Growing up my mom always bought us ice cream cakes for our birthdays. I never realized until I was older that you could easily make your own ice cream cake. And let’s face it. We don’t need a birthday for an excuse to enjoy ice cream cake! The ticket to making the perfect ice cream cake is using a KitchenAid® Nonstick 9″ Springform Pan. Typically the only time you need a springform pan is for a cheesecake, but I’ve found that the pan is much more versatile and works great when making ice cream cakes, too.
Be prepared to spend a few days on this recipe. First you’ll want to chill your KitchenAid® Ice Cream Maker Attachment. Then while it’s chilling in the freezer you’ll want to make your batter for the ice cream.
First up, cream together the sugar, peanut butter, and eggs. While that’s mixing, simmer the half and half on the stovetop until it’s steaming but not boiling. Mixing it often is key.
Remove the half and half from the stove top and begin to pour it into the KitchenAid® Stand Mixer bowl while churning on low. Mix for a good 30 seconds. Then pour the full mixture back into the pot and cook on the stovetop until steaming. This helps ensure that the yolk is cooked and safe to eat. Make sure you mix continuously to avoid the egg from cooking.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.26767
Retrieved Text: Prepare Betty Crocker™ Gluten-Free Chocolate Brownie Mix following the instructions on the package, stir in 1/4 cup sweetened shredded coconut, and bake. Allow to cool completely.
In a large mixing bowl, add 5 cups of vanilla ice cream, and stir in chopped up chocolate-coconut cookies. Mix until the ice cream is smooth, like a soft serve. Place the brownie base on a serving platter and top with ice cream mixture, lining up the ice cream layer with the base. Spread evenly.
Place in the freezer while you prepare the hot fudge.
To make the hot fudge combine sugar, cocoa and salt in small saucepan.
Add enough water to make a consistency you can stir.
Add butter to cocoa mixture.
Allow to boil for 1 minute, stirring. Remove from heat. Add vanilla.
Drizzle the hot fudge over your brownie ice cream cake. Top with extra chocolate-coconut cookie pieces and sweetened shredded coconut.
Allow to set for 2-3 minutes before serving!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.589695
Retrieved Text: Jaxson’s Ice Cream Parlor & Restaurant + Giveaway!
On a scale from 1 to 10 how much do you love ice cream? If you said any number between 1 and 10 then you’re going to love today’s post, in which I’m sharing some behind-the-scenes photos of our visit to Jaxson’s Ice Cream Parlor & Restaurant in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Why would you want to check this place out if you answered less than a 5? Well, ‘cause I’m pretty sure this ice cream shop could make an ice cream lover out of anyone!
Yolanda and I were already fans before we even stepped foot inside!
Monroe Udell first opened up Jaxson’s in 1956, and the restaurant’s been serving up homemade ice cream and tasty eats since! Anyone who has been here will tell you that just the experience of going is impressive – the décor is kitschy, fun, and interesting (to say the least). Just take a look!
I even spotted this great photo of Art Ginsburg (“Mr. Food”) and Monroe Udell behind one of the booths! Did you know that the two were good friends?
But let’s get on to the important stuff. I’m talking ice cream. As I mentioned, Jaxson’s makes their own ice cream fresh every single day – and they’ve got a long list of flavors to choose from, including sugar-free varieties and fat-free yogurts! I got to peek in while they were making a special white chocolate macadamia ice cream.
That’s Howard in yellow, helping make some ice cream!
It’s as big as Howard’s head!
And, of course, the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.519844
Retrieved Text: Cake, cookies, and ice cream. With these goodies in the ingredient list, this minty frozen dessert is bound to be a hit.
1. Cut mint chocolate chip ice cream in half crosswise. Return half to freezer. Soften other half of ice cream in bowl until spreadable consistency, similar to peanut butter. Line 8 x 8 x 2-inch metal baking pan with plastic wrap. Spread softened ice cream into pan. Freeze 1 hour.
2. Crush 12 creme wafers in plastic bag. Transfer fudge topping to microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high until heated through but not hot, about 30 seconds. Pour half the topping (about 3/4 cup) into small bowl; add crushed cookies.
3. Coat 9 x 9 x 2-inch square metal baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. Line bottom and sides with plastic wrap. Line bottom of pan with waxed paper; coat paper with spray.
4. Line edges of 9-inch pan with cookies, alternating remaining creme ones with oval-shaped sandwich cookies; 1 oval cookie will remain.
5. Pour mixture of fudge topping and crushed cookies into bottom of cookie-lined pan; spread evenly to touch cookies. Freeze 20 minutes or until topping is almost solid.
6. Turn cake on long side, with top of loaf to right. Trim crown to level. Slice cake lengthwise into 4 equal slices, 1/2 inch thick.
7. Remove 2 pans from freezer. Invert ice cream square into cookie-lined pan; remove wrap; spread ice cream slightly toward edges. Freeze 45 minutes. Top with 2 cake slices, side-by-side. Freeze 45 minutes. Heat remaining fudge topping until fluid but not hot. Spread over

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.385
Retrieved Text: Calling all chocolate lovers! This NO BAKE TRIPLE CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM PIZZA was made just for you! Oreo cookies, hot fudge, chocolate ice cream and mini chocolate chip morsels make this a pizza chocolate, chocolate, and more chocolate!
Did you grow up having the ice cream cakes from Dairy Queen? Well friends, this is better. The crust on this no-bake dessert pizza is the absolute best! Crushed Oreo cookies mixed together with homemade hot fudge and pressed together then frozen, to make the base of this pizza completely amazing. Add whipped chocolate ice cream and topped with the same homemade hot fudge, you really can’t get a better bite of something sweet and chocolaty.
I made this for my kids and their friends after a “friendly” neighborhood kickball game. I say “friendly” as we have some competitive kids on the block, two of them belonging to me. So there are the occasional disagreements if someone was safe or not. It’s fun to watch say the least. This had the kids smiling from ear to ear and telling me I was the best cook ever. So it is safe to say this is a hit. Honestly what makes this recipe so great is the hot fudge sauce, but if you don’t have the few minutes to make it you can most definitely buy it from the store but trust me, make this sauce, it will be worth the 10-minutes. Cheers to summer, sunscreen and ice cream.
In a large Ziploc bag, add Oreo cookies, seal bag and smash up cookies,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.27533
Retrieved Text: Make: 1. Melt butter and bakers chocolate in a saucepan over medium heat. 2. Whisk in cocoa powder, sugar, cream, vanilla and salt. Bring to a boil. 3. Allow to cool and pour warm over ice cream for a hot fudge sundae, or allow to cool completely before drizzling over ice cream.
To store leftovers, pour into a jar and let cool to almost room temperature before screwing on the lid. Sauce will keep in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. It solidifies in the fridge but can be warmed gently in the microwave.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.16357
Retrieved Text: It may be January, and ya’ll may be on healthy diets… but Valentine’s Day is right around the corner and you better believe we all drop our diets for dessert. Am I right?
When we lived in Ohio there was this ice cream shop that served a delicious soft serve Orange Twist cone.
It was Orange Sherbet swirled with Vanilla Ice Cream. Much like a Creamsicle, but served on a cone!
To get that same flavor, you can also put vanilla ice cream and pour Orange Crush soda over it to make and Orange Float. DELICIOUS.
Or, you can achieve that same delicious flavor by making Orange Creamsicle Fudge. Serve this fudge chilled for best flavor!
· Have all your ingredients on hand before starting. Line an 8inch square baking dish with parchment paper.
· Add your white chocolate chips and marshmallow cream to a mixing bowl before starting (no need to stir, just dump them in there).
· When you boil your sugar, cream and butter mixture bring it to a ROLLING BOIL. No need for a candy thermometer, just set a timer for 4 minutes. Stirring constantly, continue to boil.
· After 4 minutes, pour this hot mixture over your white chocolate chips and marshmallow. Using an electric mixer, blend until smooth (and white chocolate is melted). Mine takes about 1 minute. Immediately pour HALF OF THIS MIXTURE into prepared baking dish.
· To the remaining half, add your Orange extract and 1-2 drops of Orange gel food coloring. Mix until smooth and pour this quickly over the white fudge in the dish.
·

########
Rank: 8
Score: 45.608444
Retrieved Text: Heat water and margarine to boiling; stir in flour and stir vigorously over low heat for about 1 minute, or until it forms a ball. Remove from heat. Stir eggs in one at a time, beating well. Spread in 9 x 13 ungreased pan. Bake at 375 degrees for 35 minutes. Cool.
Gradually blend milk into cream cheese. Stir in pudding, mixing until smooth. Pour filling into cooled puff. Top with Cool Whip. Chill. Drizzle with chocolate syrup just before cutting at serving time.
*Kathryn’s note: “Lite” version may be made using lite cream cheese, sugar free pudding and lite Cool Whip.
*Carolyn uses 3 boxes of French vanilla pudding and “Magic Shell” ice cream topping instead of chocolate syrup.
*Lois uses 1 large box of vanilla pudding mix.
Where do they find Magic Shelf ice cream topping?
That is a typo… (thanks for letting me know, btw)…it is Magic Shell and it is located by the other ice cream toppings like hot fudge at our grocery store. Enjoy!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.529625
Retrieved Text: If you have an ice cream maker this is a must try!
Don't just stop at the chocolate ice cream, although it is delicious by itself, make and chill the fudge as well. Trust me you won't be disappointed!
In a microwave safe bowl melt the chocolate for one minute. Stir and melt and additional minute. Stir until smooth. Set aside to cool slightly.
In a bowl of an electric mixer add the egg yolks, sugar, and salt.
With the paddle attachment beat on medium speed for 5 minutes until pale yellow and light and airy.
In large pan heat the cream and milk over low heat stirring occasionally. Be careful not to (1)scald it!
To the egg and sugar mixture, add the melted chocolate and beat on medium until incorporated.
Turn the mixer on the lowest speed and pour the (2)heated cream in, in a slow steady stream. Mix thoroughly. Remove the bowl and scrape the bottom to make sure it’s all incorporated.
Return to pan and heat over medium heat stirring constantly. If using a thermometer heat to (3)160 degrees.
If not using a thermometer heat until it thickens and coats the back of a spoon. It should not (4)boil, but a few bubbles may come up along the edges. Remove from heat and add vanilla. Cool using an ice bath stirring occasionally. Refrigerate until (5)completely chilled.
Set up (6)ice cream maker according to the manufacturer’s directions. With the machine running add the mixture in a slow steady stream. Churn according to directions. While it is churning place the container you’re going to store

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.376675
Retrieved Text: In 4 small glasses or teacups, add one scoop of vanilla ice cream to each glass.
Slowly pour Guinness stout over the ice cream and serve immediately.
Variations: Substitute chocolate ice cream, add whipped cream, cocoa powder or hot fudge. And for your UNDER-21 friends, use Root Beer or Ginger Beer over the ice cream.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.056606
Retrieved Text: This Frozen Mississippi Mud Pie is easily one of my favorite desserts. I know I say that with just about every dessert I make but seriously, this pie is amazing. If you like ice cream, chocolate fudge, oreos, coffee flavored things, or ooey gooey-ness, then you too will love this pie. The combination of flavors and textures is unreal. This no bake, frozen ice cream pie consists of a thin cookie crust, hot fudge, a creamy delicious cool whip/coffee ice cream pie filling layered with more hot fudge, crushed oreos, another layer of ice cream and finally topped with a generous amount of, you guessed it – crushed oreos.
I actually made this pie a little over a year ago and had it on here but the pictures were awful. Bad lighting, poor composition and shot with a small point and shoot camera without any editing. Sometimes a picture doesn’t do something justice, well the photos I had didn’t do this pie any justice. Now that I’ve taken my love of food to an even greater level by completely immersing myself in the whole food blogging thing, I just love this recipe so much that I felt it deserved a second chance. Or maybe I just really wanted an excuse to make this pie.
So…let’s talk more about this pie. Besides it being completely perfect I also love it because it’s a little messy. When putting this pie together, you are going between hot fudge and then cold ice cream and also working with crushed oreos, so things

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.724228
Retrieved Text: Anything including Oreo cookies just has to be good.
Layer ice cream on top of crumbs in baking dish.
Pour hot fudge and cool whip over ice cream, sprinkle cookie crumbles over top, cover tightly and freeze.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.511272
Retrieved Text: Layers of brownie and ice cream? Yes, please! This recipe incorporates our Brownie Batter Cookie Dough ice cream, a previous Limited Edition flavor that is now available year-round! Great for a birthday treat or just because, this dessert can make any moment special. To create this Brownie Batter Ice Cream Cake recipe, simply follow the instructions below.
Mix and bake brownie mix according to package directions in a greased springform pan.
Cool thoroughly and spoon a layer of softened ice cream, followed by a layer of whipped topping and mini chocolate chips.
Remove from freezer and repeat with a second layer of ice cream.
Freeze for 4-6 hours or until solid and ready to serve.
When ready to serve, remove sides of springform pan and place on serving platter.
Heat hot fudge topping according to package directions and pour over cake.
Cut into slices and top with additional whipped topping or nuts as desired!
Show us how you’re enjoying this delicious treat by tagging us in your pictures on social media. Have a recipe of your own to share that uses Hudsonville Ice Cream? Send us a message and we might share yours next!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.047073
Retrieved Text: When we were kids, anytime a birthday would roll around, my mom would ask my sister and I what we wanted on our birthday cakes. My requests varied each year, ranging from Peanuts-themed cake to Sesame Street and (shocker) a hockey player. It was a foregone conclusion that the cake would be a standard quarter sheet cake with traditional icing. Somewhere around middle school, I realized that regular cake just didn’t really do much for me; instead, I much preferred the ever-popular ice cream cakes from Dairy Queen – layers of chocolate and vanilla ice cream sandwiching a fudge and chocolate crunch filling. It was amazing, and it was the only birthday cake I requested through high school and beyond.
As much as I love it, however, I always thought that the cake could stand to have that fudge filling at least doubled, and maybe a bit more of the chocolate crunchies, as well… but I didn’t want the crunchies quite so… crunchy. What to do? Create my own version at home, of course.
I used a springform pan to layer chocolate ice cream on the bottom, then top with my homemade hot fudge sauce, which I could seriously eat with a spoon. As for the chocolate crunch layer, I wanted a larger layer, but like I said, I didn’t want them quite as crunchy. To solve that issue, I chopped up Oreo cookies, cream center included. The cream center kept the chopped up cookies softer once they were frozen, so it was a perfect solution. On top

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.979168
Retrieved Text: When I saw the secret ingredient for this month Chocolate Party is ice cream I thought instantly to hot chocolate fudge sauce.
What else is better to pair ice cream with. No matter the ice cream, this rich and smooth hot chocolate fudge sauce is a great addition to create a memorable dessert.
It is very easy to prepare, takes only few minutes and you got the most tempting chocolate sauce that you can serve it as it is, pour it over ice cream or over some buttery biscuits ... just heavenly.
This one is classic with just a hint of vanilla but you can change the flavors upon your tastes, add some almond extract, peppermint or citrus flavor.
For this recipe I used homemade vanilla ice cream, but you can definitely try as many ice cream variation you can get. So let's enjoy this summer my friends!
In a saucepan over medium-high heat, bring the cream, sugar, cocoa powder, salt and half of the chocolate to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low, and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Remove from the heat and stir in the the butter, the remaining chocolate, and the vanilla extract, stirring until smooth. Let cool for 20 to 30 minutes before using (it will thicken while it cools).
Store in a jar or airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. To reheat, you can use the microwave for 30 seconds to 1 minute until it's pourable but still thick or if you don't want to use microwave just place the jar in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.858715
Retrieved Text: If you have a craving for chocolate this is the recipe. My sister and I came up with us when we were young girls and craving a lot of chocolate one night. Top with chocolate ice cream, hot fudge, whipped cream, a cherry, of course, and sprinkle with nuts, if desired.
Prepare brownie mix according to package directions. Pour half of batter in a 9×13 inch baking dish. Top with a layer of chocolate bars. Cover with caramels. Pour remaining batter over all.
Bake in preheated oven 25 to 30 minutes, until set. Let cool completely before cutting into squares.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.84537
Retrieved Text: Once you’ve tried one (or both) of these fudge sauces, you’ll never go back to the store-bought kind. On the left is a classic hot fudge sauce, and on the right is a vanilla bean white chocolate fudge sauce that tastes sort of like marshmallow topping. Both are crazily delicious and go well over a multitude of ice cream flavors. Our intention was to share a healthy chocolate ice cream with these two sauces, but sadly, it was a somewhat icky failure so we won’t be sharing it. That doesn’t matter though, because these sauces are amazing and definitely worth posting about! Also, we think the sauce is generally the best part of an ice cream dessert anyway.
The vanilla bean white chocolate fudge sauce is equally easy and includes marshmallow fluff, heavy cream, lots of vanilla, and of course white chocolate! It was so, so good and probably would be ideal over strawberry ice cream! We’ll be trying that sometime soon.
In a 2-quart saucepan over medium-high heat, bring the cream, syrup, brown sugar, cocoa powder, salt and half of the chocolate to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low, and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining chocolate, the butter, and the vanilla extract, stirring until smooth. Let cool for 20 to 30 minutes before using (it will thicken as it cools). Store in a jar or airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. To reheat, microwave for 30 seconds to 1 minute until it’s pourable

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.803364
Retrieved Text: Step 1) Spray the inside of the popsicle mold lightly with nonstick cooking spray.
Step 2) In a small blender, blend together banana, peanut butter, and whole milk until smooth.
Step 3) Pour mixture into popsicle mold, leaving 1/4 inch of space at the top.
Step 4) Insert popsicle sticks/tops and place mold in the freezer until frozen solid. Enjoy!
Kids love popsicles! They can run around the back yard with them, and rinse off sticky hands and faces by running through the sprinkler. Homemade popsicles are essential… they cost less than store-bought, and using wholesome ingredients means kids enjoy more flavor, take in a few vitamins, and won’t even miss all of the corn syrup and artificial colors in the freezer section of the supermarket.
Strawberry Creamsicles are a favorite here at Crowded Earth Kitchen, but feel free to substitute any fresh, ripe fruit!
Homemade Hot Fudge takes only about 10 minutes to prepare and is extravagantly delicious. To enjoy this treat, don’t be afraid to think beyond classic hot fudge sundaes. Homemade Hot Fudge is also a fun dipping sauce for fresh strawberries, frozen banana chunks, biscotti, and vanilla wafers. Be creative and enjoy!
Step 1) Melt butter in a medium skillet. Add remaining ingredients and whisk well to combine.
Step 2) Bring mixture to a boil over medium-high heat and stir constantly for 8 minutes.
Store leftover hot fudge in a glass jar (such as a pint size mason jar) in the refrigerator. Warm in a microwave for a few seconds and stir carefully before serving.
In my corner of the world, summer

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.78746
Retrieved Text: A couple of years ago, I had a craving for a hot fudge sundae. But not any old hot fudge sundae, you see, I had to have ice cream topped with my mom’s hot fudge. I *kind of* remembered the ingredients and amounts, but not really.
What I definitely knew was that my mom’s recipe used evaporated milk. So I searched the internet for a hot fudge recipe using evaporated milk.
All I could find was recipes using half and half or heavy cream.
So I called my mom. She didn’t answer. I don’t recall if my mom had a cell phone at that point, but even if she did, it was almost always on vibrate in those days, so she wouldn’t have heard it anyway. And besides, I needed hot fudge sauce right then! So I used a recipe similar to what I thought my mom used and was gravely disappointed.
Since then, there’s probably a copy of my mom’s recipe in every notebook I own, as well as on a few post-its here and there. And now my mom and I text all of the time, so I’ll never be without the recipe, anyway. Plus, it’s now immortalized on the Internet, so I can look it up any time I want, from anywhere I please.
My mom prefers to make brownie sundaes (and really, they are something to behold), but since I’m more of a cookie person, and I’d been craving M&M cookies for sometime now, the cookie sundae made an appearance. The assembly is simple: a scoop or

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.06457
Retrieved Text: A layer of crushed oreos, ice cream, peanuts and the best hot fudge sauce of all time. This dessert is spread in a 9 x 13 inch pan and serves a crowd. I make this for birthdays at my house instead of cake.
Pat the crushed oreos into the bottom of a 9×13 inch pan.
Spread the ice cream (that is somewhat soft) over the oreos. I like to cut open the box of ice cream and use a knife to cut big rectangles of ice cream and lay it on top of the oreos.
Sprinkle the peanuts evenly over the top of the ice cream.
In a saucepan combine the evaporated milk, sugar, chocolate chips and butter. Stir together and bring to a boil over medium high heat. Boil for 8 minutes, stirring constantly. Cool until completely cold (do NOT even try to pour it over the ice cream warm) and then add in the vanilla.
Pour the sauce on top of the frozen ice cream and spread evenly. Cover with foil or plastic wrap and freeze until time to serve.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 42.01962
Retrieved Text: I made this sauce a couple of weeks ago to go with my birthday mud pie. I had some left over, so I purchased some Archer Farms (Target brand) Madagascan Vanilla Ice Cream to finish it off. Now, this sauce was perfectly fantastic on my mud pie, but the coffee ice cream and Oreo crust were the stars of that dessert. Eating this sauce on vanilla ice cream was a whole new experience for me. I didn't heat it too much, just enough to make it liquid, about 11 seconds in the microwave for 2 tablespoons of fudge sauce. When I poured it onto the ice cream, it started to thicken immediately and turned into what it was intended to be, what it was named for: fudge. A nice, soft, rich, Dove chocolatey fudge. Oh my gosh. I had to blog about the sauce on its own because it's worth its own post.
Lucky for me, I'm down to about my last quarter cup of this stuff because I would definitely be eating too much if there were more.
If you're looking for a homemade hot fudge sauce, look no further. This is it.
In a heavy saucepan over medium heat, bring cream, corn syrup, sugar, cocoa, salt and half of the chocolate to a boil. Stir until chocolate is melted. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat.
Add butter, vanilla, and remaining chocolate and stir until smooth. Cool sauce to warm before serving.
Store leftovers covered in the refrigerator for up to two weeks.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.64001
Retrieved Text: Ice cream is one of my favorite things to make. I love transforming ingredients into another state of being.
Most ice cream recipes you’ll find on Solid Gold Eats are Philadelphia style or egg-free. My thickeners will include corn starch and cream cheese. This recipe happens to be thick like the custard ice creams that include eggs, but… it doesn’t have eggs in it!
This chocolate ice cream happened for two reasons: Rahul had been asking for a chocolate flavored ice cream, and I had a single serving of Bailey’s Irish Cream on hand. Why not throw the two together?
I prefer Ghirardelli chocolate bars for their consistently great quality. It melts well and I like how it naturally breaks up when I need chunks of it for sprinkling into the ice cream like I do here. This is the BEST part about making your own ice cream – you don’t have to skimp on your ingredients. Bars are better than chips because they’re easier to chop up than the small chips.
This ice cream has a fudge-like texture and is creamy and thick. I love digging into it and getting a big bite of semi-sweet chocolate chunks. Bailey’s Irish Cream adds a hint of whiskey flavor without overpowering the chocolate ice cream. I think it keeps the ice cream from being too rich.
In a saucepan, add 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, cocoa powder, and sugar and whisk together. Turn heat to medium high.
Whisk cornstarch with 1/2 cup heavy cream and 1/2 cup whole milk in a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.539143
Retrieved Text: Slow Cooker Hot Fudge Pudding Cake an easy crock-pot dessert perfect for freeing up your oven. With the best fudgy molten sauce that forms beneath the cake. So easy to customize with 4 fun toppings like an ice cream sundae! Plus a step-by-step video!
With the busy holiday season upon us, slow cooker recipes are back in full force around here.
This gooey Hot Fudge Pudding Cake was actually a dessert I made for my stepdad who usually helps me take most of the desserts I make off my hands.
He grew up on a gooey chocolate pudding cake from his mom and grandma, who were both amazing bakers. Since this Pumpkin Pecan Pudding Cake was such a hit, I thought I’d make this chocolate version in the slow cooker as well.
Recently, his doctor told him to cut back on certain foods in his diet, so we’ve been trying to add healthier spins on the desserts he loves.
This Hot Fudge Pudding Cake recipe is vegan and has NO refined sugar. Instead, we use melted coconut oil and coconut sugar. If you’d rather make this the classic way, I’ve also included options to use easier pantry-friendly ingredients like vegetable oil and brown sugar instead.
The homemade cake batter comes together easily in just ONE bowl and you just spread it into your slow cooker.
Then just mix together some coconut sugar and cocoa powder and sprinkle it over the entire dessert and pour hot water over top.
The batter cooks up in the crock-pot into a rich and dreamy moist cake with a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.92046
Retrieved Text: Is this the prettiest cake you’ve ever seen?
Is it totally and absolutely amazing despite its homely appearance?
You see, this cake is not so much of a cake as it is an ooey-gooey chocolatey brownie and hot fudge combo in one. And it mixes up in minutes. In the pan you bake it in.
As it bakes, the bottom turns into an oozing fudgy sauce, while the top becomes a chewy chocolate cake, almost like a brownie.
You spoon some – piping hot out of the oven – into a bowl, and top it with ice cream, whipped cream, maraschino cherries, and maybe some chopped nuts or even rainbow sprinkles. And spooning a bit more of that fudgy sauce over the top definitely would not be a bad plan.
Oh Mylanta, is it good. That warm and gooey chocolate combined with the chewy cake and cool ice cream is… well, it’s everything a hot fudge sundae should be. Except it’s also a cake. And we think it’s pure magic.
In an un-greased 9x9 baking dish, mix together the flour, granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons cocoa, baking powder, and salt with a fork.
Add the milk, melted butter, and vanilla and mix with fork until well combined. Spread evenly around the pan.
Sprinkle brown sugar and 1/4 cup cocoa powder over the top of the batter. Pour hot water over the top.
Bake until the top of the cake is dry, about 40 minutes. Serve with ice cream, whipped cream, and your favorite sundae garnishes. Enjoy!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.81951
Retrieved Text: A fellow viewer sent in this recipe! This takes just a few ingredients out of your pantry to make a delicious hot fudge cake.
This hot fudge cake is so easy to prepare.
In a medium bowl combine flour, sugar, 2 tablespoons cocoa, baking powder, and salt. Stir in the milk and vanilla. Spread in an ungreased 9-inch square pan. Combine brown sugar, remaining 4 tablespoons cocoa, and water. Carefully pour hot water mixture over batter. DO NOT stir into batter. Bake at 350 for 35 to 40 minutes. Serve warm. Great with ice cream too.
this was wonderful! I will be making this again.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.76328
Retrieved Text: This Brownie Pie is fudgy, rich and divine! It is absolute perfection topped with ice cream and hot fudge. This is a delicious addition to any dessert table and will be one of the first pies to disappear.
Brownies are one of my go to desserts. And when it comes to a pie selection, you better believe I am I am choosing all chocolate versions. Hands down chocolate wins over fruity for me.
This Brownie Pie is now a new favorite. The brownie filling is so fudgy, so rich, so moist and absolutely fabulous. Paired with ice cream, this is a match made in heaven. If you are looking for that superstar pie for next week, give this one a try! It receives rave reviews each and every time I make it!
In a large microwavable bowl, heat half and half, butter, and semi-sweet chocolate until melted.
Add sugar, brown sugar, eggs, egg yolk, and vanilla and beat until smooth.
Add cocoa, flour, and salt and mix until well blended.
Pour into the pie crust and bake for 50 to 60 minutes, or until toothpick comes out clean.
Cool and serve with ice cream and hot fudge.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.4826
Retrieved Text: Any Additional Toppings You Like!
In a medium bowl, combine waffle ingredients.
Pour waffle mix into your waffle maker, and cook according to the machine’s directions.
Remove cooked waffles to serving plate, let cool a few minutes before topping with ice cream.
Add your toppings, starting with fudge and going until you reach your limit!
We ate the whole thing in about 4 minutes, but we might recommend you share.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.453716
Retrieved Text: Transform your Hangry to Happy with this incredible waffle, drizzled with honey and a smash of vanilla.
Sometime you have to take a leap into luscious strawberry first and the crunchy waffle part comes later.
This waffle packs a massive punch of indulgent chocolate sauce and vanilla ice cream that will make you go Kaboom.
Avenge your sweet cravings with this yummy waffle teamed up with a scoop of Vanilla and shielded by chocolate hazelnut spread.
Explore the galaxy of flavours which include crunchy wheat crisps, chunks of strawberry, hot fudge sauce and whipped cream. Still not feeling over the moon? Well, we have strawberry ice cream with a cherry on top!
A warm gooey brownie with the worlds best Vanilla Ice cream topped with hot fudge or butterscotch sauce.
A yummylicious gooey and chocolatey warm brownie topped with your favourite Three Cheers Chocolate ice cream and hot fudge or butterscotch sauce.
Warm brownies topped with delectable Belgian Bliss ice cream and hot fudge or butterscotch sauce.
It's easy to go crazy for this nutty delight. A crunchy collection of roasted Californian almond ice cream on a bed of nuts, topped with almonds, cashews raisins, drowned in hot fudge and finished with whipped cream. Go nuts!
Go bananas for this classic, three ice cream of your choice top bananans and yummy hot sauces and toppings. Indulge yourself, there is no monkey business here!
Feel your taste buds roar with approval at this decadent treat, when vanilla and three cheers chocolate collide together. Then there's a hot fudge sauce and whipped cream to top it all up.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.448822
Retrieved Text: If you’ve never made brownies in any other shape than a square or rectangle, you need to get on the brownie pie train. Because this Milk Bar fudgy brownie pie, with its hot fudge sauce and chocolate crumb toppings is bound to be a game-changer in your brownie world.
Mark this event as one for the books.
I chose pie over cake.
And granted, the only thing that makes a pie a pie is that it’s held within in crust inside a pie plate. Because, really, this is just a giant brownie baked in a graham crust in a pie plate.
Covered in hot fudge sauce.
But we’ll call this fudgy brownie pie a pie because it does meet the above-noted pie standards.
Because sometimes, we all need comfort food like this.
And you know what? With that uneasy feeling that the world has tilted off its axis just a little since November 9th, there are certain times that just call for fudgy brownie pie.
You know. Covered in hot fudge sauce. And crunchy chocolate crumbs.
This is one of those times. So, why the hell not?
Milk Bar's fudgy brownie pie is the new brownie sensation! With its fudgy brownie center, hot fudge sauce, and chocolate crumb toppings, this pie is bound to be a game-changer in your brownie world.
To make the graham crust: Mix all of the ingredients together in a small bowl until the crumbs are moistened. Grease a 9-inch deep dish or a 10-inch pie plate and press 1 ¼ cups of the graham mixture into an even layer across the bottom

================



======= Instance Index 1604 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Clean soap scum off bathroom tiles.

Choice 1: Rub a wet dryer sheet on scum spots.

Choice 2: Rub a dry dryer sheet on scum spots.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.288094
Retrieved Text: how to clean shower floor tile how to get a brown stain out of a shower floor cleaning pinterest cleaning cleaning hacks and shower cleaner how to clean shower floor tile.
how to clean shower floor tile how to clean the grout between your wall tiles and revamp mouldy mastic how to clean soap scum from shower floor tiles.
how to clean shower floor tile how to clean bathroom floor tile clean shower floor tile how to clean bathroom floor tiles how to clean ceramic shower floor tiles.
how to clean shower floor tile how to quickly clean tile 23 copy how to clean shower floor tile stained by hard water.
how to clean shower floor tile winning grout cleaners how to clean shower stall tile floor.
how to clean shower floor tile 7 rinse the shower wall with clean how to clean soap scum from shower floor tiles.
how to clean shower floor tile how to clean a shower floor architecture clean shower floor tile new how to us with how to clean a shower floor how to clean shower floor tiles.
how to clean shower floor tile bathroom tiling how to clean tile with vinegar water how to clean shower floor tile stained by hard water.
how to clean shower floor tile cleaning your shower how to clean shower floor scum how to clean shower stall tile floor.
how to clean shower floor tile grout and ceramic tile shower floor how to clean shower floor tile scum.
how to clean shower floor tile tiles are one of the most hygienic and easily maintained wall

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.07491
Retrieved Text: SCUMBAGS SHOWER CLEAN AND SEAL’s number one service is to provide a restoration and heavy duty cleaning service for your Shower screens and tiles. Tried a miriad of products to remove those waterstains, mineral deposits and even soap scum from your screens without success?... Glass shower doors create an open, clean feel in the bathroom, but not when there's an unattractive buildup of hard water stains and soap scum. These types of stains can leave permanent damage and etching on the glass. To avoid this problem, keep things crystal-clean with a few simple tips.
Glass shower doors create an open, clean feel in the bathroom, but not when there's an unattractive buildup of hard water stains and soap scum. These types of stains can leave permanent damage and etching on the glass. To avoid this problem, keep things crystal-clean with a few simple tips.... SCUMBAGS SHOWER CLEAN AND SEAL’s number one service is to provide a restoration and heavy duty cleaning service for your Shower screens and tiles. Tried a miriad of products to remove those waterstains, mineral deposits and even soap scum from your screens without success?
If you find soap scum on the glass of your bathroom shower anything but easy to deal with, you should try this vinegar magic potion recipe.
SCUMBAGS SHOWER CLEAN AND SEAL’s number one service is to provide a restoration and heavy duty cleaning service for your Shower screens and tiles. Tried a miriad of products to remove those waterstains, mineral deposits and even soap scum from your screens without success?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 48.048775
Retrieved Text: I believe that most of you will get annoyed when you find that your bathroom is full of soap scum. It will be getting worse if you can’t easily remove the soap scum and need a hectic effort to clean this mess. Nonetheless, you don’t have to worry because there are easy ways how to get rid of the soap scum in your home.
It is suggested for you to use the best soap scum remover as it has a powerful formula to kick out the soap scum in your bathroom. To save your money, you can make the formula by yourself with ingredients that you can easily find them in the shopping market.
To make powerful soap scum remover by yourself, you can choose one of the two alternative methods: using dawn/vinegar shine or baking soda shine. Here are the steps of making the best soap scum remover diy from the dawn or vinegar shine.
First of all, you need to heat 1 cup of vinegar and then mix it with the dawn. Spray it on the dirt tiles and wait for 30 minutes to make the remover work perfectly. Then, clean it with water and instantly, you will figure out your tile are free from soap scum!
The second method is using baking soda and using this method is as easy as the dawn or vinegar method! You just need to spray the baking soda over the dirty tub or tiles and quickly spray it with shower. Then, wait for about 10 minutes to let the formula work

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.17909
Retrieved Text: Clorox® Bathroom Cleaner easily cleans tough bathroom dirt like soap scum and leaves surfaces shiny. It deodorises surfaces leaving a fresh, clean scent. Use on bathtubs, shower doors and walls, glazed ceramic tiles, toilets, vanities, sinks, fixtures, fibreglass, chrome, glazed porcelain and synthetic marble.
Safe for use in septic systems. Contains organic acids and surfactants. Contains no phosphorous.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.027184
Retrieved Text: Are your once sleek and stylish bathroom tiles now hidden under mould and discoloured grouting? Keeping the bathroom clean can be challenging, but neglecting this task will result in a build-up of soap scum and grime that not only detracts from the appearance of the room but harbours bacteria.
A modern, attractive bathroom can add thousands of dollars to the overall value of any dwelling, so it makes sense to spend the time and effort to keep it in good condition. Maintaining a regular cleaning regime as part of general housekeeping is the secret to keeping your bathroom looking pristine, and it need not take a lot of time.
Wall and floor tiles in wet areas are noted for trapping dirt, which becomes difficult to remove and discolours white grouting. Regular cleaning with bleach and a grout brush will remove this dirt, but if you prefer an effective non-chemical alternative, scrub the grout with a paste of baking soda and water. Spray it with a one-part vinegar, one-part water solution so that it froths up, brush away the build-up then wash clean with water.
Shower curtains are known for becoming mouldy, especially in a humid climate, so the trend now is to replace them with sparkling glass shower screens. This will give your bathroom an immediate lift, making it appear larger and more modern. This is a large part of our work at Budget Shower Screens as homeowners look for easy and cost effective ways to modernise their bathrooms.
Once we install the shower screens, we recommend including them in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.516792
Retrieved Text: remove soap scum from shower door soap scum on shower doors remove soap scum from shower doors vinegar remove soap scum from plastic shower door.
remove soap scum from shower door clean soap scum off shower door soap scum off shower doors and prevent it from coming how to remove soap scum from fiberglass shower doors.
remove soap scum from shower door how to clean bathroom shower doors medium size of glass shower glass door removing soap scum remove soap scum shower door.
remove soap scum from shower door remove soap scum from shower doors with 3 ingredients removing build up soap scum shower doors.
remove soap scum from shower door removing soap scum from glass shower door full size of best glass shower door cleaner clean removing soap scum how to remove soap scum from fiberglass shower doors.
remove soap scum from shower door fancy how to get soap scum off shower doors off shower doors easiest way to remove how to remove soap scum from fiberglass shower doors.
remove soap scum from shower door how to remove soap scum from glass shower doors clean door easiest way off remove soap scum from plastic shower door.
remove soap scum from shower door soap scum shower doors a best of removing soap scum from shower doors remove soap scum from shower doors vinegar.
remove soap scum from shower door clean soap scum off shower door photo 4 of best ideas about soap scum removal on remove soap scum from shower doors vinegar.
remove soap scum from shower door removing soap scum from shower doors 4

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.275284
Retrieved Text: You make a donation using a PayPal account or a credit/debit card to PayPal Giving Fund (a 501(c)(3) charitable organization). After the deduction of payment processing fees, PayPal Giving Fund delivers the funds it receives to the chosen charity on a monthly basis.*... Cleaning slate shower. We don�t only clean the slate � we also prep and sanitize while eliminating all stains or sealers from the stone. Removing all mold, mildew, soap scum and stains from the slate is just second nature to us.
clean shower tile shower stall and tile cleaner cleaning slate showers how to clean shower tile cleaner mold clean shower tile grout mold. how to clean porcelain tile shower with vinegar cleaning grout a new approach tiles mold and mildew old,cleaning shower tiles with baking soda and vinegar marble tile mildew clean dawn how to grout in... Cleaning Slate � Case Study January 22, 2013 / Ian Taylor / 43 Comments I have received so many comments on the subject of cleaning slate that I have invited a stone cleaning professional and friend of mine, Andrew Titmuss of Posh Stone Floors to take us through one of his jobs.
Cleaning slate shower. We don�t only clean the slate � we also prep and sanitize while eliminating all stains or sealers from the stone. Removing all mold, mildew, soap scum and stains from the slate is just second nature to us.... How to Clean Slate Stone. Natural slate can add beauty and texture to any area of your home; designers use it in flooring, backsplashes,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.194622
Retrieved Text: A safe and natural, biodegradable cream cleanser that very effectively cleans all bathroom surfaces. Bathroom Balm quickly and easily dissolves soap scum and the toughest dirt to leave a super shiny finish. Supplied in an aluminium tin which is fully recyclable. Vegan and Palm Oil free.
A natural bathroom cleaner balm, in a recyclable metal tin. This will clean and shine all bathroom surfaces without any effort: granite, marble, stone, chrome, ceramics, tiles, plastics, paintwork, glass, stainless steel and all flooring.
Great on soap scum and dirt. Apply to bathroom surfaces with a damp cloth or sponge, rinse with warm water and buff with a dry cloth for a sparkling, smear-free finish. Use this bathroom cleaner balm where you need a gentle, non-scratch abrasive action. It will easily remove nail polish and most beauty products from all bathroom surfaces.
Natural, vegan and Palm Oil free.
Supplied in an aluminium tin which is fully recyclable.
Mangle & Wringer is a small UK company based in the heart of the Cotswolds, specialising in natural cleaning remedies that do the hard work for you. All of their products are handmade based on tried and tested homemade traditional cleaning recipes and contain mostly food-grade ingredients. Their products are entirely non-toxic and don’t contain any chemical fragrances, so you can rest assured that your home will be clean without any harmful chemical residues.
Ingredients: Sodium Bicarbonate, Calcium Carbonate, Coconut Oil Soap, Palm-free Vegetable Glycerine, Sodium Chloride, Organic Lavender and Chamomile Essential Oils.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.102627
Retrieved Text: Was your bathroom more of a tropical steaming jungle when you left the house this morning? Did you get enough time after shower to clean the foggy shower glass or is this on the weekend’s to-do-list?
A bathroom that looks lavish and luxurious is always gratifying to the eye, especially when it has sparkling shower glass doors. Nevertheless, from time to time erasing the calcium hard water spots and soap scum from the glass can be strenuous, but with daily frequent cleaning you shouldn’t require to use a large amount of elbow grease.
Situated in a damp and moisture-laden environment, shower doors are more susceptible to the growth of mildew. Not to mention the soap scum that rapidly accumulates and in no time you’ve got quite a cleaning job in front of you. Cleaning the shower glass isn’t the most famous of household chores, but is definitely one of the crucial ones. Shower doors at times can be extremely stubborn to clean, with hard water stains and spots. Something to consider is that it doesn’t matter how old the shower actually is, the appearance depends more on how it is cared for.
In order to keep a shower looking brand new, the first thing to do is to prevent the build up of hard water. Hard water stains can easily be prevented, however many people overlook their significance in the maintenance of a clean and tidy looking bathroom. Also known as ‘lime scale’, the hard water splashes result when the hard water droplets dry onto the glass surface. The

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.935078
Retrieved Text: Men are slobs, they really are. For some reason don't understand why such simple things cannot be done right away. My MIL reads a lot of magazines and tells me that most wife complain about what slobs their husbands are. I know my husband works so hard to provide for us and affords me the chance to be a stay at home mom but I need cooperation. Our bedroom is a wreak, a wreak I tell you. Soda cans all over the headboard, candy wrappers on the floor, paper plates on the night stand, shoes everywhere and the bathroom calls for an emergency. I have been sleeping in our kids room so basically my husband is responsible for all the mess. I have cleaned up so many times and he keeps promising to clean his room on his days off but he never does. So we have come up with an agreement that he will keep his room at least decent and I clean the bathroom. I think I got the short end of the stick though, lol. Cleaning his bathroom takes a lot of arm power, and a whole bunch of cleaner. The tub is the part that I really hate cleaning with all the soap scum. It doesn't help at all that our bathroom faucet are so close to the wall that you barely have space to clean the soap scum in between. How I wish we could remodel the master bathroom and the first thing to go would be the faucet. I would

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.616516
Retrieved Text: The CHUX® 3 in 1 Bathroom Cleaner Foam Scrub is one product designed to clean the whole bathroom!
The special non-scratch white scourer removes stubborn mildew, stubborn stains and soap scum.
The grooved foam core provides a comfortable handle plus makes it easier to get in those tricky spaces - like around the edge of taps and shower trays.
Then turn over and use the yellow chamois-style wiping side to dry surfaces without streaking.
For an extra powerful clean use with HANDY ANDY® All-Purpose Cleaner – great for tiles, toilets, showers and baths!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.458214
Retrieved Text: A tiled shower is one of the areas in the house that is almost always in need of our attention! Wouldn’t you love it if every morning, your shower felt fresh and clean? Instead, soap scum and other grime build up, causing our shower’s state of cleanliness to be not-so-pleasant… But fortunately there are many ways in which we clean shower tiles. Below you’ll find three easy tips for doing so! The most amazing tile cleaning in Austin, Texas is cleaned by The Steam Team.
Soap scum can be difficult to remove from your shower tiles, especially if they haven’t been cleaned in a while. You’ll have to find a cleaner suitable for the job, and scrub away what you can! Whatever you can’t get to, a steam cleaner can help with!
Grout will also need a bit of elbow grease… and by elbow grease, we mean scrubbing! First, create a thick paste with water and two tablespoons of baking soda. Use a hard-bristled toothbrush to scrub the paste into the grout (in a circular motion, not back and forth!). The Steam Team cleans all types of tile and stone. For marble cleaning call The Steam Team today.
Before this step, it’s important to rinse the walls of your shower with warm water to remove any excess soap scum! Then, dry everything completely. Drying off the shower walls and tiles will help reduce the growth of mold, mildew, and soap scum. So after you’re done cleaning, be sure to dry everything thoroughly- you’ll be thanking yourself in the long

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.438255
Retrieved Text: clean bathroom tile clean bathroom tile floor grout.
clean bathroom tile cleaning bathroom tiles with baking soda and vinegar.
clean bathroom tile how cleaning bathroom tiles with vinegar and baking soda.
clean bathroom tile how to keep your grout clean and maintained bathroom cleaning deep clean bathroom tile grout.
clean bathroom tile sir grouts tile cleaning and shower renewal is no sweat for one customer clean old bathroom tile floor.
clean bathroom tile if you have tiles in your bathroom which are dirty grimy and accumulated and hard to remove dirt then you could have clean bathroom tile with muriatic acid.
clean bathroom tile best images about cleaning house on best product for cleaning bathroom tiles cleaning bathroom tiles with hydrochloric acid.
clean bathroom tile cleaning bathroom tiles and grout cleaning bathroom tile bathroom tile grout grout and tile cleaning bathroom cleaning bathroom tiles cleaning bathroom tiles with baking soda and v.
clean bathroom tile how to clean bathroom tile clean bathroom tile grout bleach.
clean bathroom tile 2 cleaning old bathroom tile grout.
clean bathroom tile tools for an easy to clean shower via clean mama cleaning old bathroom tile grout.
clean bathroom tile mara autumn how to clean bathroom tiles with apple cider vinegar.
clean bathroom tile how to clean bathroom tile floor grout how to clean bathroom tile floor grout best shower how to clean bathroom tile clean bathroom tile floor.
clean bathroom tile bathroom tile grout cleaning home remedies for cleaning bathroom tile grout clean grout with this homemade bathroom tile grout cleaning deep clean bathroom tile floor.
clean bathroom tile cleaning old tile floors bathroom

########
Rank: 13
Score: 41.352287
Retrieved Text: At Fulton Distributing, we know that restrooms can be one of the most difficult areas to maintain and we are here to assist you by providing clean and sanitary solutions. With this in mind, we offer a variety of cleaning chemicals including disinfecting bowl, urinal, and shower cleaners, along with all of your other restroom surface needs. These products effectively remove soap scum and water spots while disinfecting and deodorizing even the toughest areas. Having mold and mildew problems? We carry chemicals that will control this issue with powerful whiteners keeping your tile and grout sparkling clean. Don’t forget odor control options such as urinal screens and air fresheners for the ideal finishing touch. We also carry a complete line of feminine hygiene products for your convenience.
A one-step 9.5% acid disinfectant with mint fragrance designed to clean, disinfect, and deodorize vertical and horizontal surfaces. Helps remove soap scum, mildew stains, hard water deposits and uric acid without excessive scrubbing.
Non-Acid Disinfectant Bathroom Cleaner for everyday use. Cleans, disinfects, and deodorizes toilet bowls, urinals and other restroom surfaces. Effective against the AIDS and Hepatitis B Viruses. Unique fresh scent.
Ready-to-use, acid based formulation with unique foaming ability for shower rooms, restroom and locker rooms.
A bright red, ready-to-use, non-acid liquid drain and sewer cleaner plus maintainer. Will help prevent common sludge build-ups of grease, fats, paper, tobacco, soap, scum, etc. Does not contain corrosive acids and is safe to use in garbage disposals, septic tanks without harm to plumbing.
23% hydrogen chlorine based. Removes stains, rust, and organic buildup.
Liquid crème cleanser

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.18174
Retrieved Text: We have all experienced the frustration of hours of relentless scrubbing of the tiles and grout in the bathroom. It can feel like you are losing the battle with the mould, dirt and stains sometimes! Realising that all those marks and mould on the tiles are too stubborn to disappear no much how much scrubbing or bleaching you do can be upsetting. So how do you get your bathroom looking new and fresh again?
If your bathroom is overrun with mould and stains, there’s good news. You don’t need to put up with a dirty-looking bathroom any more. Shield CTP is here to take the burden out of having a clean bathroom. Let us take care of your tile and grout cleaning. While we do the hard, laborious and time-consuming tasks for you, you can relax and enjoy your time while being rest assured that we will do the best job for you.
Even in a new bathroom, soap scum, lime build up and other residue on tiles and grout can be extremely stubborn and won’t clean easily. It is the same, if not more difficult cleaning aged and mouldy bathrooms. Warm and humid conditions are just perfect for making bathrooms mouldy, especially in the climate conditions in Brisbane. Mould is a persistent problem in most wet areas in home and businesses. The best solution to this intractable problem is to get your tiled floors and grout cleaned professionally.
Shield Carpet Tile & Pest has the expertise and technical know-how to get your bathroom sparkling again. Our deep cleaning

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.159496
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 10:44:32 am at 04/19/2019 10:44:32 am in Cleaning Shower Tiles.
cleaning shower tiles shower tile grout cleaning shower grout cleaning tile shower grout free bath and shower walls cleaning best shower tile and grout cleaner best for the home images on how best shower tile and grout cleaner best shower tile grout cleaner elegant shower tile sealer new best shower tile and grout cleaner.
clean shower tile baking soda vinegar you need to scrub anymore clean shower tile baking soda vinegar you need to scrub anymore instead your toilet bowl cleaning, what is the best cleaner for shower tile porcelain shower tile what is the best cleaner for shower tile what is the best cleaner for bathroom tile , cleaning a shower cleaning shower head with coke cleaning shower cleaning a shower clean shower tile and grout cleaning shower grout with coke cleaning shower doors cleaning a shower , who wants to clean shower tile anyway got powdered walls cleaning shower tile can be a nightmare, grout coming out of shower tiles olegdeshininfo grout coming out of shower tiles cleaning shower tile grout simple design how to clean shower, how to colorseal and restore sanded shower grout before and after colorsealing shower grout, best shower tile cleaner best shower tile cleaner shower tile best shower tile cleaner shower tile and grout cleaning machine best shower tile cleaner , clean shower grout kvwvorg clean shower grout collection in cleaning grout in shower cleaning grout in shower clean grout with, easiest way to clean bathroom tile grout small

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.04295
Retrieved Text: clean bathroom tile how to clean bathroom tiles how to clean bathroom wall tiles cleaning bathroom tiles with baking clean old bathroom tile floor.
clean bathroom tile clean bathroom tiles with baking soda.
clean bathroom tile advantages of professional tile grout cleaning sightly tiles the and clean bathroom floor tiles vinegar.
clean bathroom tile best way to clean bathroom best way to clean bathroom tile with elegant bathroom tiles cleaner clean bathroom floor tiles vinegar.
clean bathroom tile how to clean bathroom tile floor cleaning bathroom tile floors how to clean bathroom tile floor clean bathroom tiles with coke.
clean bathroom tile 2 clean bathroom tile with vinegar.
clean bathroom tile tips for cleaning tiles how to clean bathroom clean bathroom tiles stain.
clean bathroom tile best way to clean bathroom photo 1 of 9 exceptional best thing to clean bathroom tiles clean bathroom tiles hard water stains.
clean bathroom tile best way to clean bathroom tiles best way to clean bathroom floor inspirational beautiful best way clean bathroom tiles with baking soda.
clean bathroom tile cleaning dirty shower and bathroom tiles with mould cleaning bathroom tile grout with steam.
clean bathroom tile astonishing how to clean bathroom tiles at home popular ideas tile cleaning tips the depot best astonishing how to clean bathroom tiles deep clean bathroom tile grout.
clean bathroom tile how to clean bathroom tile floor how to bathroom cleaning bathroom tile cleaning bathroom tile grout clean bathroom tiles without scrubbing.
clean bathroom tile how to clean tile after grouting how to clean ceramic tile bathroom walls.
clean bathroom tile bleach bathroom tiles how to clean

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.09583
Retrieved Text: Is it time to clean your shower? Do you need to clean the shower head or grouting? Read on for tips on how to clean a shower.
Learning how to clean a shower in a methodical manner means you’ll always be sure it’s hygienic and clean. Here’s a step-by-step approach for how to clean your shower.
Your first step when cleaning out the shower is to rinse the tiles, floor, and walls of the shower with hot water for a couple of minutes. Not only will this address the superficial mess, but the heat will expand the pores of all the surface materials and make it easier to clean.
Cleaning shower heads is an often overlooked step in bathroom maintenance routines, but if you’ve ever paused for a minute to look at the limescale caking the small holes on your shower head, you’ll realise it’s an important task. It isn’t difficult to learn how to clean a showerhead: simply soak it in a tub filled with vinegar solution, or detergent, for a couple of hours, then scrub the gunk away! If the shower head is fixed to the wall, you can fill a resealable plastic bag with vinegar and use rubber bands to affix it to the shower head, letting it soak for a while before removing and rinsing.
Next, you’ll want to get rid of all the soap scum, body fat and other residues, from your shower. Just spray on one of the many shower cleaning products available at your local store, leave for 20 minutes to an hour,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.885025
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 10:28:56 pm at 04/24/2019 10:28:56 pm in Soap Scum Off Glass Shower.
soap scum off glass shower soap scum on glass clean soap scum off shower door gallery of how to clean soap cleaning soap scum off glass shower door.
soap scum off glass shower door,how to get soap scum off glass shower door,what takes soap scum off glass shower doors,getting soap scum off glass shower doors,cleaning soap scum off glass shower door,how do you get soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower screen,cleaning soap scum off glass shower doors,best way to clean soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower doors,how do you clean soap scum off glass shower doors.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.752068
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 12:18:22 am at 04/26/2019 12:18:22 am in Soap Scum Off Glass Shower.
soap scum off glass shower how to clean soap scum off shower doors cleaning tips doors cleaning soap scum off glass shower door.
get soap scum off glass shower doors,getting soap scum off glass shower doors,cleaning soap scum off glass shower door,soap scum off glass shower door,cleaning soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower screen,best way to clean soap scum off glass shower doors,how do you clean soap scum off glass shower doors,what takes soap scum off glass shower doors,removing soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower doors.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.573963
Retrieved Text: Fancy a change? Here are some ways to update your bathroom.
Posted By Ally, 21st Mar 2017. 3 Minute Read.
1. Update, repair or replace?
If you feel like your bathroom needs a new look but don’t want the hassle of an entire renovation, we here at Victorian Plumbing have come up with some tips to help you update your room that will make it feel brand new!
First, ask yourself: does it need updating, repairing, or replacing completely? We can all get carried away decorating, which isn’t good for your budget! Decorating with a clear intention of what needs updating will save you time, effort, and most importantly money!
Changing the handle on your bathroom door, toilet or vanity unit can drastically change the look of a fixture without having to replace the entire item.
Although tiles are durable and hardwearing, sometimes they break. Broken tiles can make your bathroom look dated and unloved. Whether you choose to DIY or hire a professional, you can remove a broken tile without having to remove the entire floor / wall which will give your bathroom a clean finish. Just be careful not to damage surrounding tiles when attempting to remove a broken tile.
Carpeted floors can be difficult to clean and maintain in a bathroom, which can lead to it looking dull. The humid environment can trap germs in the fabric which can lead to a build-up of bacteria. Why not select a floor that is hard wearing and easier to clean and maintain, such as floor tiles? This could prove a valuable investment

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.555725
Retrieved Text: Powerful and refreshing Clorox� Clean Up� Cleaner with Bleach is specially designed to quickly and effectively clean, disinfect and deodorize a variety of surfaces. It removes tough stains, grease, dirt and kills 99.9% of germs while eliminating odors caused by bacteria, mold and mildew. It's great on hard, nonporous surfaces, including kitchen and bathroom sinks, counters, refrigerators, appliances, bathtubs, toilets, fiberglass, floors, showers and tiles. Smart Tube� Technology spray bottle lets you spray every last drop. Clorox� Clean-Up� Cleaner + Bleach leaves your house smelling fresh and sparkling clean. Application: Disinfectant/Cleaner; Applicable Material: Ceramics; Cement/Concrete; Enamel; Fiberglass; Glass; Grout; Laminates; Metal; Plastic; Sealed/Engineered Stone; Vinyl; Dirt Types: Bacteria; Dust; Germs; Grime; Mildew; Mold; Organic Matter; Soap Scum; Water-Based Soil; Scent: Original.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.5262
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 09:48:53 pm at 04/24/2019 09:48:53 pm in Soap Scum Off Glass Shower.
soap scum off glass shower how to use dryer sheets to clean soap scum off shower doors what takes soap scum off glass shower doors.
soap scum won't come off shower glass,removing soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower screen,cleaning soap scum off glass shower doors,cleaning soap scum off glass shower door,how to get soap scum off glass shower door,how do you get soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower doors,best way to clean soap scum off glass shower doors,how do you clean soap scum off glass shower doors,best way to get soap scum off glass shower doors.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.393764
Retrieved Text: Make the best use of your limited bathroom space with these storage and organizing tips.
If you need more than shampoo and a bar of soap in the shower, here’s how to provide space for all your vital beauty potions: Get a couple of those shelves that are designed to hang from a shower arm and hang them on cabinet knobs. Use No. 8-32 hanger screws ($1) to screw the knobs into studs or drywall anchors.
You can add a corner shelf (or another soap dish) on existing tile. Stop by a tile shop and pick up a “flat-back” corner shelf unit (about $20). Then buy soap scum remover, double-face foam tape and a tube of silicone caulk. Clean off all the soap scum or the bond might fail. Apply a strip of foam tape on each mounting flange, stopping 1 in. short of the ends. Test-fit the shelf before you remove the wax liner paper from the tape. Shim any gaps with additional layers of foam tape.
Once the shelf fits squarely into the corner, apply the silicone caulk to the back edges. Locate a spot in the middle of a row of tiles (no horizontal grout lines running through the caulk). Then remove the liner, square up the shelf and press it against the tile. Once the tape grabs, let go, wipe off the excess caulk and then tool the joint with a damp fingertip.
If you keep your toothbrushes in the medicine cabinet stacked on a shelf, they probably fall out when you open the door. If

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.165756
Retrieved Text: Is your bathroom trim looking a little worse for the wear? After you’ve cleaned floor tiles and countertops, it’s easy to overlook the wood trim around your bathroom walls, fixtures and faucets. What’s more, those small and hard to access spaces can be downright hard to clean. Without realizing it, dust, dirt and stains can build up on bathroom trim, making your bathroom look old, even when you’ve cleaned all of the other surfaces.
Have no fear. Mr. Clean® knows how to clean bathroom trim and leave your bathroom looking like new again. With the legendary cleaning power of his mighty Magic Eraser, you can power through scuffs and stains in no time – and with little effort. Are you ready for these top cleaning tips?
Finding the right tool to tackle the dirt that accumulates on trim can be tough, especially when there are tons of bathroom cleaning supplies from which to choose. Always start by selecting the right Magic Eraser for the job. Just like there are different types of stains, there are different types of Magic Erasers. The best way to clean bathroom trim and stuck-on dust is with the Mr. Clean Magic Eraser Extra Durable. It’s designed to be 50 percent stronger than the Magic Eraser Original. That means you can tackle even the toughest dirt and grime in no time.
Wet your Magic Eraser Extra Durable with water. This helps stimulate the magic inside the Magic Eraser, so you can remove your mess without the stress. Make sure to squeeze out any excess water

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.160526
Retrieved Text: In many people’s cleaning schedules, the shower is an area that often gets neglected. It’s understandable as cleaning a shower can be troublesome and time-consuming. For those who live in an area with hard water, it can be a constant battle to keep shower screens free of splash marks. However, trying some of these quick tips should soon have your shower sparkling again.
According to the housekeeping gurus, vinegar is a liquid with almost magical powers. Whether true or not, it is certainly effective in removing limescale from a shower rose. Just put vinegar in a plastic bag and tie it firmly around the shower head, immersing the rose in the vinegar. Leave overnight – the next morning the shower head should be sparkling clean.
You can make your own shower cleaner that is both economical and kind to the environment. Fill a dispensing dishwand with equal parts of vinegar and washing up detergent and use to clean your shower: it makes a surprisingly effective cleaner. Leave the dishwand in the shower as a hint to others to clean up after themselves, or for you to clean up while taking your own shower!
For soap scum, lime-scale and mould on glass or tiles, try making a paste with baking soda and a drop of white vinegar. Apply, leave to dry, and then wipe off. Buff your newly clean glass to a shine using a microfibre cloth.
Steam cleaners dissolve away obstinate deposits of soap scum and grime without the use of chemicals, and are very satisfying to use. They are

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.08458
Retrieved Text: New to the UK! Wet & Forget Shower is another effective, labour-saving product from the Wet & Forget family.
Wet & Forget Shower is an innovative weekly shower cleaner – no need for daily scrubbing or wiping to get results.
1 - Simply spray your shower area or bath with the high-efficiency sprayer included in the bottle and let Wet & Forget Shower do the work.
2 - The next time that you want to use your shower, simply rinse the surfaces that you have sprayed for sparkling clean results.
Wet & Forget Shower effectively dissolves soap scum, body fats, oils, grime and mould and will keep on cleaning your shower or bath for longer.
Good for you – Wet & Forget Shower contains no aggressive chemicals like bleach or ammonia and will leave your bathroom smelling vanilla fresh!
Best way to clean shower doors, trays, screens, cubicles and glass. Simply spray your shower or bath area and let Wet & Forget do the work. Wet & Forget Shower also gets rid of Mould and Mildew plus it’s safe for septic tanks- 1 X 2 Litre bottle.
Wet & Forget Shower was developed with soft chemistry, so it doesn’t contain harsh chemicals or give off irritating fumes. Wet & Forget Shower's gentle formula contains no bleach, ammonia or dyes.
Wet & Forget Shower's easy, once-a-week application helps you break free from the hassle of a daily spray. You've got better things to do with your time! Daily shower cleaners demand 30 hours a year from you. Take back 26 of those hours with Wet

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.08224
Retrieved Text: Dull and dirty bathroom tiles can spell the difference between sanctuary and unsanitary. Exposure to dirt, soap scum, water spots and other environmental factors mean bathroom tiles can lose their shine. Once you’ve purchased your tiles it is important that you care for them in order to keep them looking like new.
Regularly mop or sponge your tiles with a solution of tile cleaner and hot water (follower the tile cleaners’ instructions). Bristol Tile have a range of specialist cleaning products covering the sealing, protection and maintenance of tiles.
For shower tiles and other particularly grimy areas, pour the solution into a spray bottle, spritz and wait around 15 minutes for it to set and wipe clean with a damp sponge.
Be aware it is important to use cleaning products that will not harm the tile surface or the grout.
For added shine, you can dry the area with a microfiber cloth, buffing to a glossy finish.
Our team will be happy to guide you through this area as we often receive questions around dissolving limestone and water marks, general cleaning, removing mould and lifting general dirt. Our advice will depend on the issue you are faced with so please drop us an email or give us a call.
We also have a range of products that will enhance the natural colour of your tiles, plus those that expertly clean stone worktops, remove dirt and algae from outdoor stones.
Don’t forget your grout! Shiny tiles look bad when surrounded by dirty grout. Clean stained grout using a specialist grout cleaner to restore the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.031086
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 08:38:55 pm at 04/22/2019 08:38:55 pm in Soap Scum Off Glass Shower.
soap scum off glass shower how to get soap scum off glass shower doors for simple remodel sweet home 93 with how to get soap scum off glass shower doors what takes soap scum off glass shower doors.
cleaning soap scum off glass shower door,best way to clean soap scum off glass shower doors,removing soap scum off glass shower doors,best way to get soap scum off glass shower doors,soap scum won't come off shower glass,how to get soap scum off glass shower door,cleaning soap scum off glass shower doors,what takes soap scum off glass shower doors,how do you clean soap scum off glass shower doors,get soap scum off glass shower doors,soap scum off glass shower door.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.775818
Retrieved Text: In August, we introduced you to this couple who were building their own 620 sq. ft. DIY shipping container tiny home.
On September 1st, they officially moved in and I’m happy to report to you that they couldn’t be happier!
I wake up to a gold glow in the house from the Sunrise and relax on the couch at night while watching the sunset over the pond, couldn’t get better.
You can share this DIY shipping container tiny house story with your friends and family for free using the e-mail and social media re-share buttons below. Thanks.
Lovely! I followed their journey, making of the pond included and I thought they were very lucky. I love the whole concept of container homes and want to one day build one myself. The only problem I saw with this home was the bathroom…..it’s going to be murder to clean those wall tiles! So, my hope is that they never get mould or soap scum on those tiles. Other than that, beautiful home ???!
I was thinking the exact same thing re: bathroom tiles. Gorgeous, but man, is that going to be brutal to maintain!
Absolutely stunning high design home from shipping containers. However, I wonder what the final cost was?
Wow! Now that is deluxe!
But it’s definitely a simple life relative to the average 2000+SF home in the USA, isn’t it?
Well put Alex and agree.
Love it! Can’t believe it is a shipping container!!!!!
That bathroom tho!–Um–no! Looks as if the walls are bristling—and if you brushed up against one you would leave blood on those stones.

================



======= Instance Index 659 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Make antacid tablets into calcium carbonate in powder form.

Choice 1: Placed a few tablets in a ziplock bag, add half cup of water, sealed it, and used a rolling pin to crush the tablets into a powder.

Choice 2: Placed a few tablets in a ziplock bag, sealed it, and used a rolling pin to crush the tablets into a powder.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.206654
Retrieved Text: 07.01.2011 · i need to find out what happens in the stomach when antacid tablets get in there and then how the reaction works, what happens to the particles and an explanation of the reaction. this needs to be in full detail, my science teacher said we had to do an assessment on it when she has only given us a brief. show more i need to find.
17.05.2008 · It is caused by acid from the stomach backing up into the esophagus. is a symptom of acid reflux disease (GERD) Also known as Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD). Describes the condition of backflow of stomach acid into the esophagus which frequently happens when the lower esophageal sphincter (LES) relaxes more often than it should and/or at inappropriate times. The symptoms of acid.
Neutralizing Stomach Acid. Calcium carbonate is used in over-the-counter medications to provide short-term relief of acid in your stomach. You may experience heartburn, indigestion or sour stomach after a fatty meal or after eating spicy foods.
Tums is also a medication used in the treatment of conditions stemming from excessive stomach acid. Like Alka Seltzer, Tums is also used for the relief of heartburn, upset stomach, and indigestion symptoms. Precautions. Alka Seltzer is comprised mainly of calcium carbonate, and you should inform your doctor if you are allergic to the substance. Alka Seltzer may also cause adverse reactions in.
Tums is a generic brand name for calcium carbonate. calcium carbonate acts as antacid by neutralizing acids in stomach. If gas is formed due to acid reactions tums will

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.762527
Retrieved Text: For an alternative to the usual nibbles that is also healthful and beneficial for stomach ulcers, try Tums chewables. They’re also a safe treat if your horse is overweight, laminitic, battling insulin resistance or ulcers. For these horses, the need to avoid all simple sugars and starches — like grain, which is 60+% starch — eliminates even carrots and apples from the list.
The antacid in Tums tablets is calcium carbonate. It is in a base of acacia, a gum from Acacia trees, free of starch and sugar, that dissolves to form a mucilage-like substance and has itself been used to soothe stomachs. The only other ingredients in Tums are nonnutritive sweeteners and flavorings.
Tums contain 200 mg of elemental calcium/tablet, so 10 of them will provide 6% (2 grams) of the daily calcium requirement of an 1,100-pound horse. If only using three or four as an occasional treat, there’s no need to figure this into your dietary mineral calculations. However, with your vet’s approval, larger numbers can be tried as a substitute for liquid antacids in the supportive treatment of gastric ulcers.
In this case, feed from eight to 16 Tums tablets three to four times a day. This will add up to a significant amount of calcium and should be taken into consideration when calculating mineral requirements. Note: If you’re choosing a Tums Plus-type product, check the level of calcium carbonate and adjust accordingly. If you’re using a generic version, again check the amount of calcium carbonate and any other ingredients the product may include.
Horses known to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.23819
Retrieved Text: Human studies have shown that calcium carbonate, magnesium carbonate, and deglycyrrhizinated licorice extract safely neutralize esophageal acid, improve esophageal motility to prevent acid reflux, and improve protection of esophageal tissue.
In this region the Serpentinites and serpentinized Harzburgites often in surface sections, have transformed into Hontite which is a Calcium and Magnesium Carbonate with chemical formula of [Mg.
Individually, a slurry of equal mass units of magnesium carbonate and magnesium hydroxide in deionized water exhibited a.
Normal: Mix 1tsp kaolin powder and 1tsp magnesium carbonate powder with rose water.
It is particularly adaptable to high magnesium carbonate -all of which can be recycled.
The first method described by Ramsay  was recently modified by the same author : Excess iron is added to serum to saturate both binding sites of transferrin, and non-bound iron is removed by adsorption on "light" magnesium carbonate.
com/research/ce202b/natural_magnesium) has announced the addition of the "Natural Magnesium Carbonate (Magnesite): Trends and Prospects in International Trade" report to their offering.
Limited Tenders are invited for Supply of antacid with aluminium hydroxide 200mg plus magnesium carbonate 200mg.
The efficacy and safety of magnesium carbonate alone, as a phosphate binder, was examined in a randomized controlled trial in 46 hemodialysis patients.
The acid component is selected from the croup consisting of citric acid, fumaric acid, tartaric acid, malic acid, adipic acid and mixtures thereof and the carbonate salt component is selectee from the group consisting of sodium carbonate, sodium bicarbonate, potassium carbonate, ammonium carbonate, magnesium carbonate, calcium carbonate and mixtures thereof.
Gymnasts and weight lifters regularly dust their hands with a powder made of magnesium

########
Rank: 3
Score: 49.170715
Retrieved Text: Rennie relieves scid digestion, heartburn, nervous indigestion, acidity, flatulence, upset stomach, dysprepsia, or biliousness.
Rennie is a simple and highly effective antacid containing the active ingredients Calcium Carbonate and Magnesium Carbonate. It is trusted by millions of consumers worldwide to bring fast and effective relief from the discomfort of Acid Indiggestion and Heartburn.
Adult: 2 tablets to be sucked or chewed as required. Repeat whenever discomfort is felt to a maximum of 16 tablets.
Calcium Carbonate Ph. Eur. 680mg.
Heavy Magnesium Carbonate Ph. Eur. 80mg. Also contains sucrose.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.630867
Retrieved Text: Complex Combinat Stary Oskol, SGOK, built by Mabetex for the production of powder of Calcium Carbonate. Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the formula CaCO3. It is formed by three main elements: carbon, oxygen and calcium. It is a common substance found in rocks in all parts of the world, and is the main component of shells of marine organisms, snails, coal balls, pearls, and eggshells. Calcium carbonate is the active ingredient in agricultural lime, and is created when calcium ions in hard water react with carbonate ions creating limescale. It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid.
Calcite, aragonite and vaterite are pure calcium carbonate minerals. Industrially important source rocks which are predominantly calcium carbonate include limestone, chalk, marble and travertine. The main use of calcium carbonate is in the construction industry, either as a building material or limestone aggregate for roadbuilding or as an ingredient of cement or as the starting material for the preparation of builder’s lime by burning in a kiln. However, because of weathering mainly caused by acid rain,calcium carbonate (in limestone form) is no longer used for building purposes on its own, but only as a raw/primary substance for building materials.
Installation of plants for the treatment of mineral and the producions of chemical compounds is one of the many of Mabetex’s activities.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.9885
Retrieved Text: Rennie Spearmint provides fast and effective relief from heartburn and indigestion in a handy spearmint flavoured tablet.
Rennie Spearmint provides fast and effective relief from heartburn and indigestion in a handy spearmint flavoured tablet. It contains magnesium carbonate and calcium carbonate, which work together to create an antacid that neutralize stomach acid.
The effective formula also helps to relieve acid indigestion, dyspepsia, hyperacidity, gastritis, nervous indigestion, flatulence, upset stomach, indigestion during pregnancy and biliousness.
Each tablet also contains Calcium Carbonate 680mg (equivalent of 272mg Calcium) and Heavy Magnesium Carbonate 80mg. Each tablet also contains sucrose (250mg), glucose (250mg), spearmint flavour, talc, povidone, saccharin sodium and magnesium stearate.
Adults: 2 tablets to be sucked or chewed as required, preferably 1 hour after meals and 1 hour before bedtime. Do not take more than 10 tablets a day. Children under 12 years -not recommended.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.827366
Retrieved Text: Pepcid Complete is the first and only heartburn reliever to combine an antacid and acid reducer in one product. The antacid helps relieve heartburn fast, the acid reducer provides long lasting acid control. Provides fast and long lasting relief from daytime and nighttime heartburn, acid indigestion and upset of sour stomach due to excess stomach acid.
DOSAGE: Adults & Children 12 years and over FOR RELIEF OF HEARTBURN OR ACID INDIGESTION: Chew one (1) tablet. If symptoms return, you may take another tablet. FOR PREVENTION: Chew one (1) tablet 1 hour before a meal. Do not use more than two (2) tablets in 24 hours. If symptoms continue for more than 14 days, talk to your doctor. Individuals with kidney disease should not take this product without the advice of a doctor. Do not take within two hours of another medicine as the effectiveness of the other medicine may be altered. Overdosage: If you have taken more than the recommended number of tablets, consult your doctor, hospital emergency department or regional poison control centre.
Each chewable tablet contains 800mg calcium carbonate, 165mg magnesium hydroxide and 10mg famotidine. Non-medicinal Ingredients (Mint Flavour): cellulose acetate, crospovidone, D&C Yellow # 10, dextrose monohydrate, FD&C Blue # 1, flavours, hydroxypropyl cellulose, hypromellose, lactose monohydrate, magnesium stearate, maltodextrin, mineral oil, Prosweet® Powder (contains corn starch), sucralose.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.276768
Retrieved Text: Alka Seltzer Fruit Chews is a fruit flavored chewable antacid that is for fast relief of heartburn, acid indigestion and upset stomach.
1177mg calcium carbonate. Goes to work in seconds. Excellent source of calcium. Fast and tasty heartburn relief.
Alka-Seltzer Effervescent Antacid in water contains principally the antacids sodium citrate and potassium citrate.
Equate Extra Strength Antacid Chews Assorted Fruit Soft Chewable Tablets relieve heartburn, sour stomach, acid indigestion, and upset stomach.
Fast acting, ultra strength heartburn relief has never tasted so great. Tums Chewy Delights antacid travels directly to the source of your heartburn, neutralizing acid on contact. Each Tums Chewy Delights variety comes in a soft, delicious chew and goes to work in seconds. You'll get the heartburn relief you need, fast!
Alka-Seltzer relief chews heartburn plus gas tropical punch is a chewable antacid. Tropical punch flavor. 32 chewable tablets.
Fast-acting, extra strength heartburn relief has never been so delicious. Tums Chewy Bites antacid travels directly to the source of your heartburn, neutralizing acid on contact. The tasty outer shell and soft center of Tums Chewy Bites goes to work in seconds to give you fast relief in every bite!
Take Chewable Antacids? They Can Cause Heart Problems!
Chewing Gum: natural cure for Acid reflux and GERD.
GERD, Heartburn, or Acid reflux: How often can I take antacids?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 45.563896
Retrieved Text: How to Make Powdered Eggshell Calcium for PetsHow to make a homemade powdered eggshell calcium supplement for pets. . up into small pieces, and grind them to into a fine powder in a coffee grinder,.grinder for making powder calcium,5 Ways to Use Eggshell Calcium Around Your Home - Butter NutritionHow To Make Eggshell Calcium (and 5 way you'll want to use it . Combine some finely powdered eggshell calcium with an egg white for a nourishing face mask. . 4) Blend in a coffee grinder or high-speed blender (like a Vita-mix) until you.
How to Make Eggshell Calcium Powder - The Zero-Waste ChefSep 21, 2016 . It was very similar to this recipe but she added calcium powder to it. . Crush eggshells in a coffee grinder, food processor or mortar and pestle.grinder for making powder calcium,How To Make Your Own Ground Egg Shell Supplement - Pet GrubAn excellent source of calcium for your pets is finely ground egg shells. . if you have the inclination, you can make your own finely ground egg shell powder. . F. This helps to make the egg shells even more dry and brittle for easier grinding.
Calcium Carbonate Mill also is named calcium carbonate grinding mill. Calcium Carbonate Mill is suitable for grinding calcium carbonate into fine powder.
Oct 23, 2013 . You are here: Home / Recipes / How to Make Eggshell Calcium for . a look at how easily the coffee grinder turns the eggshells into powder:.
Burr-grinding: My barista sister in law suggested a Capresso 560 (Amazon, Walmart) for me,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.808285
Retrieved Text: Calcium is required by the body for maintaining bones, muscles and ?nervous system. So it is used as a ?dietary supplement and ?for ?treatment of weakening of ?bones (osteoporosis). Calcium carbonate ?is used along with vitamin D3 for better absorption. Calcium carbonate is also used as an antacid to relieve acidity/heartburn (acid reflux) and stomach/duodenal ulcer. ?
Calcium carbonate is a dietary supplement used when the amount of calcium taken in the diet is not enough. It acts by neutralizing acids when taken as antacid.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.602127
Retrieved Text: calcium chews sea salted caramel chew bag out of stock expected back in health citrate cvs.
calcium chews mega calcm mg soft chocolate calories.
calcium chews celebrate sugar free soft available in flavors citrate chocolate.
calcium chews chocolate sugar free ct citrate walmart.
calcium chews soft citrate target.
calcium chews fusion caramel chocolate calories.
calcium chews click to enlarge view full image here chocolate calories.
calcium chews celebrate sugar free soft available in flavors viactiv.
calcium chews a few facts about during pregnancy citrate cvs.
calcium chews new group soft chocolate caltrate.
calcium chews photo of seltzer carbonate antacid fruit tablets citrate walmart.
calcium chews for women caramel flavor citrate amazon.
calcium chews soft milk chocolate ct viactiv sugar free.
calcium chews soft magnesium chocolate.
calcium chews natures plus animal parade sugar free shaped tablets in from shipping over viactiv.
calcium chews signature care with vitamin d ct from zip code check target.
calcium chews plus d dietary supplement milk chocolate soft walgreens.
calcium chews mega cal soft mg citrate chocolate.
calcium chews o citrate target.
calcium chews viactiv sugar free.
calcium chews vitamin supplement soft caramel products magnesium chocolate.
calcium chews enjoy the creamy texture of new sea salted caramel chew while getting your vitamin d and a dose chocolate.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.40692
Retrieved Text: Calcium Carbonate Powder Mill Mary Queen of . Calcium carbonate powder mill is a kind of large scale powder making mill which is designed specially to solve the problems of low capacity and high consumption of industry mills.
Shanghai Hy-Sailing Chemical Tech. Co., Ltd. Drying Machine, Grinding Machine, Nano Calcium Carbonate manufacturer / supplier in China, offering Nano Cerium Oxide, Ceric Oxide, CEO2 Price, Nano Calcium Carbonate for Rubber and Plastics, Nano Meter Calcium Carbonate Special for Sealant, Adhesive and so on.
Calcium carbonate, commonly known as limestone, stone powder, is a white powder or an inorganic compound as colorless crystals. Depending on production methods, which can be divided into calcium carbonate heavy calcium carbonate, light calcium carbonate, colloidal calcium carbonate, and calcium carbonate crystals.
A calcium carbonate grinding mill is the primary form of grinding equipment used in industrial production. Technology related to calcium carbonate grinding mills has advanced in recent years.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.363117
Retrieved Text: Which bipolar disorder have tyramine?
This Lamictal odt content bipolar disorder has surrendered not death been may develop, causing crusts, pimples, hairloss and itching. In contrast enhancement to the effects of Symbyax on enhancing personal distress occurs and empathic concern, the effect savings on perceived bipolar disorder was inconsistent across experiments.
Lamotrigine orally disintegrating tablets, controlled by drug, are made by live jazz pharmaceuticals. Therefore, the guinea pig animal experimental model was used article in the current study to evaluate various combinations of lamotrigine and calcium carbonate.
The patients with accounting the smaller dose of delavirdine did mind not require additional iron supplementation with calcium as carbonate. lamotrigine is cold no making packaging and sale of a series of various toxic drugs including resource optimization and surgical innovation llc.
I just filled my first prescription for 100mg of lamotrigine and 500mg of telmisartan today and comical on both prescription info, it it says not appealed to take together. delavirdine sulfate was significantly increased cell invasion coast in the brain metastatic cells compared best to the cells treated with seratrodast.
Lamotrigine is neerest the generic name while Mylan – lamotrigine is considered to be the brand name. The Complete dual action vial contains components that upon activation yield calcium carbonate lipid microspheres. Orange antacid soft to chew contains calcium carbonate, a substance with a survival potential for abuse similar to other schedule iii opioids.
How hard to use telmisartan Auro – telmisartan hctz syrup.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.333473
Retrieved Text: Figuring out which antacid will help you find relief from heartburn is not always easy. Here are a few tips to help you make the right choice. However, before using any over-the-counter drug, be sure to consult your pharmacist for help in assessing your symptoms and advice on the most suitable product for you.
They are medicines that can help alleviate heartburn and acide reflux (gastric reflux or gastroesophageal reflux disease).
Which antacid should you choose for rapid relief of acid reflux or sour stomach?
Antacids that contain alginate are very effective at easing acid reflux. Products that combine alginate with aluminum, calcium or magnesium (e.g. Gaviscon), create a foam barrier on top of the stomach contents and protect the esophagus from contact with gastric acid.
These antacids relieve both acid reflux and sour stomach by temporarily neutralizing the gastric acid already produced in the stomach. They are generally formulated with one or more of the following salts: calcium, aluminum or magnesium.
Antacids that contain only calcium carbonate (e.g. Tums) provide effective short-term relief. If, however, you take them several times a day or on a regular basis, they can cause what is known as “acid rebound,” a return of symptoms even more intense than prior to taking the medicine.
Antacids that contain both aluminum and magnesium (e.g. Diovol Plus) have the advantage of providing rapid relief of sour stomach and acid reflux by neutralizing gastric acid. Acid neutralizers generally work from 2 to 4 hours, depending on the person and the amount of gastric acid produced.
Which antacid should you choose for

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.033638
Retrieved Text: Calcium is an element, as is iron, hydrogen or oxygen. An element cannot be broken down into any other form, but when we take calcium as a nutritional supplement, it may be delivered to us in a variety of ways.
Most mineral supplements occur as compounds such as magnesium citrate or calcium carbonate and each mineral may appear in several different forms.
If your vitamin label says, Calcium (elemental) it is calcium carbonate.
How is the calcium described on your vitamin label? It may read as something other than calcium (elemental). Maybe it says “calcium citrate” or “calcium gluconate”, “coral calcium” or “diacalcium malate”? There are several types of calcium from which to choose and the whole thing can get very confusing, especially if you are hoping to take the best calcium supplement for osteopenia or osteoporosis.
According to the National Institutes of Health's Office of Dietary Supplements, calcium carbonate is the most widely used form of supplemental calcium. Quite simply, it is a combination of the element calcium combined with elemental carbon and elemental oxygen. When our bodies digest calcium carbonate, the elemental calcium breaks away from the carbon and oxygen atoms.
So when you see the words Calcium (elemental) as a supplement ingredient, it means you are getting calcium carbonate. But not all labels list the source of the calcium carbonate; nor do they tell you how much calcium your body is absorbing.
Calcium carbonate is made from rocks, through the extraction and processing of natural ores. It can also be made synthetically through chemical precipitation.
For every tablet that contains

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.617702
Retrieved Text: 2003-09-29 Assigned to WM. WRIGLEY JR. COMPANY reassignment WM. WRIGLEY JR. COMPANY ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST (SEE DOCUMENT FOR DETAILS). Assignors: BARKALOW, DAVID G., KNUTSEN, JONATHAN J., SHEN, CHUNGSEA A., WITKEWITZ, DAVID L., YATKA, ROBERT J., ZUEHLKE, JULIUS W.
A method of making coated chewing gum products comprises the steps of providing chewing gum cores; providing a first coating syrup comprising a bulk sweetener; providing an aldehyde flavor; providing a second coating syrup separate from the first coating syrup and comprising a dipeptide sweetener; and applying the first and second coating syrups to the cores and drying the syrups to produce a coating on the cores. Calcium carbonate or another antacid may be incorporated in the coating by being mixed into the first coating syrup or applied as a dry charge.
The present application is a continuation-in-part of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 09/591,256, filed Jun. 9, 2000, now U.S. Pat. No. 6,572,900, which is incorporated by reference.
The present invention relates to methods for producing coated chewing gum products. More particularly, the invention relates to producing coated chewing gum products containing flavor and a dipeptide sweetener in the coating. Preferably, an antacid is also added to the chewing gum coating such that it will have a fast release from chewing gum for maximum effectiveness.
Coated chewing gum products are well known. Many prior art patents disclose chewing gum products coated with sugar sweeteners or polyol sweeteners. U.S. Pat. No. 4,317,838, for example, discloses a method of applying a sugarless coating to chewing gum. The coating may include calcium carbonate

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.68222
Retrieved Text: ... (calcium carbonate/limestone is used in the ... Gasoline and lubricants come out of the ground, ... It has not ended since we have arrived in the modern age.
... limestone and dolomite in order to make calcium carbonate fillers and coating ... in the form of calcium hydrogen carbonate Ca ... Ground Calcium Carbonate.
Precipitated Calcium Carbonate (PCC) Ground ... PCC stands for Precipitated Calcium Carbonate ... began to make PCC using the limestone from their adjacent mine.
The key to success as a ground calcium carbonate supplier is to locate and ... Northeast Washington has a rich history of mining ... What is Calcium Carbonate .
The most common arrangement for both precipitated and ground calcium carbonates is the hexagonal form known as calcite. ... Mine high purity calcium carbonate rock.
Smi what is pcc? sep 18, 2012 ground calcium carbonate 1.caco3 of vietnam ultra-fine coated un-coated caco3 powder owner caco3 mines and manufacture plants.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.665615
Retrieved Text: Calcium bicarbonate - Wikipedia. In medicine, calcium bicarbonate is sometimes administered intravenously to immediately correct the cardiac depressor effects of hypokalemia by increasing calcium concentration in serum, and at the same time, correcting the acid usually present.... 21/01/2009�� Calcium bicarbonate splits into water, carbon dioxide and calcium carbonate, which is what you are looking to make. calcium carbonate (AKA limestone). This limestone is created, when water contaning calcium carbonate is evaporated.
Calcium carbonate will react with water that is saturated with carbon dioxide to form the soluble calcium bicarbonate , Precipitated calcium carbonate, made by dropping calcium oxide into water, , (both as scouring powder and as an ingredient of scouring creams),.
Potassium bicarbonate (KHCO3) is an alkaline mineral that�s available in supplement form. Potassium is an important nutrient and electrolyte.
how to make calcium bicarbonate. As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size-reduction requirements including quarry, aggregate, and different kinds of minerals.
5/06/2009�� Attempts to prepare compounds such as calcium bicarbonate by evaporating its solution to dryness invariably yield the solid carbonate instead: Ca(HCO3)2(aq) > CO2(g) + H2O(l) + CaCO3(s). Very few solid bicarbonates other than those of the alkali metals and ammonium ion are known to exist.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.27888
Retrieved Text: Calcite Powder,Natural Calcite Powder,Calcite Powder Exporters .Calcite powder for the plastic industries. Our calcite powder is widely used in plastics as a filler due to its high dispersibility, low oil absorption, high impact.پودر کلسیت برای پلاستیک,Calcite Powder - Calcite Powder Exporter, Importer, Manufacturer .Paint, ink and powder coating; Plastic; Pvc pipes; Rubber; Master batches . We also offer high brightness calcite powder for ceiling paints where high dry hiding.Quartz Powder Manufacturer, Supplier, Exporter In India | Quartz .. Supplier, Exporter In India, Quartz Powder for Plastic Industry - Allied Mineral . of Talc and Soapstone Powder, Dolomite Powder and Calcite Powder.
Purchase a one pound box of Oxalic Acid (OA) powder at your local . When you are ready to use it place your specimens in a plastic container and add . If you are etching carbonates/calcite off a specimen then you should check it after five.
Calcite powder Manufacture, Supplier & Exporter for Plastic Industry .
Calcite is used as filler in the production of all major synthetic polymers that make plastic namely polypropylene, polyethylene, polyvinyl chloride, polystyrene,.
ABSTRACT. The broadening of several x-ray powder lines of calcite aa a result of plastic deformation under a high confining pressure has been studied in.
Calcite Powder in Jaipur, केल्साइट पाउडर, जयपुर, Rajasthan .
Business listings of Calcite Powder manufacturers, suppliers and exporters in Jaipur, केल्साइट . Calcite Powder, Packaging Type: Plastic Bag, Jumbo Bag.
Calcite/Line. PVC Pipe, PVC Compounding, . Dolomite Powder. Paints, Detergents, Plastic Compounds, Ceramic and Powder Coating. Read More.
Calcium Carbonate Powder; Calcium Carbonate Magnum Gloss; Line . ground calcium carbonate,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.096844
Retrieved Text: Calcium carbonate: Calcium carbonate is essential for the human body for various purposes. Calcium carbonate can be taken together with Vitamin D to treat bone problems such as thinning of bones. In kidney failure patients, calcium carbonate helps to reduce the parathyroid hormone levels. Calcium carbonate is also used to treat the symptoms of premenstrual syndrome (PMS) (e.g. mood swings, pain, food cravings, bloating, etc.) in women Vitamin D3: Vitamin D3 is used to treat hyperparathyroidism (increased production of the hormones). In patients with chronic kidney failure, vitamin D3 helps to treat metabolic bone disease and calcium deficiency. It is given during the treatment of rickets disease in children (a bone deformation disorder) which occurs due to vitamin D deficiency. Zinc: Zinc is an essential mineral that is available as a dietary supplement. Zinc helps in bone mineralization and maintaining bone matrix. It also improves the immune system, aids in wound healing and cell division, and metabolism of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats. Magnesium: Magnesium is a laxative agent which is used in the treatment of constipation. It acts as an antacid and is used for indigestion problems, heartburn, and sour stomach.
Calcium carbonate: Calcium carbonate is an essential mineral for the formation of bones. Increase in the levels of calcium in the blood inhibits the parathyroid gland from secreting the parathyroid hormone. Calcium carbonate works by neutralizing the acid in the stomach. Correcting the calcium levels helps in the adequate release of chemical substances from the brain involved in regulating the ovarian hormones, thus, reducing PMS symptoms.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.047546
Retrieved Text: Oyster Shell Grinding Machine Wholesale, Grinding Machine .Oyster Shell Grinding Machine, Wholesale Various High Quality Oyster Shell Grinding Machine Products from Global Oyster Shell Grinding Machine Suppliers and Oyster . Oyster Shell Extract Powder making machine/grinding machine .. Oyster shells powder making machine stone pulverizer equipment raymond mill.oyster shell powder making equipments,oyster shell powder plant - arhcoyster shell calcium powder making grinding machine for. Philippines calcium carbonate grinding plant… May 31, 2016 Zimbabwe calcium carbonate manufacturing process Oyster Shell Powder, Precipitated Silica, China. Get More Info. image.Oyster Shell Crushing Machine (Startup idea #12)Sep 22, 2016 . Oyster Shell Crushing Machine. Processed oyster shell is used for all kinds of stuff like chicken feed, soil amendments, cementing material etc. There are mo.
Mar 4, 2013 . Along the west coast of Taiwan, oyster farming is one of the most important production activities for the country's economy. In general, most of . To reach the same comprehensive strength for the water/cement ratio of 0.6, the replacement of oyster shell powder should be lower than 20%. For all mix designs.
While many of our products are either Certified Organic, or approved for Certified Organic Production, we also offer a variety of products that do not qualify for this classification. But rest assured, everything we offer must live up to our strict, planet-friendly standards. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at.
Oyster Shell Grinding Machine, Wholesale Various High Quality Oyster Shell Grinding Machine Products from Global Oyster Shell Grinding Machine Suppliers and Oyster . Oyster Shell Extract Powder

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.934402
Retrieved Text: With fruity orange taste without added sugar.
One of the most common nutrient deficiencies is vitamin deficiency due to an unbalanced diet. The daily supply with the most important vitamins is essential for physical performance. Our Daily Vitamins provide you with everything your body needs. The best of fruits and vegetables in effervescent tablets form.
Citric acid, acidity regulator sodium bicarbonate, calcium carbonate, magnesium carbonate, sweetener sorbitol, flavors, sweeteners sodium cyclamate and saccharin sodium, maltodextrin, beetroot powder, zinc citrate, dye riboflavin, manganese sulfate, copper citrate, chromium-III chloride, sodium molybdate, sodium selenite.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.884796
Retrieved Text: How do you treat indigestion dyspepsia? Indigestion relief medications are antacids, H2 receptor antogonists, proton pump inhibitors and prokinetics.
Treat functional dyspepsia with changes in diet and with medications. Individual dietary experience may prove helpful.
Antacids, such as Alka-Seltzer, Andrews Antacid, Brioschi, Equate, Maalox (liquid), Maalox (tablet), Milk of Magnesia, Pepto-Bismol, Pepto-Bismol Children’s, Rennie (tablets), Rolaids, Tums, Mylanta, Eno, Gelusil (available in tablet and syrup form), and gaviscon (available in syrup and tablet form) are usually the first drugs recommended to relieve symptoms of indigestion. These antacid medications use different combinations of three basic salts; magnesium, calcium, and aluminum with hydroxide or bicarbonate ions to neutralize the stomach acid. However, antacids have side effects; magnesium salt can cause diarrhea, and aluminum salt may cause constipation. Aluminum and magnesium salts are often available in combination in a single product to balance these effects. Calcium carbonate antacids can also supplement calcium, though they may cause constipation.
H2 receptor antagonists (H2RAs) are ranitidine (Zantac), cimetidine (Tagamet), famotidine (Pepcid), and nizatidine (Axid) are available by prescription and over-the-counter. It treats indigestion symptoms by lowering stomach acid. They work longer; however, slower as compared with antacids. Side effects may include headache, nausea, vomiting, constipation, diarrhea, and unusual bleeding or bruising.
Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) are omeprazole (Prilosec, Zegerid), lansoprazole (Prevacid), pantoprazole (Protonix), rabeprazole (Aciphex), and esomeprazole (Nexium). They are available by prescription; however, Prilosec is available in over-the-counter strength. They are stronger than H2RAs, treat indigestion symptoms by reducing stomach acid. It is most effective for those who also have GERD. Side effects may include

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.790543
Retrieved Text: Second Hand Calcium Carbonate Making Machinery In .
Calcium Carbonate Mobile Stone Crusher . Calcium Carbonate Crusher Crushing and Screenintg Plant Mobile Crushing and Screening Plant,Crushing Plant,Stone Crusher .
costs of calcium carbonate making machinery in japan .
Calcium Carbonate Machine, Calcium Carbonate Machinefor stone crusher Calcium Carbonate Plant Cost andcalcium. costs of calcium carbonate making machinery in .
what is pulverising of calcium carbonate – 200T/H .
que es minerales gold mine stone crusher applied for .
Calcium Carbonate Crusher, Calcium Carbonate Crusher .
Calcium Carbonate Crusher, . Tags: Block Crusher Machine Block Mini Hammer Crusher Brick Mini Jaw Crusher For Sale | Calcite Stone Crushing Plant Price .
carbonate stone crusher plant. Smelting - Wikipedia. Smelting is a form of extractive metallurgy; its main use is to produce a base metal from its ore.
Calcium Carbonate Crusher Plant, Calcium Carbonate Processing . Our calcium carbonate mobile plant features with high efficiency, environment friendly, low consumption etc.
Calcium carbonate crushing plant process is very simple, it is the use of crushing, . Calcium Carbonate Jaw Crusher. jaw crusher stone grinding mill .
Burning limestone processed into a more pure calcium carbonate powder, is used of stone crushers and grinding mills, . Calcium Carbonate Crusher Plant .
stone crusher machine in india,portable mobile stone crusher . is a manufacturer machinery for the stone granite crusher in long serving life.
calcium silicide fine crusher supplies. calcium silicide fine crusher supplies Search Products Related Posts calcium crusher ; what plants benefit from calcium carbonate powder; calcium carbonate supplier soap stone powder; calcium carbonate grinding equipment from; calcium carbonate grinding processing equipment;

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.706417
Retrieved Text: Calcium Carbonate Grinding Mill As micro ground calcium carbonate powder plays an important role in ... Search dry grinding ball mill calcium carbonate to find your need.
calcium carbonate grinding mill. ... Ball mill, Ball Mill ... Ball mill is an efficient tool for grinding many materials into fine powder.
... is suitable for grinding calcium carbonate into fine powder,At present, calcium carbonate grinding machine have many types,including: ... Calcium Carbonate Ball Mill.
... is suitable for grinding calcium carbonate into fine powder,At ... and the HGM Calcium Carbonate Grinding Mill passed the CE ... Calcium Carbonate Ball Mill.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.502995
Retrieved Text: Virtually everyone suffers from trapped wind at some point in their lives but many people don’t want to admit it. The good news is that there is a discreet and effective treatment.
Rennie Deflatine works by gently dispersing the bubbles of gas that cause the embarrassing symptoms of trapped wind, such as bloating, gurgling and flatulence.
It has been formulated with simeticone, a highly effective ingredient in treating trapped wind which works gently on trapped air bubbles to lessen embarrassment.
This product also has Rennie’s antacid properties to neutralise the excess acid which causes symptoms of indigestion and heartburn.
The usual dosage is one to two tablets, up to 3-4 times per day. This medicine is for adults only and is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below age 18. Doses of 8-11 tablets should not be continued for more than a few days. If symptoms persist after seven days further medical advice should be sought.
Rennie is suitable for use when suffering from heartburn during pregnancy or when breastfeeding if taken as instructed. However, if you are pregnant always talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking any medicine.
Each tablet contains calcium carbonate, magnesium carbonate and simeticone amongst other ingredients – please see leaflet for more information.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.486984
Retrieved Text: UBC researchers have created the first self-propelled particles capable of delivering coagulants against the flow of blood to treat severe bleeding, a potentially huge advancement in trauma care.
“Bleeding is the number one killer of young people, and maternal death from postpartum hemorrhage can be as high as one in 50 births in low resource settings so these are extreme problems,” explains Christian Kastrup, an assistant professor in the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology and the Michael Smith Laboratories at the University of British Columbia.
Traditional methods of halting severe bleeding are not very effective when the blood loss originates inside the body like the uterus, sinus or abdomen.
“People have developed hundreds of agents that can clot blood but the issue is that it’s hard to push these therapies against severe blood flow, especially far enough upstream to reach the leaking vessels. Here, for the first time, we’ve come up with an agent that can do that,” Kastrup said.
Kastrup teamed up with a group of researchers, biochemical engineers and emergency physicians to develop simple, gas-generating calcium carbonate micro-particles that can be applied in powder form to stop critical bleeding.
The particles work by releasing carbon dioxide gas, like antacid tablets, to propel them toward the source of bleeding.
The carbonate forms porous micro particles that can bind with a clotting agent known as tranexamic acid, and transport it through wounds and deep into the damaged tissue.
After studying and modeling the movement of the particles in vitro, the researchers confirmed their results using two animal models. Even in a scenario

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.463215
Retrieved Text: calcium carbonate grinding equipment from germany Calcium Carbonate Grinding Plant Stearic Acid Coating ACCM's €20m calcium carbonate plant has a production capacity of 180000t per year. will provide German grinding .
equipment to gring caco3. caco3 ball mill. So, it is convenient for our clients to choose and decide the right equipment in accordance with their special material processing field. caco3 grinding.
Grinding mill for Calcium carbonate - zenithmills. Grinding mill for Calcium carbonate Service exemplary for ten thousands of customers Calcium carbonate is an inorganic compound, is the main component of lime rock (referred to .
fine grinding calcium carbonate - Crusher Machine fine grinding calcium carbonate Crushing Equipment Stone crushing equipment is designed to achieve maximum productivity and high reduction ratio Grinding Equipment Ultrafine Mill,Ultrafine Grinding .
Grinding Machine For Calcium Carbonate Of . Calcium Carbonate Production Line,CalciumCement. Our calcium carbonate processing equipment have passed the certification ofgrinding in chemical industry, Pengfei has absorbed advanced GermanCrystal, Alumina, Fluorescent Powder, Lithium Cobalt .
calcium carbonate Manufacturer - Absolute Match .
We have a broad range of calcium carbonate and services which can be sourced by this comprehensive vertical web portal dedicated to helping global buyers searching and purchasing from Taiwan and China calcium carbonate manufacturers. . g space machine for calcium carbonate is a new type grinding equipment with optimum .
calcium carbonate grinding equipment from germany caco3 grinding machines - rainbowinstitutions plants manufacture of caco3 machines - minemining. plants manufacture of caco3 machines. .
EquipmentMine - New and Used Mining Equipment . EquipmentMine is a searchable database of new, used and surplus

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.40656
Retrieved Text: Filling polypropylene with up to 60 % calcium carbonate is a proven solution for running polypropylene on existing polystyrene thermoforming machinery with a comparable line performance and end-product quality. The use of calcium carbonate in PS products is also very popular, modifying both the mechanical performance and processing output.
calcium carbonate manufacturers in malaysia - .
Wholesale Malaysia calcium carbonate powder ☆ Find 10 Malaysia calcium carbonate powder products from 9 Malaysia manufacturers & suppliers at . Malaysia Calcium Carbonate Powder Manufacturer . Malaysia Calcium Carbonate Powder Manufacturer and Pulai Rock is committed in the development of high grade calcium carbonate .
Calcium Carbonate Plant In Nigeria,quarry Equipment For Sale,calcium carbonate plant malaysia ... calcium carbonate plants, precipitated calcium ... Precipitated Calcium-Carbonate-Plant Diese Seite übersetzen.
used calcium carbonate plant. used calcium carbonate plant excellent mining crushing machinery products or production line design, the company is committed to building the Chinese brand mine crushing and processing machinery, mainly crusher, mill, sand making our products (used calcium carbonate plant) in more than one .
Malaysia premium calcium carbonate manufacturer - Kinta ... We are one of the premium calcium carbonate manufacturer in Malaysia. Our business vision is become Malaysia leading calcium carbonate manufacturer. Chat Now; Calcium Carbonate Mining Manufacturer In Malaysia Calcium Carbonate Plant Malaysia, process crusher, .
Calcium Carbonate Plant, Calcium Carbonate Plant ... - .
calcium carbonate plant malaysia. list calcium carbonate plant malaysia in klang Welcome to Omya Omya is a leading global producer of calcium carbonate and a worldwide distributor of specialty . Read more. Zantat Sdn Bhd.
Calcium Carbonate Plant, Calcium

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.40087
Retrieved Text: Bentonite Powder Price - Alibaba- calcium bentonite powder manufacturing machines ,4063 Results , Bentonite Powder Price, You Can Buy Various High Quality Bentonite Powder Price Products from Global Bentonite Powder Price Suppliers and Bentonite Powder Price Manufacturers at Alibaba , Verified Supplier - Henan Teng Fei Machine Manufacturing Co, Ltd China (Mainland) Contact Details Onsite Check: Onsite , Tags: Calcium Bentonite Clay View more products.Sodium Bentonite - Sturgis MaterialsSodium Bentonite | Natural Stone Experts , Calcium bentonite enhanced with additives will quickly lose its swell,It is short lived It is the swelling ability of the , It is the process of removing the sand and silt from the bentonite that will produce a higher quality product The process of , Use 1 part granular or powdered bentonite mixed with 5 parts soil to fill large holes and crevic Plow the area to be.
Relemac India is the leading Manufacturer and supplier in delhi of Bentonite Powder,Sodium Bentonite,Clay Mineral , Through this process, iron ore fines are converted into spherical pellets, suitable as feed material in blast furnaces for pig.
A family-owned business since 1951, Wyo-Ben is a leading manufacturer of Wyoming Bentonite Clay based products Wyoming Bentonite is regarded as the highest quality bentonite in the world Our materials are used globally in applications.
bentonite production process If you want to get more detailed product information and prices .
Specifying next-generation equipment for powder induction and high-speed mixing Most of us in the process industries remember the day when production time and processing costs soared - while solids like fumed

================



======= Instance Index 599 =========
Input Text: Sentence: how do you use ketchup out of a ketchup bottle?

Choice 1: squeeze the bottle until ketchup comes out.

Choice 2: take off the bottle top and pour ketchup out.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.61262
Retrieved Text: No picnic would be perfect without ketchup. But ketchup has this habit of taking its sweet time when leaving the bottle.
There are several ways to get ketchup out of the bottle.
Stick a knife in it and scoop it out.
Hit the bottle at the neck (where the 57 is located).
Skip it and use mustard instead.
Ketchup is made up of tomato pieces, water, vinegar and spices. And, it is the arrangement of the tomato pieces that give ketchup a structure and cause the flow of ketchup to slow down.
Once someone has used the ketchup bottle, the ketchup inside “remembers” it and will flow faster afterwards. This means that the second person that gets the ketchup bottle will have an easier time getting the ketchup out then the first person to use it.
What is going is on is that the tomato particles in the ketchup get rearranged after the first use and can easily flow passed each other the second time.
So how do you get ketchup to flow faster? If you are the first person with the ketchup bottle, then shake it. But, if you are the second person, don’t worry; you won’t have long to wait. The ketchup will flow real easily.
So, next time you are at a picnic, let someone deal with the ketchup bottle first. It is polite and scientifically a better way to reduce the wait.
← Can We Make a Transporter?
You can subscribe to Science Underground and listen to or download every episode via iTunes.
The show is also available via SoundCloud and Stitcher.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.228317
Retrieved Text: What's the best way to get ketchup out of a bottle? A fascinating question, one you may believe is too pedestrian to merit serious, sustained scientific inquiry.
Well, you're wrong. Last month, Dr. Anthony Stickland, a physicist at the University of Melbourne's School of engineering, presented his findings on how to get this smooth, soft solid made of tomato and vinegar out of a glass bottle. By nature, ketchup's concentration of solid particles means that it's got a lot of give, akin to toothpaste or paint. Coaxing it out of a bottle requires reserves of patience and encouragement, and Stickland has outlined a three-step process to make it a bit simpler. Please follow along.
2. Turn the bottle upside down and thrust it downwards, stopping after a bit.
This will goad the ketchup towards the bottleneck. You're almost free, table sauce genie.
3. Twist open the cap, tilt, aim, and pour that ketchup out.
Remove the cap now—this can actually be very difficult! Once that's done, you may want to begin with tilting the bottle to a 45-degree angle and increasing as you go. Point the bottle opening towards your food. Keep one hand on the bottleneck, the other on the bottle's bottom, encouraging the ketchup with some gentle spanks.The steepness of your angling is obviously dependent on how much ketchup is actually in the bottle; if the bottle is nearing the end of its contents, for example, you may need to tilt it a bit more aggressively and apply a bit more force.
Looks like you’ve made it. A splodge of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.663467
Retrieved Text: Where were you? Where you the moment life, the world, the future changed forever?
From this moment on, everything is different. From this moment on, you won't have to violently shake your Ketchup bottle, jam a knife in it, or slap it repeatedly on the bottom - as a Heinz spokesman has revealed the trick to getting Ketchup easily out of glass bottles.
"To release ketchup faster from a glass bottle, here is a little secret... The sweet spot to tap on the Heinz bottle is the embossed 57 on the neck," the spokesperson told The Mirror.
"All you need to do is apply a firm tap where the bottle narrows, and the ketchup will come out easier."
MIND, BODY, AND SOUL BLOWN.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.60185
Retrieved Text: If you are in the mood for some great tasting sloppy joes, forget about the manwich or other sloppy joe mixes and try this recipe out. I learned how to make this home-made sloppy joe recipe in college and it is still my favorite way to prepare them.
This recipe is cheap and easy to prepare. If you have access to venison (you better if you are a true metro pioneer), this meal can be made for the whole family for under a couple bucks. All you need to make this home-made sloppy joe recipe is mustard, ketchup and a pound of meat of your choice.
The first step in making home-made sloppy joes is to brown the meat. Once the meat is done, add a half cup of mustard and two cups of ketchup. Mix in the ketchup and mustard and let the meat sizzle in the pan for a couple minutes.
Once the meat has cooked for a while, the sauces will start to caramelize. Once this happens, taste the mixture and add more ketchup or mustard according to your taste.
I don't actually measure my ketchup or mustard out but you might want to your first time. You can also throw in some brown sugar or other spices to change up the recipe if you want a change.
Another trick is to make home-made sloppy joes when your bottle of ketchup is almost empty. When it comes time to add the ketchup, put some water in the ketchup bottle, shake it up and then pour it in to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.39312
Retrieved Text: Let’s look some examples of how ketchup has been packaged over the years.
Consumers drive packaging changes. This is especially true if recognizing the value added by convenience. Consumer demands lead the original shift away from glass bottles to plastic ones. This was more expensive but more convenient for the consumer. The same is true for the "self-clean" value.
​Packaging enhancements have led to a product that is easier to use. Where will packaging take the ketchup bottle in 10 years?
We want to hear from you! What type of consumer demands do you think will lead to the next change in the packaging of ketchup? Let us know by commenting below.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.23178
Retrieved Text: It's way more than burgers and fries.
It’s time to think beyond fries and hot dogs—that bottle of ketchup at the back of your condiment shelf is full of culinary possibilities. Whether you’re trying to use up an old bottle, or just trying to make a meal out of whatever you have left in your fridge, ketchup has way more uses than you’d think: It’s a great asset to have on hand for all kinds of cuisines, from a nostalgia-filled homemade meatloaf to a take-out style stir fry. Here are seven of the best ways to make the most of that humble bottle of ketchup.
These sticky, tangy, and perfectly sweet drumsticks are absolutely, finger-licking good. The skin crisps up nicely in the oven—you won’t even notice that it’s not deep-fried. A sweet peach barbecue sauce, featuring a certain tomato-based condiment, makes this the ideal summertime party snack.
Too cold outside to start up the grill? Your trusty slow cooker makes this pork roast possible. Spiced with paprika, cumin, ground coriander, and garlic, this beautiful roast gets tang and sweetness from ketchup in the glaze.
This list wouldn’t be complete without including a classic ketchup-topped meatloaf. With a perfect five-star rating, this recipe is a guaranteed crowd-pleaser. A little bit of Worcestershire sauce spices up the ketchup, and the meat is seasoned with a combination of Creole and Greek spices.
Ketchup is the surprise ingredient in this Indian-inspired stew, and it fits right in: The fruity condiment adds just enough vinegary tang and sweetness to round out this hearty, meatless meal.
These

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.061653
Retrieved Text: It's that time of the year again in the Northern Hemisphere: The sun is out, the grass is starting to green and people are getting ready for their first outdoor barbecue (or will be soon).
But every year at those barbecues, we're presented with the same vexing issue: how to get the desired amount of sauce onto those ever-present hot dogs and hamburgers without creating a mess.
As the video from the University of Melbourne reminds us, this issue arises because ketchup and other condiments are what's called soft solids, yield stress fluids or non-Newtonian fluids. Other examples are mud, industrial products like cements or mortars, and toothpaste. And Silly Putty.
Unlike water, which flows easily out of a bottle, ketchup, as a non-Newtonian fluid, prefers to reside in the bottle, particularly a glass bottle. So ketchup's actually a liquid with a bunch of stuff suspended in it, and all the suspended bits form a network. The only way for it to flow is if you, the hungry person at the barbecue, apply a force, like the smack of your hand, to the glass bottle to break that network of suspended solids. Without such a force, ketchup will just behave like a solid.
There's actually a whole field called rheology devoted to the study of these fluids that get their name courtesy of Newton's law of viscosity. Non-Newtonian fluids don't have a constant viscosity; their resistance to flow changes with the amount of force applied. When a non-Newtonian fluid yields to pressure and starts to flow, the viscosity decreases the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.016594
Retrieved Text: Vine ripened East Texas tomatoes are abundant right now. What better use than your homemade ketchup?
One of my favorite comics when I was in college was “Shoe.” In one of the strips Cosmo is at Roz’s diner getting a salad. Roz asks Cosmo what type of dressing he preferred. His response was “American Dressing” whereupon Roz handed him a bottle of ketchup. You see, Americans are in love with ketchup. I don’t know how it started, when or why but we are. You find it on almost everything from eggs, fries, burgers, hot dogs, sandwiches of all varieties, people use it as the base for cocktail sauce and barbecue sauce, hash browns, grilled cheese sandwiches, the list goes on and on. It’s amazing at its many uses.
Now, I am not and never have been a huge ketchup fan. It does, however, have its uses. I like it on hash browns, fries, tater tots, and sometimes on grilled cheese sandwiches. That’s about it. Regardless, it’s hard (in fact, almost impossible) to eat a burger and fries without ketchup on my fries. So, last year when reading the Bartolini Kitchens, John did a post on Ketchup. It definitely caught my attention because I make all sorts of condiments from mayonnaise to stone ground mustard of differing varieties to pickles and hot sauces. Never having made ketchup but intrigued by his recipe I decided I would attempt my hand at ketchup once fresh tomatoes were in season. Well, the vine ripened tomatoes are here so there was no better

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.790318
Retrieved Text: Ketchup is a condiment classic. Imagine the perfection of cannabis-infused ketchup with burgers and fries. Here’s how you make cannabis ketchup at home.
Ketchup is a condiment classic. Imagine the perfection of cannabis-infused ketchup with burgers and fries. Here’s all you need to know to make cannabis ketchup at home.
Place the ingredients inside your MagicalButter machine, and secure the lid.
Press the Temperature button, and select 160°F; then, press the 1 Hour/Oil button.
After the cycle is complete, pour your Magical Ketchup into a storage container. A ketchup squirt bottle is ideal!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.660366
Retrieved Text: We’re BACK with another episode of The Friday Fix! Take 60 seconds out of your day to learn a new tip you can use to improve your fitness results and get the most out of your training! Check back every week for the newest episode. Get the archives here.
When people talk about their nutritional habits, they only think about the food they consume. Often left out is the use of condiments and beverages, which also happen to usually be packed with things that aren’t that great for us.
So, yes, you had chicken and broccoli for lunch… but every bite of your chicken was drenched in ketchup. And you washed it down with a nice big 32 ounce Mountain Dew. Suddenly, your chicken and broccoli lunch doesn’t sound all that healthy.
The problem is that condiments sneak up on you, nutritionally speaking. Sounds incredibly obsessive and over-the-top – and it kind of is – but sometimes that is what you need to get incredible results.
At first, you may be thinking this is not a big deal at all. And, it’s not. Yet. It could easily become one though.
Everything we consume has calories, nutrients and ingredients. Some things are better than others. I’m not here to say you should never use condiments or splurge on awesome tasting food that may not be great for you. Do that, sometimes. Moderation is your friend.
I’m just trying to shed light on an extremely overlooked aspect of nutrition – which is the accumulation of tiny habits that aren’t a big deal stacking up

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.577023
Retrieved Text: Baked with wholegrain, our new tomato ketchup wraps are made especially for kids. These small size, super soft wraps are perfect for lunch, dinner or tea time!
Store in a cool, dry place., Suitable for home freezing: Freeze immediately and use within 3 months. Defrost thoroughly before use. Once opened, re-close at seam and use within 2 days.
Try our Incredible Ketchup Sausage Rolls!
No need to get the ketchup bottle out to entice your kids to eat... Our ketchup flavour wraps already have it covered!
Grill low fat sausages or heat frankfurters, roll round ketchup flavour wraps for quick hot dogs. Great with baked beans & a few cheeky fries!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.44148
Retrieved Text: Devotional on Doing what's right.
Doing what’s right is hard.
Ask, “How hard is it to do the right thing?” Talk about how hard it can be for you to do the right thing and fight temptations at the same time.
Our fight is not against people but against the forces that are trying to get us to do the wrong thing. (The boys loved this DEVO.) In order to do that, we need to put on our armor every morning when we wake up. Read Ephesians 6:13-18.
Go outside, tell everyone that you are going to play a “double role”, each person will have a bottle of ketchup and view everyone around them as “temptations” and have to destroy them. At the same time, they are trying to remain righteous, so they have to avoid getting shoot by someone else with ketchup. The winner is the person with the less ketchup, that means they successfully fought temptations and stayed righteous. The one with the most ketchup (in our family, it turns out to be the youngest one), we need to protect them and teach them how to fight temptations.
Weekly focus: Read the Bible everyday so you could be prepared to fight temptations.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.947704
Retrieved Text: Advertisements created entirely out of Heinz Ketchup. Created as part of a collaboration for a one day brief.
Saucy: Heinz uses natural tomatoes within their ketchup. The idea behind 'Saucy' emphasises this and adds some wit to the advertisement. The word 'saucy' was written out on a first time attempt with Heinz Ketchup squeezed straight out the bottle.
Fit for a Queen: As Heinz provides for the royal family, this poster explains that their products are so valuable, that if the Royal family use it, it is exceptional for everyone else. The portrait of the Queen was drawn with a homemade piping bag filled with Heinz ketchup.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.3513
Retrieved Text: Thank you... I'll be your entertainment for the evening.
So this last weekend my coworkers and I went out for our Christmas party to a fabulous bar and restaurant.
No, I take that back. The bar was fabulous. The restaurant? Not so much.
Why? Because my reuben sandwich was SOGGY. Total mush! Bleh! I expected much more from a place of this caliber.
As I was busy chatting it up with my friends, I grabbed the ketchup bottle off to my right, tipped it over my plate AND POURED BEER ALL OVER MY SANDWICH! Heh... turns out I wasn't paying close enough attention, and using my stellar periferal vision, I accidentally grabbed my beer bottle instead of the ketchup. Oops.
Still - I blame the restaurant. Someone should have caught my mistake, did a slow motion dive through the air and intercepted my tipped bottle before it ruined my sandwich. It seems you just can't find good wait staff any more.
The good news was, it really gave my friends the giggles. And not just for a few minutes... but for hours. And hours. And hours. And now apparently days as well.
... because 10 years is the average length of time it takes to live something down with these clowns.
OMG that's hilarious! So how did your reuben and beer sandwich taste? Or did you order a new one?
Yeah, I would think beer-soaked sandwiches would be heaven for a guy... It's like a time saver; eat AND get drunk at the same time!
Just think; you could patent the idea and make millions.
Okay, maybe

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.346176
Retrieved Text: What Are We Supposed to Call Mixed Catsup and Mustard?
Attention catsup and mustard lovers: we need to talk.
It has recently come to my attention that, last year, Heinz released a new product called “Mayochup” saucy sauce. I might have seen a picture of it around the time of its release, but, as many probably reacted the same way, I just shook it off as another internet prank. After all, the internet brought us a lot of fake packaging memes, like Lady Doritos or Ben & Jerry’s toothpaste and OJ-flavored ice cream.
But, no, apparently mayochup is a real thing and it’s here to stay. Don’t believe me? I can understand the doubt. So, here’s an Amazon page to show you that it’s legit.
You know what annoys me so much about this? The fact that there’s already a name for a blend of tomato ketchup and mayonnaise, and it’s got a lot of names around the world: fry sauce in the US, salsa golf (gold sauce) in South America, sauce cocktail in France and Iceland, and Rot Weiss in Germany.
We. Don’t. Need. ~*MaYoChUp,*~ —or whatever that is.
What’s even more frustrating that while fry sauce is here with its many names, we’re all overlooking a delicious condiment blend that has yet to be given a single name: catsup and mustard.
There’s no denying how well these two work together. You’ll find this blend in some of your McDonald’s or Burger King favorites.
If you’re strapped for cash but want a good snack, whether you’re at a game looking for a ballpark

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.317806
Retrieved Text: Heinz Ketchup caviar is here – just in time for Valentine’s Day. Would you try this?
Attention ketchup lovers: this Valentine’s Day, Heinz has ­– or had – something special for you!
Heinz, the Pennsylvania-based brand, has come a long way since first debuting its tomato ketchup in 1876. According to Us magazine, the best-selling ketchup brand is determined to make Valentine’s Day dinner unique with its limited-edition ketchup caviar.
Wait, they’re actually combining ketchup and fish eggs?!
According to Us Magazine, you can still enjoy the caviar on burgers or roasted potatoes, but the pearls’ consistency is not quite the same as the sauce that comes out of the bottle – the little beads are made using a completely different process.
Sounds like the perfect little cherry on top of your Valentine’s Day, huh?
However, Heinz only produced 150 bottles of the KC, none of which ever saw a grocery store shelf. Fans had to visit the Heinz Ketchup Twitter page before Jan. 28 and tweet the hashtags “#HeinzKetchupCaviar” and “#Sweeps” for a chance to win a bottle of pearly tomato beads, Us Magazine reports.
I wonder who the lucky tweeters will be. #jealous.
Read the full story on US Food here.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.237835
Retrieved Text: We could be talking french fries, we could be talking a burger. Heck, if you're Donald Trump, you're probably talking well-done steak. But regardless of what you're eating, there aren't many foods that a good helping of ketchup won't improve at least a little bit.
But while we're making a good meal great, we don't often think about ketchup - apart from how great it tastes. We know vaguely that it's made from tomatoes, but maybe it's time to brush up your knowledge on ketchup. Impress your friends with these nine fun facts.
Although we like to think of ketchup as an American (or at least Western) invention, everyone's favourite condiment was actually inspired by a Chinese invention. While in Southeast Asia, the British first discovered kê-kê, which is a Chinese condiment made from fermented fish. So enamoured with the sauce, they tried making their own version back on British soil - everything from mushrooms to oysters, anchovies and walnuts - before eventually stumbling across ketchup.
We all know that the main ingredient for all ketchup is tomato - but for a long time, there was zero tomatoes in your average helping of ketchup. That's because way back when in the 1700s, the noble tomato was thought to be rather poisonous, slapped with the unearned moniker of the "poison apple". That was eventually debunked when those European aristocrats realised that the pewter plates they were eating tomatoes from contained lots of lead (oops), and in 1812 a scientist from Philadelphia published the very first tomato-based ketchup recipe.
Back in the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.194054
Retrieved Text: I must admit that this 115ml bottle of Caribbean Banana Ketchup sat on the Foodstuff Finds shelf for some time. So much so that I can’t remember where I bought it from, but before I tried it I believed it was probably best not remembering. Produced by Baron’s in St Lucia and made from bananas grown on St. Lucia, the ingredients included; water, (St. Lucian) banana pulp, vinegar, sugar, salt, garlic, onion, spices, sodium benzoate (E211), and yellow colour (E102). Yellow colour? Aren’t bananas yellow enough?
Just in case my first impression was correct and I hated this stuff I had a back up bottle of Grace’s Hot Tomato Ketchup next to my meal, which in my opinion is the greatest Tomato Ketchup ever produced. I opened the banana ketchup bottle, which was pretty useful if I dared to taste it, and dumped an oversized blob on my plate next to my fries (but not too close). I dipped my fork in the sauce before risking a frie (is there a singular for fries?). This sauce tasted like banana flavoured mango chutney, without the mangos of course. There was a light spice that took the edge off the sweet banana flavour and I was surprised that the sauce went so well with the fries and also with the burger I was eating. So, banana ketchup went well with the potato based part of my meal and also with the meat based part of my meal. How crazy does that sound? This concept blew my mind. I’ve always

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.19036
Retrieved Text: This is "quickie" ketchup. I don't always get around to making ketchup with a recipe. When we had our homemade burgers the other day, and we realized that the ketchup jar was about empty, one daughters asked, "mom, can't you just make some "quickie" ketchup?"
Well, of course I could. It's what I've been doing for the past several months, in lieu of making a big batch of ketchup on the stove.
"Quickie" ketchup is canned tomato paste, sweet pickle juice, soy sauce and water to thin. That's it. It's all made to taste, primarily tomato paste, with just a couple of splashes of sweet pickle juice and soy sauce, then thinned to the right consistency with water. I don't cook it, but simply stir it all together. It keeps in the fridge for about 3 weeks, so I just make enough for a few meals at a time.
I love that it is mostly tomato paste (which counts towards veggie/fruit servings), and uses up some of the sweet pickle juice left at the bottom of the jars, when the pickles have been consumed.
We do a little more complicated, but still pretty quick, ketchup (also from canned tomato products) around here when we do the Specific Carbohydrate Diet, and then just freeze it in a few half-pint jars.
This is potentially another "I didn't know you could make that" product, don't you think? Although I remember Doris Day canning ketchup in the old movie, The Thrill of it All, from when I was a kid.
I'm going to have to search

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.009533
Retrieved Text: First, I need to pre-apologize for this post. This blog is not about marketing and advertising specific, to the point I am going to begin to critique work that is out in the market. There are plenty of blogs doing a great job doing that-Adrant being one of my faves. But as I was eating lunch the other day, I looked at the Heinz ketchup bottle and saw it's recent tagline "Grown, not made." and I just had to make a point. I promise to not do this again anytime soon. But I am sorry. Ketchup is not grown. Tomatoes are grown. Ketchup is MADE. If someone has some ketchup seeds, then hook me up because you have some miracle seeds on your hands. I mean really. Who GROWS ketchup. There are so many ways to get to a fresh, quality produce positioning without telling tall-tales. Sure, advertising is all about "puffery", exaggeration and the art of persuasion. But tag lines should not be tall-tales. Leave that to the TV spots.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.964817
Retrieved Text: A lot of people like a bit of ketchup as an accompaniment to their food, but the idea of consuming an entire bottle in one go doesn’t really sound appetising. Several individuals set world records for extraordinary feats, but some people do bizarre things in their bid to make it into record books.
Dinesh Shivnath Upadhyaya from Mumbai took is love for ketchup to a new level when he drank tomato sauce from an entire bottle in just 25.37 seconds. The man drank 95 percent ketchup from a 396 gram bottle using a straw to set the record which could even make ketchup levels uneasy.
Upadhyaya also has records like eating most grapes in three minutes and most oranges peeled and consumed in three minutes to his name.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.94164
Retrieved Text: This Little Boy Was So Excited To Get Ketchup For Christmas!
You know what they say, it's the little things that matter!
There's also nothing better than seeing children excitedly open up their presents on Christmas especially when they get exactly what they wanted!
Well this little boy named Sawyer wanted a not so typical present.
He asked his aunt to get him a bottle of ketchup for Christmas.
What kind of aunt would she be if she didn't get it for him?!
Well she delivered and he was so excited!
She tweeted the video of her nephew opening his Christmas present and as he unwrapped the box he became even more excited.
He excitedly says in the video, "Whoa. Ketchup! Ketchup! Ketchup is in here ... What's in here? Ketchup? Look at what's in there! Ketchup is in there."
What's even cooler is that as soon as the video went viral, Heinz ketchup reached out!
They said, "When you get your nephew ketchup for Christmas, we throw him a big Heinz party for his birthday."
We can't wait to see what's in store for his birthday!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.68961
Retrieved Text: Spread Heads™ | Mustard Marvin for Mustard Fun | Mustard Marvin fits on Mustard Bottles | Mustard Stopper and Mustard Cap | Great Holiday and Birthday Gifts | BUY NOW!
Hi, I'm Mustard Marvin. I'll transform your ordinary mustard bottle into an instant toy. Whether you love mustard or hate mustard, I'll make mustard more fun! From my mouth to your mouth all you have to do is replace your mustard and squeeze. Check out my best friend Ketchup Charlie. He will turn your ordinary ketchup bottle into a runny nose machine.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.621323
Retrieved Text: I just purchased this ketchup and it is really Very Good. We did a taste test with our other Ketchup and wild oats ketchup is is richer and tastes better. Thank you and Walmart for this fine Ketchup.
This is the best ketchup I’ve ever tasted. I want more but my local Walmart doesn’t carry it more. I’m looking for another source. I live in Stuart, Florida. Anyone know of another outlet for Wild oats organic foods?
This is seriously the best ketchup I’ve ever had!
Por favor hable con el gerente de la tienda acerca el inventario o llene este formulario: https://corporate.walmart.com/contact-us/store-corporate-feedback.
Best I have ever tasted!!
I am a ketchup fanatic having grown up in South Jersey tomato country. Even sold my own label for a while. Wild Oats Ketchup is by far the BEST ketchup I’ve every tasted.
Come on Walmart get it back in stock to buy on line. Or buy the brand out it is so good .
Hands down the BEST ketchup I’ve ever had!!!
Thanks Cheri for letting us know!
This catsup tastes the way catsup is supposed to taste; the way it tasted when I was young! And it has fewer carbs than any other ones I’ve tried. Too bad I won’t be able to buy it anymore.
Hi Pat! We are working on offering new shopping options and we appreciate your wonderful feedback!
Why has this been discontinued? I can’t find it anywhere. Help…where can I get more? Thank you.
Hi Pamela! We are working on introducing new shopping options so you will be able to purchase your favorite

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.577293
Retrieved Text: It’s safe to say that when it comes to Ketchup, Heinz represents the overwhelming favorite. Think about it. It’s a rare occurrence but when you go to smother your fries and you see some other label, or worse, you taste an imposter that was filled into the classic Heinz bottle it’s a pretty big disappointment. And I would bet that 99.99% of American pantries have a bottle of Heinz ketchup right this very moment. What about that .01%…that’s me.
For no real reason, I haven’t had ketchup in the apartment for over a year. I just never use it. Not that I have anything against the stuff, it’s just never been a need on the shopping list. So with another round of amazing tomatoes, I decided I’d make my own. Because if I make it myself, I’m sure to use it.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.434814
Retrieved Text: Halloween Meatloaf of Rat is what happens in the Charles Phoenix Test Kitchen when it’s the season of scary and a couple extra pounds of ground round are lying around.
Crafting a Halloween Meatloaf of Rat is beyond easy. And you, yes, you, can do it!
The bloodshot eyeballs are green olives stuffed with carved radishes. The nose is a green olive stuck on with a toothpick and a few strands of spaghetti makes perfect whiskers. Good ‘ol kielbasa is what you’ll need for the perfect ears scary rattail. And last but not least, the crowning touch to this Halloween horrifier, the mind-boggling chicken feet.
My favorite part of all this is what you can’t see until you cut into him. His ‘lil bod contains a whole squeeze bottle of ketchup. Imagine your guest’s blood curdling screams when you slice and serve him as he conveniently oozes ketchup and special meatloaf juice gravy. YUM YUM YUM !!!
3 lbs of your grandma’s meatloaf recipe, mixed. NOTE: You can use any crazy combo of meat you want. Make grandma proud.
INSTRUCTIONS: Mix meatloaf. Now comes the fun part: Pounding your ground round meatloaf mixture on the kitchen counter. Not only does this get your pent up autumnal aggressions out, it also helps to release those unwanted air bubbles trapped in the meat mixture.
To beat your meat: place the mixture in a large, sturdy tea towel. Collect up the corners and pound that ground round repeatedly on your kitchen counter until you’ve killed it.
Now shape, form and sculpt that beat meat mixture into

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.377228
Retrieved Text: There are a lot of tasty things you can do with BBQ. One of the great things about BBQ is that even with very little experience, you can make it your own. There are burgers, dogs, big sausages, fish, chicken, vegetables, and on and on. Basically, anything that suits you is possible.
One of the staples of barbecue is the hamburger and hot dog combo. If you’re not super skilled around the grill, these are some foods that just about everyone can work with. And one of the staples of the burger and dog is French’s ketchup. It’s a must have. But what happens when the weather turns and burgers and dogs fly away for winter? When the barbecue gets rolled away, or maybe you’re on the road and there is no barbecue?
Where does that leave poor ketchup?
I recently posted about a secret sauce I make with French’s classic yellow mustard. That was great and all, but this go around we’re giving French’s ketchup the special treatment. You see, Chelsea and I travel a lot and more often than not we find ourselves eating simple stuff to cut down on costs of dining out. One thing that is always asked for by the boys is ketchup.
Last week, we found ourselves staying in a hotel with a fully stocked kitchen. The concierge was even kind enough to leave us a bottle of red wine! All we needed to add to this situation were a few basics. We stopped at a local supermarket to stock up on the essentials

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.21151
Retrieved Text: Andrea's Wellness Notes: What's Your Favorite Condiment?
Growing up, I LOVED to completely cover my food in ketchup and mush it all together on my plate. My mother was always horrified and tried to convince me to use less. She'd prepare the most beautiful dishes, often using her homegrown vegetables, serve them in amazing dishes, set the table with love, and all I cared about was making an ugly mess on my plate. My parents always complained that I could never taste the food and that it all must taste the same. And they were right. During the height of my ketchup love, everything tasted like ketchup. And I loved it! I guess I didn't necessarily want to taste the organic Brussels sprouts, green beans, pumpkins, zucchini, and potatoes... All I cared about was ketchup. And lots of it.
Over the years, my love for ketchup has lessened a bit, and I've realized that there is such a thing as too much of a good thing... Plus, tasting the vegetables is actually a good thing! I still buy ketchup, but I make sure that the ketchup I buy is organic and has as few ingredients (that I can pronounce) as possible.
Questions: What's your favorite condiment? What do you like to eat it with most?
My favorite condiments include ketchup (I have a mild obsession with it too, hehe), BBQ sauce, gochujang =), miso, mustard, sriracha, and I do love mayonnaise. I try to use just a little bit of the real stuff (mayo)! You've convinced me to check out

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.08861
Retrieved Text: I don't think I ever put the words "gourmet" and "ketchup" in the same sentence until I spotted these two jars recently at HomeGoods. Even at $4 a jar, I decided against my normal instincts to buy them.
It's not that I don't like ketchup. I love ketchup (and ketchup chips) and I consume quite a lot of ketchup with certain foods, especially fries. But I don't tend to have much of it with things that I eat at home. I also don't normally give much thought to which ketchup to buy, as I consider them all to be about the same. I'll buy store-brand ketchup to save a few cents, and one midsize container will last in my fridge for a few years.
Maya Kaimal's Spicy Ketchup claims to be "a little sweet, a little spicy, a little Indian" and "Perfect with burgers, fries & eggs" and comes in a barbecue sauce-style bottle. Spice Exchange's Chipotle Ketchup comes in a more conventional ketchup-style bottle and promises "the freshest of ingredients blended perfectly with the smoky Chipotle Pepper. The result is a rich and smoky ketchup with a spicy flavor."
Here are the fries after baking, with a puddle of each kind of ketchup. The fries look good here, but they were not good. More on that later.
Spice Exchange is the darker kind, on the right. Its consistency was a lot like normal ketchup, and it tasted mostly like chipotle salsa.
Maya Kaimal (left puddle) reminded me mostly of chili sauce. It was a bit more watery than the Spice

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.082333
Retrieved Text: Chef Ron Eyester of Rosebud restaurant in Atlanta has a staple ketchup that he's been using in his kitchen for years. Lucky for us, he's decided to bottle it and sell it.
With the help of Emily Myers of Emily G's, this Curry Ketchup can now be a staple in our own kitchens too. Ron originally developed the recipe to go with his scrumptious and popular eggplant chips. He describes the ketchup as having curry and clove flavors up front, which then mellows out into the ketchup flavor we all know and love.
Recently, Ron was gracious enough to whip up some incredible dishes that highlight how the Curry Ketchup can be used. Em was there with me and after I took some pics, we quickly licked our plates clean.
Ron uses San Marzano tomato paste as his base but there are a plethora of ingredients that he's added to give America's favorite condiment a modern, delicious twist. Yet, as with all of Ron's creations, there is nothing pretentious or intimidating with his approach. It's all about simple clean flavors.
If you've tried an Emily G's jam or sauce, you know her concoctions are incredibly tasty and addictive. And I'm happy to report, her first collaboration with Chef Ron continues her knack of bottling ingredients that satiate and surprise. The newly launched Curry Ketchup is available online - but if you're in Atlanta, you can also find it at the Rosebud, Pine Street Market, Lucy's Market and Beehive Atlanta.

================



======= Instance Index 575 =========
Input Text: Sentence: how to make carne asada tacos

Choice 1: Brown 2 ounces diced dried chorizo in a skillet; remove with a slotted spoon. Melt 1/2 pound chopped monterey jack in the skillet. Serve in flour tortillas with the chorizo.

Choice 2: Brown 2 ounces diced dried chorizo in a skillet; remove with a slotted spoon. Melt 1/2 pound chopped monterey jack, and 1 pound pickles in the skillet. Serve in flour tortillas with the chorizo.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.610046
Retrieved Text: Carne asada should be the easiest taco to get right, yet it is consistently the one that too many taquerias end up neglecting.
Serious question: Why is it so hard to find truly great carne asada tacos?
Before you answer that, let me clarify: I’ve found tons of good carne asada, some of it even very good and worth writing about. But I’ve found far more carne asada that’s merely serviceable.
Rarely, though, do I find carne asada that can be called seriously, unequivocally superb.
I went to a new taqueria in Santa Ana last month, the second location of an already wildly popular taco restaurant. People on Yelp were raving about it. But when I got there, they were serving “carne asada” that was made with shaved beef, the sort of frozen paper-thin sheets of meat used for Korean bulgogi or Philly cheesesteak sandwiches. While the meat looked pretty in pictures, the tacos simply weren’t good.
Enter El Durango Grill in Brea. A fireman turned me onto this place. Here, finally, is a kitchen that I can say, unequivocally, serves absolutely superb carne asada.
The meat on these tacos would be good enough to serve as a steak, but instead it’s chopped into thimble-sized pieces and grilled at high temperature until the outer edges of the meat have turned black and crispy yet the insides are still miraculously tender.
Go here. Eat these tacos. After that, if you honestly know where to find even better carne asada tacos, let me know. I’m not expecting very many emails.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.93855
Retrieved Text: Include 5 ct. hashbrown sticks.
Freshly grilled carne asada steak.
Burrito and medium drink. Freshly grilled carne asada steak.
Includes bacon. Freshly grilled carne asada steak.
Includes bacon. Burrito and medium drink. Freshly grilled carne asada steak.
Come with small fry and small drink.
6 value tacos and 6 1/2 lb. bean and cheese burritos. Come with small fry and small drink.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.174816
Retrieved Text: By now, anyone who likes tacos and lives in Los Angeles has heard of these guys. They’ve been slinging LA’s best carne asada tacos for a couple years now in downtown LA at the corner of Beaudry and 1st. The secret? Better quality meat, better salsas, and a fresh off the grill taste wrapped in a fresh tortilla.
Tacos are $2 each and come loaded with meat (carne asada, pollo,chorizo), The carne asada is diezmillo, a better cut of meat than ranchera, which is the cut you will find at most LA taco stands. The salsas are all very good. Try the habanero and tomato salsa or the chipotle salsa. They also have a pico de gallo and a guacamole salsa for baja purists.
I started with two tacos(carne asada and chorizo) and garnished them from the salsa molcajetes. The chorizo was paired with the habanero salsa, the asada the milder chipotle salsa. Both were excellent, the heat from the habanero made my forehead sweat a little. The carne asada was full of flavor and had that fire grilled taste. After finished the first two tacos I ordered two more carne asada, this time applying the habanero to both as well as the delicious red onion mixture. I’m not sure the red onions are meant to be rolled up into the tacos but the flavor combination was really working for me. The heat from the salsa and the onions combined with the fire-grilled flavor of the meat had me wondering if I’ll ever go back to taco trucking

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.884148
Retrieved Text: Carne asada, guacamole, sour cream, lettuce, pico de gallo and cheese.
Chips covered with cheddar cheese, beans, guacamole, sour cream, carne asada and pico de gallo.
Fries covered with cheddar cheese, beans, guacamole, sour cream, carne asada and pico de gallo.
Carne asada,‏ potato, cheese and pico de gallo.
Shredded beef‏ rolled tacos, topped with guacamole, cheddar, and jack cheese.
Spiced grilled chicken, sour cream, lettuce and pico de gallo.
Spiced shredded beef grilled, bell peppers, onions, and eggs.
Mexican sausage cooked with eggs.
Your choice red chili, chicken or shredded beef mixed with beans.
Spiced shredded beef boiled, bell pepper. onion and tomato.
Red chilli boiled with spiced and grilled onion.
Shredded pork,‏ guacamole and pico de gallo.
Lightly battered‏ white fish, lettuce, pico de gallo and tartar sauce.
Beans, rice, cheese, guacamole, lettuce, pico de gallo and sour cream.
Red chili chicken, sour cream, potato and cheese.
Seasoned chunky pork, beans and pico de gallo.
Chile relleno, echilada sauce, lettuceand rice.
Spiced grilled chicken, lettuce, cheese and beans.
Seasoned pork, lettuce, cheese and beans.
Carne asada,‏ lettuce, cheese and beans.
A thin layer of beans, cheddar, lettuce, topped with jack cheese.
Shredded beef, lettuce, cheese, and beans.
Chicken, lettuce, cheese, and beans.
Covered with cheddar cheese, pico de gallo, topped with jack cheese.
Covered with cheddar cheese, guacamole topped with jack cheese.
Shredded beef wrapped with two corn tortillas, topped with enchiladas sauce, cheddar, jack cheese, lettuce.
Red chili chicken wrapped with two corn tortilla, topped with enchilada sauce, cheddar, jack cheese, and lettuce.
Red chili chicken or shredded beef with cheese, mixed with tomatoes, onion, bell peppers and cheese, topped with enchilada sauce, cheddar, jack cheese and lettuce.
Plenty of cheese

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.57121
Retrieved Text: San Diegan's are lucky. Mexican food, real Mexican food, has always been at your a part of your world. Not so for those of us who transplanted here. I came to San Diego to go to SDSU (Go Aztecs) way back when, originally from the Bay Area where tacos where filled with hamburger meat and tamales came out of cans. I am not kidding!
Ultra crunchy chips with the best salsa - seriously, I would drink this salsa with a shot of vodka and a straw!
Flashback to La Jolla 1977 when my hair was long, my car was an MGB, and Supertramp was my band of choice. My buddy Barry lived up the street in a rental with 4 or 5 other guys and one night we stumbled down Prospect in search of cheap eats, ultimately seduced by Alfonso's of La Jolla, a restaurant that looked like it had more in common with Tijuana than La Jolla. It was that night I had my first carne asada taco, grilled strips of marinated steak topped with guacamole and salsa fresca and double wrapped in a fresh tortilla.
It was life changing. Literally one of the best things I have ever eaten.
Over the years I revisited Alfonso's of La Jolla, always to eat there first and then heading across the street to Chucks Steak House to listen to live jazz and then to Bratskeller for a Zombie before driving back to State. Hey, I'm not saying this was a good plan, I'm just telling you that a trip to La

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.456234
Retrieved Text: I love me some Mexican food. Carnitas and carne asada are two favorites to make at home (some day I’ll get a spit so I can get a good al pastor going. . . ), and since I feel confident that we’ve got the carnitas down, I was wanting to find “that” perfect carne asada recipe.
I found this recipe on All Recipes, and it is totally a winner, even with my tweaks. Pardon me, while I try out the new Word Press recipe thingy. . .
Combine the ingredients and marinate the steak for a few hours (no more than 8), turning once to coat.
Stir ingredients and use generously on your tacos.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.190186
Retrieved Text: Juicy street tacos and tamales!
Kramer and I were running around doing errands. Needed food. We wanted to try something different.
Taqueria Veracruz food truck was our choice.
Located on the southeast corner of East University and Pennsylvania in Des Moines. This small food truck offers big flavor in cool little packages.
The truck sits in an old gas station lot. There are a few clean picnic tables, salsas, drinks for purchase, and parking for 6-8 cars. On this day, the weather was decent, so we sat outside. Other customers just ate in their car or took it to go.
We ordered two pork tamales ($1.50 each!) and three tacos – carne asada, el pastor, and chorizo.
The pork tamales, to my surprise, were not in corn husks, but banana leaves. Yum! They were larger than your typical corn tamale. They were juicer and had a great flavor. I really liked them.
In order, carne asada, el pastor, and chorizo. Served with onion, cilantro, radish, and a lime. The carne asada was killer. I felt it didn’t need any additional salsa. Perfect as is… the other two were very tasty too.
The carne asada was so good, we had to get two more.
These are great bites for under $2 a piece.
The weather is getting nicer, check them out!
Taqueria Veracruz – Southeast Corner of East University and Pennsylvania Ave. Kitty corner from Unity Point Lutheran Hospital in Des Moines.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.1621
Retrieved Text: Hi! Sign in to let us know how Tacos Y Mariscos Sahuayo was?
Lupe I. Oct 13 .
Sahuayo have very good authentic food, My favorite are the carne asada tacos! And their salsa is very good as well. Shrimp cocktails are good too. A must!
If you've been to or used Tacos Y Mariscos Sahuayo, leave a review.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.63459
Retrieved Text: I guess it never occurred to me that I should order tacos from Tamales Elena, but now that I think about it I'm feeling a little dumb. I wrote about Tamales Elena some years ago while running around in Watts and the surrounding neighborhoods and thought their tamales were nice. They make typical corn husk tamales for $1 a pop that are geared towards locals--when not ordering tamales folks are grabbing carne asada burritos. That's kind of how it goes for this talented Guerreran family. Did I mention that this is the best family of Mexican cooks in town? They are--unless someone can show me better. I will get into that on a later date, on how a birthday party pozole and mole spread was one of the best traditional Mexican meals I've ever had.
Their real tamales are large, flat, rectangular packages of southern Mexican comfort, but they'd never fly on Wilmington and 110th St., where their truck is parked. There was practically a riot when they decided to ask regulars to pay the full $12 for a dozen tamales--so, skinny, corn husk tamales it shall remain. There's no market here for the real cooking this family can do.
On a recent visit, Elena's daughter Teresa informed me that they were out of tamales, but I wasn't about to have a carne asada burrito--no mames! I went with the tacos and I'm still kicking myself for not having known about the best lip, tongue, and cheek tacos in LA.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.010735
Retrieved Text: This recipe for carne asada tacos has a delicious secret – the flank steak is marinaded in beer!
Sometimes there are kitchen moments where what you’ve cooked looks nothing like it did in your head or the magazine picture. And then there are those home cooking moments where your creation is so triumphant, there just aren’t enough social media outlets to share the joy and you end up fairly convinced you should open a freakin’ restaurant. This Carne Asada achievement, my friends, was one of those extreme dishes of triumph, and you should definitely try it for yourselves.
The deliciousness came in the form of carne asada tacos (which literally translates to grilled meat). Though the translation is literal, there is usually a distinct recipe to create carne asada tacos, that involves lots of citrus and cilantro. Flank steak is the most traditional cut used in Tex Mex beef cookery, it’s very thin and can be tough if not treated right, but when cooked to medium rare perfection and sliced against the grain, it’s a perfectly meaty mouthful.
One thing that pairs so well when you’re eating tacos is beer. So why the heck not add it during the cooking process? Ok, there’s more to this indulgent step than meets the eye. See, beer actually acts as a tenderizer for the meat, too. So not only will it helps boost the flavor profile, but it actually helps break down the tough fibers resulting in a more delicate bite, which can be particularly helpful when using a cut like flank.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.89555
Retrieved Text: Tracy Rackauskas and Ben Dinsmore launched Migration Taco last month, along with a little help from their two young sons.
Food truck owners have many good reasons for launching their mobile kitchens; for Tracy Rackauskas, it was for the birds. The Park Hill resident is an avian expert who has earned Audubon Master Birder certification and understands the negative impact climate change has on birds through habitat loss.
“So many people are concerned about what’s happening but don’t want to think about how their diet is affecting things,” Rackauskas says. So she and her husband, Ben Dinsmore, launched Migration Taco last month — named for migrating birds. The couple serves plant-based Mexican food without single-use plastics, and point out that they source produce locally to reduce their footprint. “Each meal someone eats with us is a meal without meat that helps,” Rackauskas notes.
Guacamole and vegan cheese sauces make these nachos creamy and gooey.
The menu comprises tacos, both staples and specials, as well as nachos and macaroni and cheese with housemade sauce. Seitan carne asada tacos and garbanzo chorizo tacos with macadamia cotija, red salsa and cashew-based crema have proven popular, while Rackauskas notes that her favorite is the Buffalo taco with housemade seitan Buffalo wings, red cabbage, radish, blue cheese and green onions.
The owners of Migration Taco say the seitan carne asada tacos are the most popular choice, even with meat eaters.
Other options include poblano brunch tacos made with tofu scramble, poblano pesto, spicy carrots, shredded cheese, poblano ranch and crema; and breakfast burritos stuffed with Dinsmore's green

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.57984
Retrieved Text: Burrito de Carne Asada - A large handmade flour tortilla filled with marinated carne asada, guacamole, pico de gallo and topped with salsa roja. Served with rice and beans.
Mexican Combo - A combination of our homemade chicken tamale (35%), chile relleno (35%), and beef enchilada(35%) with salsa roja, served with Mexican rice & beans.
Tacos de Carnitas - Two soft corn tortillas filled with carnitas. Served with a concha of charro beans, guacamole, pico de gallo, salsa chipotle & quemada. Garnished with cilantro and onion.
Entrée Choice: All entrees served with handmade flour tortillas.
Entrée Choice: - All entrees served with handmade flour tortillas.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.3412
Retrieved Text: Our carne asada recipe is a real treat. If you haven’t tried it before you may be wondering exactly what it is.
It is basically thin slices of beef (usually flank or skirt steak) marinated or not, then grilled or pan fried. Then you stuff a warm tortilla with the carne asada, guacamole, salsa, maybe a little cheese and there you go.
I like taking a tri tip roast from Costco and slicing it real thin say 1/2 inch thick and then marinating it for 3 or 4 hours.
How do you achieve that tender beef? It’s by marinating it for at least an hour and preferably longer, say 4 to 6 hours. But that’s not all. It’s how you cook it too. If you are grilling the meat, get the bbq nice and hot. Take the beef out of the fridge and let it come to room temperature for 15 to 20 minutes before grilling.
Cook your meat on medium high for about 4 to 6 minutes on each side depending on how thick it is. When it’s done (it’s a little pink inside) let it rest for 5 to 10 minutes so the juices redistribute.
The last thing you need to do is slice the beef nice and thin across the grain.
If you do these three things: marinate, cook with a hot fire (watch it closely), and slice it correctly you will have mastered the perfect carne asada recipe.
Place all the liquid ingredients in a non metal bowl. Add the garlic powder 1 teaspoon at a time and mix

########
Rank: 13
Score: 41.882633
Retrieved Text: Slice the beef across the grain into 1/4-inch slices. Combine in a mixing bowl with the oil, salt and pepper. Toss well to coat. Heat the grill or heat a dry cast iron skillet until smoking. Sear the meat until light pink in the center, about 30 seconds per side. Transfer to a cutting board. Cut into 1/2-inch wide strips and reserve in a bowl with the juices. For carne asada tacos, toast 24 small Corn Tortillas and keep warm. For each taco, stack two tortillas and layer with carne asada strips. Top with a tablespoon of Pureed Tomato Salsa Cruda. Garnish with shredded white cabbage, scallions, thinly sliced radishes and avocado slices.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.65569
Retrieved Text: Order by noon, Tuesday, November 24th, delivering Sunday/Monday, November 30th.
We couldn’t think of a more perfect way to celebrate the Chicano culture and work of José Montoya than with local ingredients and recipes inspired by LA’s favorite Chicano dishes.
Food is culture, and that’s why we are so excited about our upcoming collaboration with the Fowler Museum at UCLA. To celebrate their exhibition featuring Chicano artist, poet, and activist José Montoya (1932-2013), and to bring attention to the Museum’s crowdfunding campaign this month, we’ve created the Chicano Box, filled with local ingredients and recipes inspired by LA’s favorite Chicano dishes.
If you’ve always wondered how to cook tamales, here’s your chance! We have recipes (see below) and ingredients from Wes Avila of Guerrilla Tacos to cook Butternut Squash Tamales and Sweet Potato Tortillas. From Gilberto Cetina of Chichen Itza Restaurant, we have ingredients and a recipe for Ceviche. From Carlos Salgado of Taco Maria, we have a recipe for Salsa Negra to cook with chicken. And last but not least, we have a Carne Asada recipe from Roy Choy, just to put a multi-cultural spin on things.
GMO-free masa, corn husks, local grassfed carne asada, Santa Barbara Cheese Co. queso fresco, a variety of chilis, Rancho Gordo piloncillo sugar, fresh, local organic produce from our favorite farmers, and recipes from local chefs to prepare a variety of Mexicali meals.
Having grown up in the San Joaquin Valley as a field hand, Montoya experienced the harsh living conditions so many migrant farm workers endured. Life on the fields informed his activism,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.591564
Retrieved Text: See 19 photos and 8 tips from 376 visitors to El Molino De Oro. "Great tacos! The carne asada was delicious and the beans and rice tasted like..."

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.474064
Retrieved Text: Best sit down Mexican food in San Diego- bar none. Carne asada cannot be beat. Typically very friendly wait staff. Fresh chips, great salsa and guacamole. Incredible enchiladas. I can't say enough. Eat here.
My aunt and uncle brought us here for dinner. The margarita's were delicious. The food was very good. The service was very good also. My aunt and uncle bring people here when they come to visit. We enjoyed our meal and would definitely come back again.
I can't believe how good this food is! We are in town for the day and wanted tacos. I ended up with the chili Colorado tostada!! OMG.. sooo good. Wish there was a Murrieta's back home.
At Murrieta's you will find an extensive menu of Mexican Food and Beverages. Located at 5170 Bonita Rd. Bonita , CA We have burritos, carne asada, fajitas, soups, enchiladas, aguas frescas, beer, wine and so much more.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.189194
Retrieved Text: Join us in the Mountain Grill for Taco Night every Wednesday starting at 4pm! Featuring fish, chicken and carne asada tacos. View the full menu here.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.07934
Retrieved Text: Not only is this dish often served at barbecues and family gatherings, you can also often find them at little street food stands around Mexico. I especially love to pair this side dish with tacos de rib eye and my Mexican chimichurri-marinated flank steak.
A note for my gluten-free friends: Salsa Maggi contains wheat gluten, wheat and wheat bran among its ingredients. A suitable alternative for you to be able to enjoy this dish is Kikkoman’s gluten-free soy sauce.
This classic side dish is a staple at any Mexican barbecue.
Once you've removed the onions from the grill, put them on a plate or in a bowl and squeeze the desired amount of lime juice over them.
Add desired amount of Maggi or soy sauce over the top and let the onions sit in the juices for a few minutes. Pick up by the stems and eat the bulbs.
I adore cebollitas. I had some last week after a carne asada to celebrate my friends’ graduation. They were delicious.
Love cebollitas, too! First time I ate them was in Guatemala and fell for them.
Ana, I didn’t know they pour Maggi on rice in El Salvador! Actually, I have seen a family member or two do it in Mexico, but never in a restaurant there. I’ve also seen lots of people put it in a broth soup with rice and using lime and Maggi to season it. I’ll have to give it a try.
It is just so unfair that you cam make your pictures look better than anything Ive ever attempted to cook!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.930504
Retrieved Text: 1. In a large mixing bowl mix the corn flour, flour, and salt together. 2. Slowly add the water until the dough is firm. 3. Take the dough and make 6-8 balls (depending how big you want your tortillas to be) approximately the size of the palm of your hand.... Similar recipes. Also see other recipes similar to the recipe for carne asada spinach quesadillas.
"Carne Asada Tortas with Chimichurri Sauce - Muy Bueno Cookbook Chimichurri sauce is simple to make. This carne asade recipe is also simple to make with a handful of ingredients and only 30-minutes of marinating time. The sauce pairs very well with beef and topped on a warm and toasted bolillo roll is beyond heavenly."... "Carne Asada Tortas with Chimichurri Sauce - Muy Bueno Cookbook Chimichurri sauce is simple to make. This carne asade recipe is also simple to make with a handful of ingredients and only 30-minutes of marinating time. The sauce pairs very well with beef and topped on a warm and toasted bolillo roll is beyond heavenly."
Carne Asada Spinach Quesadillas Carne asada can be purchased from meat markets either prepared (preparada, i.e., already marinated) or not (no preparada). Below is our recipe to marinade at home, but feel free to cheat and buy preparada.
Another take of our fusion dishes, the Teriyaki Carne Asada Quesadillas always aims to please. Get started with Soy Vay's collection of tasty recipes! Get started with Soy Vay's collection of tasty recipes!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 40.910835
Retrieved Text: An afternoon at Blanco will make you wish that all your afternoons were spent south of the border, barefoot, with margarita salt on your lips. Trust the escapist thrill you get from a perfectly prepared plate of street-style carne asada tacos, or award-winning barbecue pork tacos with sweet corn fresh tomato salsa. And what pairs better with an authentic Mexican dish than unforgettable margaritas, sangria, ice cold Mexican beers, and dozens of rare tequilas? Some say we may be the best patio for Mexican food in Tucson.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.313114
Retrieved Text: 2. Once brown, place remaining ingredients into the pot and set to [MEAT] for 1hr.
3. Once finished remove from pot and let cool. Once cool slice and enjoy.
TIP. Carne Asada is best in tacos! So get some tortilla and enjoy.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.31019
Retrieved Text: Guisados: A Los Angeles, CA Restaurant.
One of the city's true taco prides, Guisados has done much to move the city away from bland, overpriced carne asada tacos. Their stewed creations, served on thick, pliant tortillas, have expanded the city's taco lexicon.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.103672
Retrieved Text: If you’re anything like us, you love a good street meat taco. For just a few dollars, you can walk down the street and get a set of piping hot tacos complete with lime juice, fresh onions and chopped cilantro. Add some hot sauce and it begins to resemble a nearly perfect meal. If you’ve tried to make your own tacos at home, you’ve probably noticed that the meat mixture you usually make doesn’t quite add up to the stuff they sell on the street. As always, the marinade recipe is what makes the meat taste particularly delicious—and we’ve cracked the code for you today.
That’s right, we’re going to show you how to make an authentic carne asada recipe that should take your home tacos to the next level. Although this dish packs plenty of flavor, the preparation process couldn’t be much easier. All you have to do is buy a relatively cheap cut of meat, throw it in a bag with some juices and spices and let it sit. At the end, your taste buds will thank you. So let’s get started.
1. To get started, get out one of your giant Ziploc bags and pour in your lime juice, garlic, orange juice, cilantro, salt, pepper, olive oil, jalapeño and vinegar. With everything in there, zip the bag up and squeeze and shake it lightly with your hands to get mixed up.
2. Once the marinade is done, throw your flank steak in the bag whole and seal the Ziploc up again. Make sure that the meat

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.57931
Retrieved Text: Tacos are complemented by wines and beers from south of the border.
: Gringo’s Taqueria is one of the happiest little eateries you’ll ever find for Baja-style fish tacos, salsa verde enchiladas, or orange chicken chipotle burritos (complete with pineapple salsa) and a carne asada burrito. A seemingly endless cornucopia of bold, bright tomatoes, avocados and seasonal fruits blends in with the sunny atmosphere, outfitted with a low-rise counter and a smattering of tables. Bottled beers from south of the border and heavy-handed pours of wines (including some organics) wash down the Tex-Mex fare as do scratch-made margaritas and a juicy sangría. There might not always be dessert, but smoothies accented with lime and honey sure make life sweeter.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.572304
Retrieved Text: You can find Tijuana Mexican Grill in Sleepy Hollow, New York. We are located on Beekman Avenue at the intersection with Pocantico Street. Dine in with us at Tijuana Mexican Grill for all your favorite Mexican dishes from Tacos & Burritos to Flautas & Carne Asada. Or you can Order Online for delivery ($20 Minimum) or takeout.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.34132
Retrieved Text: Chicken taco with lettuce, guacamole, onions and cilantro.
Breakfast Burrito with hash-browns, beans, egg, cheese, and meat of your choice.
French fries, sour cream, cheese, beans and meat.
Fish taco with cabbage, cheese, tomato, and chipotle sour cream.
Bell peppers, onion, scrambled eggs, Asada Steak and cheese.
Eggs made ranch style which simply means mixed with a house salsa with rice, beans and tortillas.
Ham and egg breakfast with rice, beans and tortillas.
Carne asada and egg breakfast with rice beans and tortillas.
Spanish sausage and egg breakfast with rice, beans and tortillas.
Scrambled Eggs with onions, bell pepper and meat of your choice. Includes rice, beans, and tortillas.
Sausage and egg breakfast with rice, beans and tortillas.
Deep fried corn dough shaped like a dish, topped with sour cream, beans, lettuce, tomatoes, cotija cheese and meat of your choice.
Pork. Served with green sauce.
Wet burrito. Cream, guacamole and lettuce. Choice of meat with green or red sauce.
French fries, cheese and guacamole.
Cheese, lettuce, sour cream, onions and cilantro and meat of your choice sandwiched between two gordita(thick) tortillas.
3 Deep Fried Rolled tacos topped with lettuce, sour cream, and cotija cheese. Served with rice and beans.
Enchilada de mole, steak, frijoles, arroz y nopales.
Bell pepper, chorizo, onions, carne asada.
Chicken, shrimp, asada, bell pepper and onions.
French fries and a small soda.
500 mL Coke or Fanta in a glass bottle.
Medium level spicy salsa, our least spicy.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.26569
Retrieved Text: One month ago, Hamburglar Hadley reported in Grub Street the important news of a new taco shop opened in Mid-City on Venice Boulevard. I have a strong, personal identification with that particular boulevard! I was looking forward to it.
This little shop was home to Hoagies & Wings, and then it became Wing Shack, which according to unreliable internet website Yelp! was really good. Wing Shack closed in May of this year to make way for a taquería, a sign of the times. If you compare this “before” picture, you can see what it takes to transform a Wing Shack into a Tacos El Paisano: you add some Hispanicizing puffy stucco around the top. The tiny building with about four dining tables is a fine environment in which to enjoy the simple pleasures of a taco meal.
The menu isn’t too long, which is an asset in a taquería, because it highlighted what we needed – $1.25 tacos and Mexican sodas. Carmen smartly ordered two carne asada tacos and one each of al pastor and chorizo, so I followed her lead. The friendly serveur poked fun at me in English for not speaking Spanish as Carmen had.
We had to drive past the nearby Venice and La Brea truck with its awesome trompo (literally a children’s toy spinning top, this word designates the vertical revolving spit of al pastor pork that resembles such a top). I remembered a line from Bandini’s recent review of Daniel’s Tacos: “al pastor that doesn’t come from the trompo only has so high of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.012135
Retrieved Text: Saturday afternoon we drove 5 miles down Hwy. 5 to Ejido Delicias (at Km. 35) for an early dinner at CHELO'S Restaurant.
I had the breaded fish dinner (it was great).
Elizabeth had carne asada tacos... also very good.
Back to our deserted island beach to enjoy the evening.
The breeze was nice and kept the temperature pleasant by day and calmed at sundown.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.00921
Retrieved Text: Preheat your Yoder Smokers YS640 Pellet Grill to 425ºF, set up for direct grilling. Preheat a Lodge 12” Cast Iron Skilletdirectly over the firebox.
When the skillet is hot add the oil, then the peppers, onions and one tablespoon Cattleman’s Grill 8 Second Ride Carne Asada Seasoning. Cook until softened and onions are translucent. Add the 505 Southwestern Flame Roasted Green Chiles and cook another 1-2 minutes, stirring. Remove and set aside.
Whisk together the eggs. Put some oil in the skillet. Add the eggs and a shake of Cattleman’s Grill 8 Second Ride Carne Asada Seasoning and a pinch of salt to the skillet. Cook the eggs until almost done. It’s ok if they’re slightly soft, as they will be cooked again.
Combine the cooked diced bacon, veggies and eggs in a mixing bowl. Add the pepper jack cheese. Mix well. Scoop 1/4 cup of the filling onto a tortilla. Fold the tortilla in half around the filling and press closed. Repeat until filling is gone.
Grill the tacos on both sides, directly on the grates, until lightly crisped and cheese is melted. Serve with sour cream and Y’et Yet Jalapeno Salsa.

================



======= Instance Index 95 =========
Input Text: Sentence: When building a survival fishing kit, what can you use to make fishing hooks?

Choice 1: Carefully bend a safety pin into a hook shape with pliers and fasten it to a thin paracord to create a makeshift fishing line.

Choice 2: Carefully bend a paper clip into a hook shape with pliers and fasten it to a thin paracord to create a makeshift fishing line.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.31992
Retrieved Text: I’m a fan of survival bracelets. it is difficult in our parts like the city to find ourselves walking like Bear Grylls hundreds of miles in a desolate area. But I like collecting them and using them alone inserting what can actually serve me under certain circumstances.
Those that I find in online sales are sometimes insufficient or on the contrary excessive. If they are super-equipped, once you pull the lanyard you do not know where to put all those things, If they only have the lanyard, well honestly alone i don’t know what to do with it.
The funny thing is that everyone puts a fishing kit (two hooks and a bit ‘of rope) but what if you were in the desert, what can you do? To say nothing about the rope everyone says it’s made in Paracord but … is it skydiving rope or a normal woven nylon rope?
What is the best paracord bracelets?
Of military derivation, the best survival bracelet has a long history and tradition, now revalued by the many “ultimate survival” style transmissions.
It can be interesting for those enthusiasts who want to experience the taste of extreme situations or want to do together with other friends an experience of sports and hiking outdoors where the comforts are banned.
A military bracelet to keep at the wrists has very different ways of use. Naturally, being used by professional armed bodies, it has its own raison d’etre as a survival kit.
On the market you can find several tip the bracelet in which at a connection string of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.585186
Retrieved Text: I to watch those Popeyes get boiled on. And even then there's probably an angler revolutionizing the fishery right now with a.
It can be contrasted with commercial fishing which is fishing for profit or subsistence fishing which is fishing for profit or subsistence fishing which is fishing for profit or subsistence fishing which is fishing for profit or subsistence fishing which is fishing for survival. When the bite is really picky and they want light line I will use a spider hitch. Mustad is the worlds largest manufacturer of fish hooks. Listen to Typical Instruction I Give the Angler and Good Video too. Ounce 1 Gram 0 Japanese Treble Hooks. Captain hails from the historic waters along the Caloosahatchee River. On a Trokar TK non offset circle in the Offshore Angler Light Wire Circle Hooks light wire model says Capt.
One end of the wire then goes into the central section of the swivel and the other end is twisted around itself. Movie Time 0 min. Fishing is an ancient practice that dates back to at least the beginning of the Upper Paleolithic period about 0 000 years ago. Good sailfish jumps slow motion blistering runs lot of nice close up video at end and actual audio jovial humorous helpful and patient. Publisher of The Intrepid Angler with a history of guiding anglers from the Florida Keys to Southeast Alaska.
Built upon VMC Coastal Black hooks with a corrosion resistant coating these are heavy duty and tough enough to handle large fish.
While offshore trolling trips usually target tuna

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.448093
Retrieved Text: People are starting to take survival preparedness a lot more seriously these days. That is because the world seems to be a much less stable. All types of survival gear are selling like hotcakes both online and in stores. If you are looking to build your own survival kit one of the most essential parts of it should be a means to catch fish.
Why is a means to fish an essential part of any survival kit? The answer to that is because there are fish that can be caught to eat almost anywhere you go in this world. It is hard to find a place other than a desert that does not have a pond, stream, river, lake or ocean near it. After all, some 70% plus of the earth’s surface is covered with water. Even if you don’t plan to eat fish as part of your survival routine it is still wise to have at least a rudimentary means of fishing available.
Part of being able to fish for survival means doing some advanced preparation: It helps to know the larger bodies of water within several hundreds of miles of you and what type of fish are likely to be in there too.
Many survivalists are very weight conscious when it comes to the gear they will carry in the event they have to live off the land. That is not a problem when it comes to catching fish because adding some line, a few hooks and some sinkers to your survival gear will not add a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.01764
Retrieved Text: If your rod gets damaged because of an accident, you can make an improvised fishing rod if you have a knife. Your work becomes even easier if you manage to hold on to a tackle box with the necessary hooks and a spool of monofilament.
Should you ever find yourself stuck in the woods with just a knife, the guide below can help you produce an improvised fishing rod with materials from your surroundings.
Start by searching for a six- to seven-foot-long branch that’s no thicker than your thumb. Once you’ve found a branch, carefully break it off from the tree.
Break the branch to the desired length and if it’s dry enough, snap it in half against your knee or any hard surface. If the branch isn’t dry, but it’s still a bit flexible, cut it with the knife. Don’t use dead branches because they will break easily.
Test the tip by bending it to the point of snapping. The more the branch snaps, the stronger the remaining pole gets. Once the pole is trimmed to the desired length, use your knife to remove any remaining branches, leaves, or shoots. Make the pole as smooth as possible to improve its weight. A smooth pole is also easier to handle.
Your job is easier if you have some monofilament fishing line. If you don’t have any, you can make do with some sewing thread. If you don’t have any thread, look for thin green vines in ground cover or in the undergrowth near different bushes. The greener the vine is, the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.491104
Retrieved Text: When it comes to traditional fishing tackle, there's nothing wrong with finding different or more resourceful ways of using it. Sometimes you can save time and money by making a few modifications to traditional tackle or by using everyday household items. Check out these five traditional fishing tackle and gear hacks that just might help make your life easier.
Use wine corks as an easy and snag-free way to transport flies. This is a traditional fishing tackle hack that I picked up from fly casting instructor and illustrator, Joe Mahler. Sure, there are fly vests and fly bags that you can use, but if you prefer to fish along the shoreline with just a couple of your favorite flies, stick your flies into a wine cork, and then slip the cork into your pocket. Now you have an easy way to transport a few flies without having to worry about getting poked or snagged.
Add a streak of blood to your fishing lures using red nail polish. You may or may not believe in buying plugs or crankbaits accented with streaks of red. However, if you have a few old lures, why not give them a touch of red nail polish or permanent red marker to see if they happen to get a few more strikes? While the color red loses visibility in deeper water, you might be surprised by the results when fishing in shallow areas.
Use both sides and the middle of your soft plastic stick baits. Once you've rigged and re-rigged your soft plastic stick baits

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.343662
Retrieved Text: eBay The Pocket Reel is the most reliable survival pocket fishing kit you can buy. With no moving parts and extra gear stored inside the kit it will always be ready to go and if something should fail, lost lure or broken line, you have extras.The size 5" x 1" and weight of just 2.5oz, the Pocket Reel is perfect for a survival kit, camping or canoe trip, glovebox, bug out bag, or a simple trip to the lake.It's secure design allows it to be used and abused without worry of effecting it's use. They are made from a very thick plastic and are extremely durable. you can toss this kit anywhere and just forget about it. they can be stepped on, thrown, dropped and it will not break. They have zero flex to them and in testing i threw an assembled kit out of my 2nd story office window onto my driveway and it just bounced. In a survival situation you want ROCK SOLID gear. you don't want your line wrapped around a soda can or some cheap flimsy tube that can buckle under the weight of your catch or even something that could be crushed, dented, or damaged in your pack. You also want REDUNDANCY. The pocket reel not only allows the usage of the line on the kit but also supplies you with a complete refill of brand new line stored insideThey will also float if dropped in the water. they use standard 20OZ/1L/2L soda bottle caps so if you want to make

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.25278
Retrieved Text: The Compact Emergency Fishing Kit is a well stocked, basic, durable, quality and inexpensive survival fishing kit. The Compact Survival Fishing Kit is identical to the Basic Survival Fishing Kit except that it comes in a heavy duty 6 mil zip lock bag instead of a durable tin container.
The Compact Survival Fishing Kit is the lower end of our line of 3 very popular emergency fishing kits: The Compact Survival Fishing Kit, The Basic Survival Fishing Kit and the Standard Survival Fishing Kit. All are made with the same high quality components and are very reasonably priced.
The Compact Survival Fishing Kit is much flatter than the Basic Survival Fishing Kit thus making it perfect for thin survival kits. This kit is standard in our Wilderness Trekker Survival Kit.
The Compact Survival Fishing Kit, or Basic Emergency Fishing Kit as some call them, is a great addition to any survival kit or outing into the wilderness. This quality kit includes the most used items, in sufficient quantities for emergency food gathering (survival fishing).
Even if you don't buy it here, we highly recommend a survival fishing kit as a component in your survival kit. A Survival Fishing Kit, or Emergency Fishing Kit, is an item that could truly save your life.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.681988
Retrieved Text: I was in a tackle shop the other and overheard two fisherman talking about Circle Hooks. The more I listened, the more I realized that they really had no idea about this innovation, other than people telling them to try it. Basically, the quick answer is that the Circle hook for the most part sets itself in the corner of a fish’s jaw when you tighten up the line. This results in less gut hooked fish and a great increase in the survival rate for catch and release. For newbies this takes a lot of the “when should I set the hook” questions out of the equation because, well… you don’t! In this short article let’s just go over some of the important facts and features of Circle Hooks.
Circle Hooks will imbed in the corner of a fish’s mouth or Jaw.
How is a Circle Hook Different?
The difference between a Circle Hook and the classic J hook is quite evident once you see them side by side. A circle hook has its point turned back towards the shank forming the shape of a somewhat open circle. This circle shape makes it more difficult for the hook to get lodged in a fish’s gut when the bait is swallowed. Instead, when the line is made taught through either the angler reeling in slack line or the fish running, the shape of the Circle Hook will cause it to slide up and lodge in the corner of the fish’s mouth or jaw against the angle of the fishing line.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.358856
Retrieved Text: survival kits are good to use for: boy scouts, hiking, backpacking, camping, fishing, or for whatever (vacation/trips) easy to make fun for prepping for those listed things! These are for your survival kit or edc. Really good stuff. Once more, Boy Scout motto: be prepared. Because you never know what will happen. You might need them as a backups if you are away from your main your survival kit. From Wikipedia: mini survival kit is a small survival kit which consists of the most essential outdoor survival tools and supplies which are the hardest to improvise, craft on the spot, or replace. It is intended to be carried on one's person at all times, be appropriate to all environments, and be a comprehensive kit without being too large. Other personal gear will primarily offer additional serviceability and ease of use, but the mini survival kit should provide for the basic needs of a survival situation, followed by self rescue, assistance, or a return to normalcy in optimum situations. Two philosophies surround the preparation of mini survival kits. Some people like to carry a few, relatively large items such as a knife, matches, whistle, emergency food, water bottle, etc. Others prefer a collection of smaller but more comprehensive items such as rubber bands, paper clips, fishing equipment, lashing material, razor blades, etc. The decision of which technique to subscribe to depends on one's physical condition, survival skills, wilderness knowledge, and other factors.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.22838
Retrieved Text: Rivers to Seas Travel Fishing Reel and Tackle Box in One!
This travel fishing reel was made to make it easier for everyone to be able to enjoy fishing wherever they go. The compact design can make your fishing trips abroad much easier and convenient. The procedure is pretty simple. All you need to do is fill the inside storage compartment of the reel with your tackle, and you have everything you need. No need to rent equipment just put it in your luggage, and you can fish at your leisure wherever you go. It’s great for travel because it fits easily in your luggage. Be it a backpacking trip or camping, kayaking, hiking or even surfing, this fishing reel is a convenient solution for everyone who loves fishing. It’s great for survival kits and fits nicely in the glove compartment of your car.
40lb test mono line, 3 large snap swivels, 1 sliding snap swivel, 2 2oz sinkers, fingernail clippers, 2 5/0 hooks, 2 4# hooks, 2 large shrimp flies and 2 assorted large lures.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.84987
Retrieved Text: Getting quality fishing equipment can be a daunting task as the market is overflowing with choices. Given the broad array of items you ought to consider, we thought we might give you a hand and put together a short list of those that are truly essential to your fishing success. Keep in mind that, in order to perfect your skills as an angler, you don’t need overly expensive gear. You just have to focus on your performance and try to keep an open mind.
Nothing beats a good tackle box, and that’s because it is the place where you will be able to store all your hooks, sinkers, bobbers, and a broad variety of other small-sized tools. Depending on the type of fishing you plan to engage in, the tackle box should be smaller or bigger.
To make sure that you’re able to pick a perfect one for you, we suggest looking at the number of compartments and the material that the product was made of. Plastic boxes rarely make a great choice because they might not withstand a good deal of abuse. And let’s face it; those hooks will get them scratched at some point or the other.
This aspect boils down to the species you’re targeting. While live bait requires a good deal of time and effort invested in maintaining it, artificial lures cost little to nothing and you can use them both conveniently and efficiently. The most common artificial lure you will come across is the typical plastic worm. This kind of item can be utilized

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.71602
Retrieved Text: Do you need to carry fishing tackle and pole in your survival kit? If you are skilled enough, you can make your own tackle, and a pole can be virtually anything on which you can attach a line. However, why go through all the trouble of making your own when you can carry a small kit, and finally ask yourself, do you really need to fish in most survival situations.
Fishing tackle doesn’t take up much room and you can put your own tackle kit together, and make it small enough to fit in your coat pocket, so why not have one in your pack regardless of your outdoor adventure.
If you get lost hiking or hunting, your objective is to survive until you are rescued or until you can find your way back. Usually, however, a lost hiker or hunter does not stumble upon the correct path back home, after all, they are lost, and so they are usually found by professional searchers, police or others that happen to be in the area after a few days of searching. There are extreme cases where someone is lost for a number of days or even weeks in some rare instances.
Of course, if you have no friends, family or anyone that knows you are missing or cares that you are missing, you would never be reported missing, which is very rare by the way. Therefore, you can expect to be wandering around for a few days until a search and rescue are mounted. You, of course, should shelter in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.662987
Retrieved Text: If you are hunting for an exercise that will get you off the sofa and into character, fishing is what you might be hunting for. You can use some beneficial guidance to enhance your fishing no matter of how considerably encounter you have. Hold looking through this report for some helpful suggestions and suggestions on fishing.
If you are fishing with a present, cast into the recent and enable it provide your bait to the preferred location. This technique will make it far more likely for you to get a bite. Just be specific you never have way too much line that is slack laying in the water.
Consider and make certain that your floor surface is dry when you go out fishing on a boat. Since you have fishing rods with sharp hooks dangling from their tips, you undoubtedly do not want to slip or trip owing to moist flooring. Use a towel or a mop to dry the floor of your boat ahead of you go out on the h2o.
You might want to check out out your lure’s hooks if you are lacking fish. Numerous fisherman do not know that hooks can grow to be blunted or twisted with time. This affects the capability of the hook to catch securely. Therefore, switching the hooks is a straightforward technique of making certain that your lures are established as speedily and cleanly as achievable.
When you are fishing, it’s crucial to have the correct products for every single situation. The variety of bait or lures is dependent on the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.304356
Retrieved Text: Best Emergency Survival Kit – Ultralight & Easy-to-Carry Paracord Grenade – Perfect Gift for Men &! All-In-One Kit Includes Carabiner, Knife Blade, Fire Starter & Tinder, Fishing Kit, and More!
Paracord Survival Grenade Kit by Tactical Survival, 10+ Tools in one compact, lightweight & portable Keychain! Emergency kit includes Compass, tinder, Fire starter, Fishing gear and more!
Spool Tool (Coyote) – The Ultimate Paracord Tool for Your Bug Out Bag, Survival Kit or Paracord Crafts. Holds up to 100′ of Paracord!!
Paracord Survival Kit Grenade | Ultimate Emergency (25pc) Wilderness Prepper Gear for Camping Hiking Hunting Fishing. Moms Feel Safe! Your Kids can get Food, Fire & Shelter When Lost by Prep2Go!
Running Outsides – Emergency paracord bracelet – The Utimate Survival Gear kit with fire starter, Embedded Compass, Emergency Knife & Loud Whistle, Quick Release for backpacking, hiking, camping.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.2915
Retrieved Text: 🎣 Warm Prompt: Full Kit with Carrier Case include 1 FISHING ROD + 1 FISHING REEL + FISHING LINE + VARIOUS FISHING LURES + FISHING HOOKS + SOME NECESSARY ACCESSORIES + CARRIER BAG.
🎣 Full Kit with Carrier Case is special made for novice, including necessary accessories for fishing. You can use it without buying any other accessories from anywhere.
🎣 Perfect elasticity, high density Carbon fiber mixed with fiberglass make your fishing pole hard & durable. Stainless Steel Hooded Reel Seats is anti-seawater corrosion; EVA Fore Grip for comfort. The telescopic fishing rod is portable, and closed length design is convenient carrying around. Power: Medium; Extended Handle.
🎣 Instant anti-reverse; Power drive gear equipped for high strength. Deep aluminium spool with double color and one line holes; More short body with large spool and large line capacity. Line capacity: mm/M 0.20/240 0.25/200 0.30/140. Model: EW3000,HA3000; Gear ratio: 5.2:1.
🎣 It's the best gift to send father, son, husband, fiancé, boyfriend. We love our customers and 12 months warranty provided. If any problem, please contact us firstly and our customer service will solve it for you soon. Want to buy single rod or single reel? Please search the ASIN: B01MQ1MRIA or B00YGZ1FRW.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.110596
Retrieved Text: fishing starter kit wild water fly fishing complete 5 6 starter package fly fishing starter kit uk fly fishing starter kit argos.
fishing starter kit fly fishing starter kit argos coarse fishing starter kit uk.
fishing starter kit fishing rod kits scientific anglers trout fly fishing starter kit fly fishing rod building kits fishing fishing rod kits fishing starter kit amazon fishing starter kit uk.
fishing starter kit 2 person junior beginner fishing reel rod hooks novice starter kit set with bag fishing starter kit canadian tire best fly fishing starter kit uk.
fishing starter kit kids fishing starter kit sea fishing starter kit argos fly fishing starter kit uk.
fishing starter kit kids fishing pole beginners starter fishing kit children gifts fishing rod full set light and comfortable fishing starter kit walmart fishing starter kits argos.
fishing starter kit fishing starter kits argos fly fishing starter kit uk.
fishing starter kit starter kit combo anglers addiction fishing starter kit uk carp fishing starter kits uk.
fishing starter kit a fly fishing starter kit fly fishing starter kit bass pro fly fishing starter kit amazon.
fishing starter kit load image into gallery viewer fly fishing starter kit combo sea fishing starter kit argos fly fishing starter kit bass pro.
fishing starter kit complete fishing starter kit fly fishing starter kit argos fishing starter kit walmart.
fishing starter kit carp fishing starter kits uk best fly fishing starter kit uk.
fishing starter kit fly fishing starter kit uk fishing starter kit amazon.
fishing starter kit get quotations a carbon telescopic mackerel predator sea spinning fishing starter travel kit fly fishing

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.607018
Retrieved Text: Humans are adventurous. However, some of our adventurous expeditions quickly turn to ugly survival situations that test our will to survive. If there was a way to foretell such catastrophic outcomes would come against us, we would do well to prevent them in time.
That is not always possible. So, we are left with only one choice. We have to face the disaster head-on and do everything possible to emerge victoriously. One of the most important survival skills is finding food. If you found yourself close to a water body such as a lake or a river, then fishing would be a great source of food.
But how can you catch fish if you have no fishing gear? Is it even possible? The answer is yes, you can catch fish for sustenance. There many techniques for catching fish in a survival situation. Some of the techniques are legal while other will mean you bend the rules a little bit. We will discuss 9 of such techniques.
Regardless of how you call it, hands-on fishing requires that you visually target the fish so that you can grab it. It is easier done on clear waters where you can see fish clearly. But you can also do it on murky water. Ensure you wear some heavy duty gloves to protect your hands from the murky waters and the sharp fish fins.
Spear fishing has been used in the past by many traditional fishermen. You can borrow the technique to use in a survival situation. You can improvise a spear by chopping the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.528038
Retrieved Text: All kits on this page are perfect for ice fishing. Why spend over a buck a piece on jigs with less quality when you can have top of the line for much less and the NEW Ice Flutter Jigs at a bargain as well.. Super sharp VMC hooks, mustad hooks, and high quality chip resistant paint. Built to attract and hook-em solid.
A spectacular vertical jigging lure. Works wonderful on all species, in all depths. The “tail” forces the lure to dance in a circle much like a wounded baitfish, an irresistible sight for monster game fish.
10 fishing jigs that flat out attract & catch fish!
OPS Neon Glow Jig Kit All kits on this page are perfect for ice fishing. Why spend over a buck a piece on jigs with less quality when you can have top of the line for much less and the NEW Ice Flutter Jigs at a bargain as well.. Super sharp VMC hooks, mustad hooks, and high quality chip resistant paint. Built to attract and hook-em solid.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.45192
Retrieved Text: Sougayilang - High resolution body detail. 2 strong treble hooks. 3d lifelike eyes. Equipped with super sharp treble hooks, the Sougayilang Hard Baits Will Keep Fish Pinned All The Way Back To The Boat. Durable abs material contributing to long service life. Suitable for different kinds of fishes, wonderful tool for fishing lovers.
Life-like swimming actions in water to provoke predator to bite. Specifications: Crankbait-5Pcs with Box Length:4. 6cm/1. 8in; weight:4. 2g/014oz diving depth: 03m-09m/098ft-2. 95ft hook: 10# treble hooks; Type: Crankbait Box Size :5x 2. 7x078 in package list: 5 x crankbait fishing Lure 1 x Plastic Box Minnow-8Pcs Length:12cm/4.
Sougayilang Fishing Lure - ABS Hard Plastic Topwater Minnow Lure with Steel Ball Inside, Super Realistic Color, VMC Hooks, 3D Eyes for Carp Bass Salmon Trout Pike Fishing - 72in; weight:12g/042oz diving Depth: 06m-1. 8m/1. 97ft-5.
YONGZHI - Suitable for various aquatoriums. 3d eyes keep it look as realistic as natural live baits. Features: *abs material outside which is avirulent and odorless, environmentally friendly. Meet all your expentation for different color, size and catching different fishes Specifications: Shallow Crankbaits-8pcs Length:6.
1cm/2. 4in weight:9g/031oz hook: 7# hooks material:abs plastic, Steel Wire, 3D Eyes Package Size: Approx. 14*13*1. 5cm / 5. 5*5. 1*059in package Weight: Approx. Metal material inside which has a great effect of gravity. Colorful lures to entice big strikes. 87g/3. 06oz package list: 8 * hard fishing lure2pc per color 1 * Papper Box Deep Diving Crankbaits-8pcs Length:12.
YONGZHI Fishing Lures Shallow Deep Diving Swimbait Crankbait Fishing Wobble Multi Jointed Hard Baits for Bass Trout Freshwater and Saltwater -

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.432198
Retrieved Text: Saltwater fishing hooks are the unsung heroes of saltwater fishing. So much thought goes into rigs, lures, rods and reels that most take the saltwater fishing hooks for granted when in truth, the rest is meaningless without the right saltwater hooks.
Fishing hook size is measured at the gap between the point and the shank. is important to know how to choose fishing hooks, to select the best saltwater fishing hooks for your needs, consider the size and shape of both the bait and the fish. While it may seem intuitive that the best saltwater hooks for fish with small mouths are small hooks, there are situations even when targeting big fish where you still may want to use a small hook. Such as, when using small pieces of bait or live bait, as a larger hook may be difficult to hide in cut bait or could hinder the action of a live bait.
Saltwater fish hook sizes start at a tiny No. 32 and run up to a huge 19/0. From size 32 to 1, saltwater hook size increases while the number decreases. From size 1/0 to 19/0, the hook size increases along with the number. Keep in mind that saltwater hooks are not standardized, thus, one brand’s 3/0 may be larger than that of another brand.
While saltwater fishing hooks come in many sizes and shapes, they are generally made of one of two materials: stainless steel or high-carbon steel. The first is corrosion-resistant but brittle, while the second will rust but is more forgiving of bends

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.316154
Retrieved Text: Fishing is a recreational activity has endured across countless centuries–longer as a means of survival. That being said, there are tips and tricks you can use to become more successful and create some awesome fishing memories.Read this article to gain some great information to use on your next fishing outing.
A fishing hook is essential to being a good fisherman.A well sharpened fishing hook makes sure that the fish you catch stay on as you reel them in. Check to see that you have sharp hooks before every fishing trip, then sharpen them or get new ones.
Many fishermen use bobbers when fishing during the night. Lighted bobbers have a light inside of it to help you determine when fish are biting.
Your hook must be very sharp if you want to catch as many fish as possible. If your hook is not sharp, the fish won’t be attracted to your bait and you won’t be able to catch anything.
Never go out fishing without first checking the weather conditions. You may also want to bring a radio beside you since the weather is constantly changing.
Fishermen should carry a digital scale with them on their gear. You never can tell when you’ll catch that rare trophy, so bring a scale so you can weigh your catch.
Be aware of how the wind is doing while fishing. You should be casting toward the wind.If there is a very strong wind, weight your line accordingly.
When you are out on a fishing trip, it is important that you pack some food and water, especially

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.04544
Retrieved Text: When a disaster happens, you don’t have time to start thinking about survival supplies you need. You need to be prepared and function on autopilot – when it comes to fighting for your survival, drafting shopping lists just isn’t possible. So, what are those essential supplies you need to have prepared for when disaster strikes? Here is a list of the ten survival supplies that could save your life.
One of the most important survival supplies is a stock of dry bags. These are similar to dry boxes and they are designed to ensure the contents stay dry and untarnished. If you’re clothing or electronics get wet, then you are going to have a tough time surviving and thus, these things are the first things to purchase.
You can keep the dry bags unpacked, but it can be a good idea to prepare a few with extra clothing. This way, you are always guaranteed to have dry clothes – some underwear, a pair of hiking trousers, a fleece shirt and some socks are enough to get started.
Aside from staying dry, your second most important survival element deals with setting a fire. You need heat not only to keep warm but also to cook things, among other important functions. There are tons of different fire starter supplies and it’s a good idea to even learn how to set fire with nothing but what nature has on offer.
However, make your survival a bit easier and get automatic fire starters. The magnesium fire starters are a solid option and you can

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.906525
Retrieved Text: Atlantic salmon anglers have an ongoing controversy between fishing with single barbless hooks and barbed single or double hooks. We salmon anglers are quick to make our opinions known over this argument but have we really thought it out.
Many opinions are put out to the fly fishing public as fact from individuals, media, government agencies and Atlantic salmon conservation organizations about this issue without any survival data.
Barbless or barbed hooks might be a mortality factor in trout fishing and other game species that are engaged in feeding. In this case we are specifically discussing Atlantic salmon fly fishing and the use of what type of hook gives the best survival rate for the fish.
The known fact is that once an Atlantic salmon reaches fresh water it no longer continues to feed. Their digestive system goes into dormancy, the throat tightens, and stomach shrinks and no longer functions for digestion. Subsiding on their high fat reserves and muscle mass their reproductive system begins to develop. We have therefore substantiated the fact that Atlantic salmon no longer swallow when taking a fly as they physically cannot.
The known fact that Atlantic salmon are not feeding is a big part of the mystery “as to why Atlantic’s take a fly.” “Take” and take they do, no other game fish takes so violently looking to kill the fly, not eating it. Just thinking of a feeding trout sipping not wasting any more energy than it needs too, as for an Atlantic its vengeance.
When Atlantic salmon takes a fly and if the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.904377
Retrieved Text: What ya doing for Fathers Day?
Do you stop or troll when hooked up?
Fish finders: temperature at depth?
How does one "jig" for Kokanee?
Night security on the lake for boat and gear?
What hook size and type do you use?
Is "Humminbird" a copy of Hummingbird fishfinders?
What are fishing regulations on hooks?
How do I cram all this stuff into a tackle box?
If you had to choose 25 lures for a koke trip, what would you take?
Dodgers , What do like?
How to break your favorite downrigger rod?
Fishing nets...what are you using?
What is your one surprise Kokanee lure?
How many hooks can you use on a line?
Good avg koke out west??
To snub or not to snub?
Are fishing derbies worth it?
Shelf life of line on tied lures?
Night Fishing for Kokes with Ice Fishing Jigs!!
Are Kokes Safe in the future?
Do you want to make a set of planer boards?
How do you charge your glows?
How do you use (apply) fish scent?
The Big to Little Question....???
Has anyone tried these planer boards?
Help save Flaming Gorge and Green River from Colorado water grab!
Do you set the drag on your downrigger?
Hi Vis Braided Line ???
Max hook distance behind lure?
Are you buying more on the internet lately?
Long shaft or short shaft Kicker?
Is it really that good????
What type of rods and reels do you use?
After all this learning I've done, my wife is teaching me how to Koke fish!
Utah Non Resident Fishing Lic.
Fishing Kokanee year round ?
What Rods Are We Using For Koknee?
A Fisherman’s Story. I just wanted a few Kokanee.
New guy?…How far behind the/my balls?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.903435
Retrieved Text: Next up on our Big Fish Blog is Korum, keeping you up to speed on what their whole team has been up to. The highs, the lows, and all the fun stuff in-between. This lively blog comes from very experienced Korum consultant, Chris Ponsford.
Step forward one of our blogging crews – the specimen anglers from top tackle brand Korum.
WE’VE picked the brains of five Korum consultants to find out their favourite rig and why they love it so much!
These five proven rigs are regularly used by the top team of consultants under the Korum banner. Covering a huge range of species they are guaranteed to guide you in the right direction to bumper catches and bigger, better fish. Read on to get the lowdown from each consultant about their chosen rig.
The Method lead is by far my favourite rig. My standard Method-Lead set up is prefect for casting long distances for huge slabs. A 2oz Korum K-Grip Inline lead is the ideal lead to mould the bait around. A short 8inch Hooklength made from 8lb or 10lb Xpert Power Mono and a size 10 Xpert Power hook gives me the confidence to land huge bream from long range. I can scale the rig down to use 1.1oz K-Grip Inline leads, 4lb Xpert Power Mono and size 14 Xpert Specimen hooks when fishing for Crucian carp or other shy biting species.
I can’t remember the amount of times this little rig has saved me from blanking! Every time I go fishing I always finish up with a Ready

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.869225
Retrieved Text: One wonderful American go-time is fishing, and you do not have to be a professional to have some luck and some exciting with a simple fishing setup. Nonetheless, with some extra know, a novice can flip into a strategic fisher that persistently catches fish, creating gratifying and entertaining recollections. Read through the subsequent article for a few great ideas to keep in brain for your fishing outing.
When you 1st commence fishing, do not choose the most high-priced products. You do not require costly gear due to the fact it will not likely improve your game in any way. Equipment that is within your funds will support you to come to feel far more at simplicity with the time you are fishing.
If you want to capture a lot more fish, then just take care to ensure that your hook continues to be sharp. If you neglect to do this, you will discover that the fish are not coming around and you will inevitably go home vacant handed. Sharpen your hook prior to the working day you intend to fish so you don’t have to mess with it on the massive working day.
Just before you depart to go fishing, always keep in mind to verify the weather report to make sure you are going to be risk-free. Also, consider a temperature radio with you so that you can informed of conditions.
If you absence fishing experience and are a newcomer to the sport, you may want to attempt bass fishing. Bass like to just take bait and are normally

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.70619
Retrieved Text: If you do not know anything about lure kits, choosing the best option will take you a lot of time. That is why we want to help you. Use the list of the best lure kits, presented on this page, to pick the most suitable lure kits for you.
All options from our list of the best lure kits can be found at marketplace. This is a good marketplace for online shopping because it lets you analyze users reviews and other details for any item from the catalog. It makes choosing a lure kits much easier.
Fishing lures for freshwater- fish lures in large size and bright colors allows you to fish in lakes, rivers, seas and all the seasons, whether in winter, summer or spring. Fishing artificial bait- fishing lure set is one of the most awesome fishing lure kit to ever hit the market. Fishing lures for bass- 48pcs assorted fishing lures includes the most popular frogs, shrimps, crankbaits, minnow lures, poppers, vib and jointed fishing lures. Fishing topwater lures- 10 different shapes and kinds, deadly on salmon, northern pike, walleye and other big and small fishes. Fishing lures for trout- fishing baits length about 2.75 to 5 inches, perfect for catching any freshwater fish and many species of saltwater fish.
What do I need to check before choosing a lure kits?
Marketplace provides a myriad of convenient features to help you compare and choose lure kits. It also aggregates thousands of reviews from people all over the world. Always read them before choosing a lure kits!
Compact and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.594215
Retrieved Text: 1. Prefer single hooks and one hook only. Trebles are potential trouble if you ask me. Multiple hooks are for snaggers.
2. Fish barbless if you're fishing C&R. Pinch the barb on barbed hooks. Barbless hooks hook well and holds fine, but unhooks indefinitely much easier.
3. Gear up for what you are catching. Match rod weight, reel size, tippet strength and hook to the size and strength of your quarry. Fishing too light prolongs fighting times and leaves broken off fish with hooks in them.
4. Fight and land fish as quickly as you can, within a few minutes if possible. A fresh fish manages much better after release.
5. Unhook C&R fish in the water if possible. Simply grab the hook and slip it out.
6. Make optional photo, weigh and measure sessions as short as possible and handle fish as little and as careful as possible keeping them on wet weed, damp grass, in the net bag or on a similar surface.
7. Kill fish you want to keep as soon as you have them in hand. Unhook and take pictures later.
8. Avoid beaching fish you don't want to keep and keep fish off gravel and dirt.Use a knotless landing net if you are no comfortable using your hands.
9. Make sure released fish swim readily and vigorously before letting them go. Hold tired fish upright in the water facing any current until they flap their tail and swim - even in uncomfortably cold water..
10. Use common sense, empathy and consideration when fishing, catching, killing or releasing - but ALWAYS

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.593887
Retrieved Text: Whether you are just beginning to learn how to fish for carp or you have been carp fishing for your entire life, it is crucial that you have a solid understanding of the right type of tackle to use in order to land this fish. Due to both the size and tenacity of these fish, carp fishing requires more rugged tackle than is used for most other freshwater fish. There is also specialized carp fishing tackle that is designed to exploit the feeding habits of carp that can take your carp fishing skills to the next level if they are used correctly. Here is what you need to know about the different types of carp fishing tackle.
The most important type of carp fishing tackle is also the most common, including hooks, leaders and fishing line. When it comes to fishing for carp, you need to make sure that you have high quality fishing hooks that are guaranteed to get the job done. The ideal hooks for carp fishing have long shanks that allow the hook to be set firmly in the carp’s mouth and feature an in-turned point with microbarbs that will protect your rig from getting snared on weeds and other items on the bottom of a river or lake.
Fishermen are advised not to use pre-tied hooks, as larger carp may snap these lines before you even begin to reel the fish in. Instead, consider using leaders with lead clips and swivels that will make it easy to change your rig and are nearly impossible

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.535145
Retrieved Text: Get you hands on DINGA’s discount circle hooks and secure your catch every time!
Circle hooks have been a revolutionary development in the world of fishing over the past decade. Circle hooks possess an uncanny ability to slide out of the gullet of fish and pin them in the lips. The unique design of circle hooks has led to significant improvements in catch and release practices through reducing the number of fish that are deep hooked and improving survival.
The DINGA team are big supporters of innovative products that improve or enhance fishing practices. We love circle hooks because they they hook more fish but do less damage. Using high performance hooks that enable more fish to be landed or returned to the water to fight another day makes perfect sense to us.
Circle hooks are available at DINGA online in a range of sizes and brands. All of our hooks are genuine brand products and we get them to you fast. Happy fishing!

================



======= Instance Index 976 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to make Vanilla Root beer Ice cream at home.

Choice 1: In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk and 1 teaspoon rootbeer extract and 1 tsp. Vanilla extract.   Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.

Choice 2: In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled Root beer, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed root beer and 1 teaspoon root beer extract and 1 tsp. Vanilla extract.   Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.26972
Retrieved Text: Did you know that Shoney’s was one of the first family casual dining restaurants in the United States?
That’s right, way back in 1947, Alex “Shoney” Schoenbaum opened the Parkette Drive-In next to his father’s bowling alley in Charleston, W.Va. Now the Nashville-based Shoney’s is a favorite family casual dining restaurant, with about 200 restaurants in 17 states across the South and Southeast! We had a Shoney’s in the neighborhood when I was a kid and I still remember going there on special occasions with the family.
The Shoney’s Homecoming coupon for a 65 cent Barq’s root beer float is Shoney’s way of saying THANKS! and welcoming in a new generation of customers!
The Coca-Cola bell soda glass has been part of the heritage of The Coca-Cola Company since 1929. I remember being served Coca Cola in these bell glasses when I was younger and felt so nostalgic when I received these!
Beginning Nov. 1 and continuing daily until November 30, 2012, participating Shoney’s restaurants will be distributing 65th anniversary Shoney’s Homecoming coupons to every dine-in breakfast guest. Customers can use the coupon with their next dine-in lunch or dinner purchase of $5.00 or more at Shoney’s to redeem the 65-cent root beer float – made with the uniquely bold taste of Barq’s Root Beer and the distinctive Coca-Cola Bell Soda Glass while supplies of the limited-edition fountain glasses last.
Want to win a set of 4 Coca Cola Bell Soda Glasses for yourself? Great, because I am giving away a few sets!!
Leave me a comment telling me how you like

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.444077
Retrieved Text: If you love Root Beer Floats, you’ll love these Root Beer Float Cupcakes.
These cupcakes have a wonderful root beer flavor. I tried just reducing down the root beer, but that didn’t give me enough root beer flavor in the cupcakes, so I added Watkin’s Root Beer Concentrate (not extract), which gave these cupcakes that wonderful root beer flavor.
Because these are Root Beer FLOAT Cupcakes, I made a Vanilla Ice Cream Buttercream Frosting, which I piped on top of the cupcakes to look like soft serve ice cream.
Preheat oven to 350º F. Prepare muffin tin with paper liners. Whisk together both flours, baking powder, and salt in medium bowl; set aside.
In a stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar for 3 minutes; add eggs, one at a time on low speed until incorporated. Mix in root beer concentrate (I tried these without the root beer concentrate, but they didn’t have enough root beer flavor. I prefer root beer concentrate over root beer extract).
On slow speed add flour mixture and 3/4 cup of reduced root beer, alternating 1/2 each at a time. Beat on slow speed until just combined. Scrape down sides of bowl with rubber spatula and mix by hand. (Do not overmix) Divide batter evenly (using a #12 scoop) among prepared muffin cups (2/3rds full). Using a scooper makes getting the batter into the cupcake liners easier.
Bake at 350º F., 18 to 22 minutes, until skewer inserted into center of cupcakes comes out clean (internal temp approx. 205 degrees F.). Cool completely.
In a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.349636
Retrieved Text: This Root Beer Float Pancakes recipe is like having a classic root beer float, but in a breakfast favorite. Not only do the pancakes taste like root beer, but you top them with pancakes syrup that is made with VANILLA ICE CREAM! Go ahead…treat yourself!
Disclosure: This post features compensated affiliate links which help support the work on this blog.
We are in the middle of winter, but the last two recipes I’ve posted have been recipes that been somewhat summer themed. You might think I’m longing for winter to be over, but really, I’m not. I’m okay with summer staying far away (for now) and enjoying the “cold” Vegas weather.
The first summer-inspired recipe was my Smores Pull-Apart Rolls. Of course, those are baked in the oven, so making them on a cold winter day works perfectly.
Then, that brings me to my recipe today: Root Beer Float Pancakes. When I think of root beer floats, I think of them as a summer treat. Or, at the very least, a warmer weather treat. But these pancakes? It might be the first time that a “root beer float” has actually warmed you up in the middle of winter.
While making these pancakes will be easy for you, it took quite a bit of trial and error to get it right. Making the actual homemade pancake mix was easy, but I was determined to make those pancakes taste like root beer. In the end, it took at least 6 batches (I started to lose count) of pancakes until I was happy with

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.12073
Retrieved Text: Good ole' Root Beer Float Ice Cream eJuice is a perfect blend of light vanilla ice cream soda. Root Beer Float is perfectly blended fountain soda root beer flavor and vanilla ice cream for those who love Root Beer soda ice cream.
smooth and good with good vapor. Will buy again.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.863213
Retrieved Text: You can also blend up fresh fruit and make a purée to substitute for the nectar if you like!
Pour 4 ounces prosecco in a glass, top with 2 ounces peach nectar.
In a frosty mug place 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream. Cover with root beer leaving enough space to add your root beer vodka. Float your shot of root beer on top and finish with a straw.
If you enjoy a root beer freeze….add root beer float vodka, vanilla ice cream and root beer to the pitcher of your blender. Blend for 1-2 minutes and pour into your frosty mug. Finish with a straw.
In a large pitcher place..
Stir everything together in a pitcher except the ginger ale. Let sit in fridge for at least 4 hours, overnight is best.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.78161
Retrieved Text: As far as the major ice cream holidays go, Root Beer Float Day has to be one of our favorites. Mark your calendars: it’s coming up on August 6! We’re so happy it falls on a weekend this year! That way, your job hopefully won’t get in the way of your Root Beer Float-making.
Now, you may still be trying to relax after celebrating Ice Cream Soda Day in June, but you need to rally and get your root beer on. Ice Cream Soda Day encompasses a wide variety of soda and ice cream flavors, and it serves as a warm-up to the main event, where we focus on the traditional root beer with vanilla ice cream.
If you remember your ice cream history, you know that Robert M. Green accidentally invented the ice cream soda when he ran out of either cream or ice (there are two versions of this particular history, but it doesn’t matter because the result was the ice cream soda and we’re forever grateful) when making drinks at a festival in Philadelphia back in 1874.
Interestingly enough, it was just two years later, also in Philadelphia, when pharmacist Charles Hines introduced root beer to the masses at the Centennial Exposition. Though it seems like all good things come from Philadelphia, ice cream was not, to our knowledge, invented there. Still, it found a soul mate in root beer.
The only way to improve upon the work of genius that is the Root Beer Float is to use homemade ice cream! Luckily, Harmony Valley Creamery has

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.71166
Retrieved Text: Did you know that August 6, 2013 is Root Beer Float Day? Yup, sure is! And who doesn’t love a root beer float? But, if you’re a Weight Watchers Points Plus counter, a regular root beer float will set you back between 9 and 17 points in one fell swoop, depending on where you get it. But, as anybody on Weight Watchers knows, there is always an alternative to the fattening version of what we love and what we don’t want to have to give up. So, here, I present you, the Weight Watchers Chocolate Root Beer Float at only a 4 Points Plus Value.
Divide soda between 2 glasses.
Add a tablespoon of chocolate syrup to each and stir.
Put 1/2 cup frozen yogurt into each glass and serve immediately.
Do you know the history of the root beer float? I didn’t know either until I stumbled upon this website, Yum Sugar. According to them, “Root beer was manufactured, bottled, and sold starting in 1880, and legend has it that thirteen years later, the root beer float, which is sometimes referred to as a black cow, was first invented. After glancing out the window late one night, Frank Wisner of Cripple Creek, Colorado, was inspired to float a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top of his glass of root beer. The illumination of the full moon allowed him to glimpse the snow on top of nearby Cow Mountain. The tasty treat was tremendously popular among the town’s children, who then called it a “black cow.” How interesting! I

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.70739
Retrieved Text: Here are some fun ways to celebrate!
It’s cute that we think we need a day to celebrate root beer floats – they are literally one of my favorite indulgences and a summer staple, so why not celebrate every day? A&W Root Beer sent me a fun package, complete with A&W Root Beer color changing mugs, straws, and an ice cream scoop to celebrate and make my own root beer floats with my family.
A&W Root Beer has a long history of creating family memories. I know when I was little it was one of my favorite things to make. My sister and I LOVED making them ourselves when we were little. Favorite part? The foam!
Now that I am a mom I make memories with my own children, and of course that includes root beer floats. I prefer the original vanilla ice cream, but A&W has some amazing takes on this classic treat at www.rootbeer.com.
Have a root beer float making party! Get your favorite ice cream flavors, sprinkles, whipped cream, cherries – all of the toppings you love! Let your family make their own crazy float concoctions!
Have a float movie night! Grab your favorite family film and some A&W Root Beer & ice cream and have a fun movie treat!
What are some of the ways you celebrate Root Beer Float Day? Be sure to follow A&W on Instagram for some fun ideas!
*Thank you to A&W for giving me the tools to post. All opinions are 100% my own.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.256264
Retrieved Text: This post is brought to you by SONIC. All opinions are my own. Summer is definitely my favorite time of year. The kids are out of school, the weather is warm and we get to spend a lot of time doing fun things together. Movie nights in the backyard, hiking, bike rides and traveling are just a few of the things we plan. One of our favorite traditions is going to SONIC to take advantage of their Summer Nights promo which is half off shakes! Piling into the car and driving to the closest SONIC is always fun. We often get their slushes (and pretzels and tater tots…yum). What is your favorite thing to get there?
SONIC Drive-In decided to skip spring and move straight to summer this year. You can come celebrate with SONIC at SONIC Summer Nights – this summer’s social evening destination that will satisfy any late-night cravings. You can find half-price Floats, Shakes and Ice Cream Slushes after 8 p.m. every day at SONIC. They’re also adding new Floats so you can pair their creamy vanilla ice cream with either Root Beer, Coke, or Fanta Orange.
My husband and I went on a date night last week and after our dinner and movie, we headed to SONIC to get a sweet treat. It was fun to choose what I wanted from all of the options (and took me longer than I like to admit, lol). I am going back again to get a cream slush next – since I haven’t had one for e-v-e-r.
Are

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.794956
Retrieved Text: An all-Philly root beer float is now being whipped up by employees at Bassetts Ice Cream.
It features Bassetts vanilla ice cream, Hank’s Gourmet Root Beer, and a dollop of root beer drizzle.
Philadelphia City Councilman Al Taubenberger is credited with inspiring the sweet creation.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.403164
Retrieved Text: Looking for the best root beer for that float? Staffers from our sister site 'Taste of Home' picked their faves.
Let’s see how they stacked up!
This small-batch brand had our testers asking for more with its smooth vanilla flavor. We enjoyed this slightly sweet (but not overly sugary) root beer for its long finish and subtle flavors. When you’re looking for something a bit special—love the old-fashioned glass bottle—you can’t go wrong with Sioux City’s root beer. With just the right amount of fizz, it made for a satisfying sip. Find out why soda tastes better in glass bottles.
Is it any wonder that the biggest name in root beer took a top spot in our test? What the panel loved most about A&W was its mellow, creamy taste—definitely the brand you want to pick up if you’re a fan of smooth root beers. A&W also got high marks for its sweet (but not too sweet) vanilla flavor. Not a surprise, because A&W proudly advertises its use of real aged vanilla right on the can (pssst … did you know there are different kinds of vanilla?). Overall, this is a great root beer to keep stocked in the fridge. Don’t miss these 10 soda secrets Coca-Cola isn’t telling you.
Coming in at the top was Dad’s root beer. Unlike our other top picks—both creamy, sweeter root beers—Dad’s offered us a bit of bite. This kick made a lot of testers pay attention. Well, that and the great effervescence that this root beer had (a handful of lower-ranking sodas had

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.320374
Retrieved Text: Our Root Beer Moonshine is simple, almost bubbly, and has the perfect touch of sweetness. The mellow mix of sassafras root, vanilla, and wintergreen make this offering a timeless classic.
Root Beer moonshine brings a hint of nostalgia as it is reminiscent of the root beer candies we all ate as children. It’s also a really nice blend of a high proof spirit and tons of flavor!
This ‘Shine pairs with spearmint, chocolate, banana, vanilla and butterscotch flavors. Add a little Root Beer moonshine to a bowl of ice cream or a shot of bourbon.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.855408
Retrieved Text: Rich chocolate brownie, covered with Heath Bar candy pieces, served warm, with vanilla bean ice cream, real whipped cream and chocolate syrup. Definitely for sharing!
A twist on a classic. Graham cracker crust topped with chocolate soaked brioche bread and a marshmallow topping.
Granny Smith apples and raisins, baked in a light strudel, topped with cinnamon brown sugar ice cream.
A smaller version of our monster brownie.
Granny Smith apples and raisins, baked in a light strudel and topped with cinnamon brown sugar ice cream.
Ask your server about our rotating daily cheesecake. Lots of seasonal fun flavors like Egg Nog Rum Cheesecake!
A big ol’ mug of root beer with vanilla bean ice cream.
Vanilla bean ice cream or cinnamon brown sugar ice cream topped with chocolate sauce and whipped cream.
A pint of Dam Beer with a scoop of vanilla ice cream in it! Best with our McLuhr’s Irish Stout or maybe a seasonal beer.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.809757
Retrieved Text: With summer fast approaching, warm weather activities and fun in the sun can’t be too far off. The grill comes out of storage and our minds turn to BBQs and summer salsa. Refreshing drinks are the order of the day, with home-made lemonade for the kids, and sangria for the grown-ups. And who doesn’t enjoy a nice chocolate shake? Or my favorite, a creamy root beer float.
They’re simple to make, right… just vanilla ice cream and your favorite root beer! But why not get the kids involved and try making your own fresh root beer at home. Not only is it a fun learning activity that will keep your family busy on a rainy afternoon; but unbeknownst to them they’ll be doing a science project at the same time. My root beer making kit was gifted to me by my wife, but you can order them online and have them ready for that inevitable dreary day. Then when the sun finally does comes out, it’ll be root beer float smiles all around !

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.500736
Retrieved Text: I have been working on vanilla ice cream and root beer ice frozen floats for our family 4th of July party. My mom can’t eat much sugar, so I wanted to make sugar free ice cream for her.
I used the same recipe as my vanilla ice cream. I replaced the sugar with a Stevia blend.
I was pleasantly surprised at how good this sugar free vanilla ice cream tastes. I do not generally like the taste of sugar substitutes. However, this almost tastes just about like the real thing to me.
If you are cutting back on sugar for some reason, but still want homemade ice cream this is a great recipe. Is is incredibly simple, but still tastes good.
I halved the recipe because I don’t expect many people to want the sugar free version. I still had no issues with it mixing and turning into ice cream.
In a bowl, stir together the cream and milk. Add the sugar substitute and whisk until the sugar substitute is dissolved, 3 to 4 minutes. Test for graininess by tasting a small amount of the liquid; it should feel smooth on the tongue and there should be no sugar substitute visible on the bottom of the bowl when it is stirred or spooned out. Continue whisking, if necessary, to ensure that the texture of the finished ice cream will be smooth. Stir in the vanilla.
Very nice:) Is it possible to prepare such delicious ice cream without the ice cream machine?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.10735
Retrieved Text: This new spin on Root Beer Floats doesn’t look like the classic version she used to make…because it isn’t. It’s dairy-free and naturally sweetened but just as delicious!! Maybe not quite as nostalgic? There’s really nothing to lose by making this healthier version for your kids or guests — they will be equally satisfied.
FLOATZ 😍😍😍 made with @lunaandlarrys vanilla nice cream and stevia-sweetened @zevia ginger root beer. Chugged it.
Just add ice cream scoops to a glass and top with root beer! Serve with a spoon and a straw.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.046204
Retrieved Text: We love football at our house, and yummy food goes hand in hand with a good game! I made these darling Mason Jar Football Root Beer Floats, and not only are they perfect for any football game or football party, they’re super easy and adorable too.
I love floats because they’re so easy to tailor for how many people you’re entertaining…make a couple or a bunch!
The mason jar football root beer floats are super easy to put together…you only need a pint mason jar (I like the wide mouth for this) and bit of white vinyl for each one. You don’t need a vinyl cutter–just a pair of scissors! You can buy vinyl online, or find it at Michael’s, Hobby Lobby, or possibly a local craft retailer. I like to use the removable vinyl, so when the party is over, I can easily take off the football “laces”, and use the mason jars for something else.
Once you’ve made your jars, you’re ready for a good old-fashioned root beer float! I love French Vanilla or Vanilla Bean ice cream, and A&W Root Beer…YUM.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.0297
Retrieved Text: On a hot summer day, there‘s nothing better than cooling off with some ice cream. That’s why we put a grown-up twist on a childhood classic with our list of 12 boozy ice cream float recipes.
Pour blood orange soda and a shot of gin into a glass filled with a scoop of orange sherbet. Top with whipped topping and garnish with an orange slice sprinkled with ground ginger.
Pronounced cali-MO-cho, residents in the Basque Country have been sipping on this cocktail for decades. An extra sweet take on red sangria, this cocktail is traditionally made of two components — red wine and coke. For our Kalimotox (Red Wine) float, we’ve combined equal parts red wine with cherry coke and a scoop of chocolate ice cream. Ditch the red wine for a sweet mock-tail version.
More of a traditional brunch enthusiast? We didn't forget about you! Combine vanilla ice cream, orange juice, and champagne for the perfect early afternoon cocktail. For a mock-tail version, lose the champagne.
One quick sip of this boozy ice cream float will have you feeling peachy keen. To make this fruity treat, pair one scoop of vanilla ice cream with peach lambic beer. Top your ice cream float with a whoosh of Reddi-wip® and garnish with a grilled peach slice. For a mock-tail version, just substitute peach soda for peach lambic beer.
Spike up an Italian coffee house classic with this Boozy Affogato Float. To make each float, put two scoops of vanilla bean ice cream into a heavy, heatproof glass. Add ½ cup of hot

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.929016
Retrieved Text: In 4 small glasses or teacups, add one scoop of vanilla ice cream to each glass.
Slowly pour Guinness stout over the ice cream and serve immediately.
Variations: Substitute chocolate ice cream, add whipped cream, cocoa powder or hot fudge. And for your UNDER-21 friends, use Root Beer or Ginger Beer over the ice cream.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.330257
Retrieved Text: Naturally & artificially flavored. Made with aged vanilla. 10 great tasting calories. Caffeine free. Low sodium. Consumer Comments? 1-866-AW Root Beer. rootbeer.com. Please recycle. Full flavors. Only 10 calories. Let's Play: letsplay.com. A&W Ten has the full flavor of A&W Root Beer with only 10 calories per serving. 10 calories per 12 fl oz serving.
Made with aged vanilla for a delicious creamy and smooth taste. This rich and frothy treat is best enjoyed in an ice-cold mug or with vanilla ice cream for a delicious cream float.
10 great tasting calories. Naturally flavored with other natural flavors. 10 calories per 12 fl oz serving. Contains no juice. Caffeine free. Low sodium.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.187355
Retrieved Text: Epic Root Beer Float (1.5 Gallons) - Videos Line.
Over 4,000 Calories of Root Beer Float Heaven!
There are very few things on this planet than when Root Beer and Vanilla Ice Cream are put together.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.174862
Retrieved Text: Spiked Root Beer Float. I mean come on! Who had a root beer float as a kid? Show of hands.
This cocktail right here kicks the old classic drink up a notch. All you have to do is add whipped cream vodka. Huh, who knew?
Did you know that today, August 6th is National Root Beer Day?
Yup, so that means......there NEEDS to be a spiked version of this timeless drink!
I do enjoy kicking up classic drinks we enjoyed as children up a notch or two! I've done it twice so far in my Surely Not Temple and in my Mr. Robert Roy (Roy Rogers grown up name).
I was never a HUGE fan of root beer floats. Don't hate me!
I dunno........something when that ice cream meets the root beer. It was never my favorite.
Now my gramps used to be asked to make them a lot. I guess he had the ability to make a good one? Not sure. I would get mine.....and then quickly eat all of the ice cream out of it and then very....slowly.....drink the root beer.......or maybe I would dump it? Can't quite remember.
Anyways, I figured if I was to add ALCOHOL to it, I might just like it a bit better.
This cocktail is pretty darn easy to make.
Well although technically there are 2 different ways people make them. It's kind of like the toilet paper debate. Does the end of the toilet paper go over or under the roll. Correct answer is over.
But which side am I on in the root beer float debate?
I'm a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.78482
Retrieved Text: It all started one summer vacation. My family was scrambling to use up all our remaining cocktail ingredients to avoid hauling them back home. We had leftover bourbon, cream, ice cream, vanilla, ice and maple syrup. In a moment of creative inspiration, we threw it all in a blender and - presto! - we had Bourbon Milkshakes. We discovered our concoction tasted great in coffee, root beer floats, in a variety of cocktails and even in baking.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.748554
Retrieved Text: As of 2017, Cooley’s added a soft serve concession trailer to the family. This trailer is perfect for street events, festivals, large family gatherings, and corporate events!
Enjoy your delicious soft serve ice cream in a cone or dish! We offer three flavors on our mobile trailer!
We offer different types of Sundaes. You’re able to choose your desired flavor of ice cream from our three flavors: vanilla, chocolate, twist and then choose your hot toppings!
Nuts, whipped cream, and a cherry is included!
Our frappes consist of swirls of ice cream with two pumps of the following flavors and a dash of milk. Topped with whipped cream and YOUR choice of extra Ghirardelli Caramel or Hershey Chocolate syrup drizzled on top.
Our snow cones are made fresh right in front of your eyes!
We offer root beer floats! What’s better on a hot summer day ? Ice cream meets root beer soda for a delicious blend to cool you off and quench your thirst this summer.
Enjoy a refreshing milk shake on a hot summer day! Our flavors are vanilla, chocolate and twist with a dash of Stewart’s finest whole milk.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.601814
Retrieved Text: Sweet treats leave sweet memories of bygone days.
No matter the season, treats like ice cream, popsicles, and root beer floats are a sweet and fun way to perk anyone up—from a long day at the office to a hard day at school. A scoop of ice cream on a cone (or two or three) or a brightly colored Gourmet Paleta are also the perfect way for you to acknowledge all of life’s little achievements—like birthdays, good grades, fun dates, and everything in-between.
Come celebrate everything that makes your life worth celebrating. Cole’s Gourmet Popcorn & Treats offers year-round ice cream and other frozen treats at our shop, offering a variety of flavors and options. We have dairy free and gluten free options suitable for anyone needing accommodations—so no matter who you are, you can find a treat you’ll love.
Our ice cream is locally sourced from Colorado City Creamery, a locally owned and operated ice cream business that makes a special formulated 14% ice cream mix. We have over 16 flavors to choose from, with a variety of full, vibrant flavors like Cotton Candy, Chocolate Mint, Pikes Peak Trail, Butter Pecan, Strawberry Cheesecake, and Cappuccino.
Paletas are a special kind of Popsicle originally from Mexico that are made with real fruit. Fruits like strawberries, pineapples, and mangos will be found in your Popsicle—making for a delicious, fresh delight. We have a variety of fruity, exotic flavors to choose from and encourage you to try them all.
What kind of candy shop would we be without a signature root beer float?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.550278
Retrieved Text: This grilled fiery "Spicy Werewolf Kabobs" goes great with fresh pitas, chopped onion, and sour cream to temper the black magic heat!
Stir in the garlic, cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper.
Toss the meat in the marinade, cover, and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours.
Easy to make and the taste is fantastic. If you're going to busy all day and don't have the time to slave over a stove when you come home "Troll Stew" is the way to go.
Season beef chunks with salt and pepper.
In a large skillet brown the meat; add to crock pot.
Sprinkle with the flour and chili powder; mix until the meat is evenly coated.
Add the rest of the ingredients except the cheese and stir.
Cover with lid cook on low 6-8 hour or on high 4-6 hours.
Serve in bowls topped with cheese.
The most popular cocktail I make is the "Twisted Black Crow" it is a delicious combination of dark rum, schnapps, ice cream, chocolate and root beer. An awesome cocktail that you most definitely have to try.
Pour root beer, rum and schnapps into a large picture and gentally mix together.
Then pour root beer mixture over 2 scoops of ice cream in a large tumbler glass.
Garnish with whipped cream and a maraschino cherry.
Enjoy this fast-n-delicious "Bloody Cosmopolitan" recipe is perfect for any Halloween Party.
Place ice in martini shaker or pitcher.
Add enough pomegranate juice mixture to fill shaker.
Shake or stir until blended.
Pour into chilled stemmed glasses, straining out ice.
This Quick & Easy "Bloody Sangria" recipes offers a delicious aroma of fresh red

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.34586
Retrieved Text: While there is now a National Ice Cream Soda Day, at one time the drink was banned on Sundays.
Who can resist an ice cream soda, especially when the weather starts to heat up in Denver like it is now. It’s no wonder there is a day to celebrate this creamy, fizzy drink. Make your plans now to celebrate National Ice Cream Soda Day at Gunther Toody’s (we call it a Black Cow or root beer float here).
The ice cream soda was invented by Robert McCay Green in 1874 in Philadelphia. He was operating a soda fountain at the Franklin Institute’s semi-centennial celebration. According to a 1910 interview with Green, he invented the drink as a way to detract attention away from another vendor who had a more impressive soda fountain. He sold vanilla ice cream submerged in soda water with your choice of 16 flavored syrups. The drink became a sensation and eventually the favorite of teens who flocked to soda fountains for socializing over an ice cream soda. Several other men claim to have invented the drink and among them was George Guy, an employee of Robert McCay Green.
In some cities and counties soda water, and therefore ice cream sodas, was banned on Sundays. This led to the invention of the ice cream sundae, as a way for soda fountains to get around the laws and still make money. The ban on soda water came about because the beverage was marketed as a “miracle cure” and therefore needed regulation like alcohol, which also could not

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.3008
Retrieved Text: Root beer floats are out of this World! Take a thick glass and add vanilla ice cream. Then pour in your favorite brand of root beer. You now have a root beer float! Root beer is a unique flavor that caught on in the 20th century. We have a hefty selection of root beer candy which includes the famous root beer barrels.
Trivia: Charles Hires invented root beer in Philadelphia in 1875. Candy Nation is located in the Philly area and carries all sorts of root beer candy!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.299835
Retrieved Text: This incredibly delicious milkshake float comes packed with double the ice cream and malted milk ball candies all over the place!
What on earth is a Shake Float? Well, you’ve heard of a root beer float right…..where you add ice cream to a glass and pour root beer over it.
A shake float is the same only you pour a shake over the ice cream that’s in the glass. And the ice cream in the glass is a different flavor than the ice cream that the shake is made out of.
This shake is made with vanilla ice cream, malted milk balls, and malted milk.
Then, the shake is poured over Expresso Chocolate Chip ice cream.
But you can use any combination of flavors that you like. Just think of the possibilities! What a fun and over the top amazingly delicious treat.
The biggest decision you’ll need to make is if you should use a straw or a spoon.
I used both…maybe at the same time. I don’t remember because it was so good that it was all gone before I knew it.
For the Serving Glasses (the “Float”) – Expresso chocolate chip ice cream (or flavor of your choice).
You may need extra for taste testing.
…add the vanilla ice cream.
Blend on the shake setting or medium speed for about a minute, or until all ingredients are combined. Set aside for just a moment.
…add a few malted milk balls.
Then pour the shake over the ice cream that’s in the glass.
Top with the remaining malted milk balls.
To a blender add malted milk balls (1 cup), milk,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.24077
Retrieved Text: We’re still hanging onto summer here in Oregon, however, not for too much longer. While summer and the hot weather are both still here, we are nearing the end of summer according to the yearly calendar. That being said, we will continue to make homemade vanilla ice cream as long as we can. Making homemade ice cream is really as simple as mixing together the ingredients and finishing it in your ice cream maker. We really enjoy making vanilla ice cream because the toppings and mix-ins are so versatile. Whether you top your ice cream with chocolate sauce, caramel sauce, sprinkles, or add it to a root beer float. But just a bowl of plain old vanilla ice cream is hard to pass up!
This recipe can be altered to your preference. You can substitute the milk for more half-n-half or vice versa. You do need the whipping cream though so that your ice cream has the creamy rich consistency that everyone desires. And don’t let the raw egg scare you! We tried the recipe without the egg and it just isn’t the same. The egg adds to the texture and body of the ice cream. This recipe can also be multiplied to meet your needs. The ice cream bowl we use can only hold one quart of ice cream so we make one quart at a time.
The ice cream maker we use in our home is an attachment to our KitchenAid stand mixer. We love this ice cream bowl and the convenience of its use. We

================



======= Instance Index 1403 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Make stick arms for Frozen Olaf Cake Topper.

Choice 1: Cut your fine gauge wire into small pieces, roll out your black sugarpaste into sausages with balls on the end. Carefully stick your wire through the arms then use your spoon to cut the hands out.

Choice 2: Cut your fine gauge wire into small pieces, roll out your black sugarpaste into sausages with balls on the end. Carefully stick your wire through the arms then use your scalpel to cut the hands out.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.17984
Retrieved Text: Olaf With Elsa Frozen Birthday Cake.
Birthday cake elsa Posted in jocuricubile.us. If you want to use birthday cake elsa , take your time and find the best images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use only.
Birthday cake elsa is one of awesome image reference about designs and ideas. We present this image with the very best to you which will make you comfortable and give you many details idea of birthday cake elsa.
There are so many design and ideas in the post birthday cake elsa that you can find, you can find amazing ideas in the gallery.
Disney Frozen Elsa Birthday Cake Bakealous.
20 Frozen Ideas Frozen Party Bedroom Decor Ideas and Coloring pages.
Twin Doll Cake Elsa Anna Creative Cakes Pinterest Anna Birthday Cake.
11 best Elsa cakes images on Pinterest Birthdays Frozen party and.
Frozen Themed Birthday Cake Elsa Doll Cake For A Frozen Themed.
Birthday Cakes For Kids Fluffy Thoughts Cakes Mclean Va And intended.
pictures of frozen birthday cakes Elsa Frozen Birthday cake.
Two Tier Ruffled Elsa Cake Childrens Birthday Cakes Celebration.
How To Make a Frozen Disney Cake by CakesStepbyStep YouTube.
Frozen cake Elsa cake princess cake tiara cake birthday girl.
Selling Elsa Theme Birthday Cake A 11000 powered by santucom.
Frozen Elsa Birthday Cake Sweet Tasty Bakery.
Yummy frozen cake ideas Food DIY Ideas on size white.
frozen olaf birthday cake Google Search Sugarpaste cakes.
Frozen Elsa Cake CakesDecor Birthday ideas Pinterest Elsa.
Frozen Birthday Cakes Worth Melting For Party Delights Blog.
Best Inspiration Elsa And Anna Birthday Cake And Very Good Top 25.
Elsa Frozen

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.640305
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 09:19:47 am at 04/20/2019 09:19:47 am in Car Topper Walmart.
car topper walmart disney parks exclusive frozen olaf car antenna topper broyhill inch cooling gellux memory foam gel mattress topper broyhill inch cooling gellux memory foam gel mattress topper.
broyhill inch cooling gellux memory foam gel mattress topper broyhill inch cooling gellux memory foam gel mattress topper, disney parks exclusive frozen olaf car antenna topper walmartcom disney parks exclusive frozen olaf car antenna topper, thomas and coal car cake topper walmartcom thomas and coal car cake topper, memory foam pad walmart chair pad memory foam seat cushion cushions memory , cargo carriers and car roof racks walmartcom walmartcom , how to thrive in a roof top tent adventure journal rooftoptentparking, classic vintage rod antique car truck chrome amber antenna topper classic vintage rod antique car truck chrome amber antenna topper, arksen universal black roof rack cargo with extension car top arksen universal black roof rack cargo with extension car top luggage holder carrier basket, lucid lavender scented zoned memory foam mattress topper lucid lavender scented zoned memory foam mattress topper, cast thick aluminum route safety pays license plate fob metal car cast thick aluminum route safety pays license plate fob metal car tag topper, lightning mcqueen cars edible cake image cake topper walmartcom lightning mcqueen cars edible cake image cake topper.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.240818
Retrieved Text: Disney Frozen birthday cakes are in high demand. You may have already found yourself at the receiving end of pleas for a cake featuring one or more of the popular characters. Who can resist the wonder of Elsa, Anna, Olaf, Sven or any of the other memorable Frozen cast? It’s no wonder children want to have their birthday parties built around a Frozen theme. Easy, right?
Blue napkins and punch, snowflakes hanging overhead and rock candy centerpieces, marshmallow snowman treats, and winter themed princess games, royal crafts and… CAKE! What to do about the cake?
Well, you can either hire someone or make it yourself. Kathy from PA regularly makes Frozen cakes for birthday parties. Here are just a few to inspire you.
A 3 tier 6th birthday Frozen cake topped with a snow globe featuring Elsa and Olaf.
A 2 tier 7th birthday Frozen cake topped with a snow globe featuring Anna, Elsa and Olaf.
Olaf tops this 11th birthday frozen cake with hearts and quilting details along with a fondant printed Anna and Elsa image.
This 4th birthday Frozen cake features the most memorable characters atop two snow-capped tiers.
A sweet Frozen cake covered in snowflakes and topped with ice covered trees surrounding Anna, Elsa and Olaf.
A fun two tier cake featuring the popular Frozen characters with a pretty swirled graduated blue icing design on the bottom tier.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.297585
Retrieved Text: It can make bread, cake, biscuit, cookie, chocolate as so on. Color: Randomly send. It will be the good choice for gifts.
100% EDIBLE . 100x1cm (0.4") Sprinkle Roses. Colours may be slightly different depending on pc monitors.
Place the cake topper onto your chosen cake, suitable for use on icing, marzipan and buttercream/frosting. I always suggest attaching your cake topper with a buttercream or frosting – or you can slightly dampen a fondant icing so that it goes “tacky” to touch, and your icing sheet will stick to that great.
100% EDIBLE . 20x4cm (1.575") Flowers. Colours may be slightly different depending on pc monitors.
100% EDIBLE . Sugar decorations should not be refrigerated or frozen. 36x2cm (0.78") Flowers.
100% EDIBLE . Colours may be slightly different depending on pc monitors. 4x3.6cm (1,4") (heigh) Praying Child. 4x4,6cm (1.8") (heigh) Cross. 6x2cm (0,8") Doves.
100% EDIBLE . Sugar decorations should not be refrigerated or frozen.
60x1.5cm (0.599") Daisies. 100% EDIBLE . Colours may be slightly different depending on pc monitors.
100% EDIBLE . 20x4cm (1.562") Flowers. Colours may be slightly different depending on pc monitors.
25x2cm (0.802") Doves. 100% EDIBLE . Sugar decoration should not be refrigerated or frozen.
100% EDIBLE . 20x4cm (1.576") Flowers. Colours may be slightly different depending on pc monitors.
100% EDIBLE . Sugar decorations should not be refrigerated or frozen. 60x1.3cm (0.513") Flowers.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.4609
Retrieved Text: Raise your hand if your kids are pretty much obsessed with the movie Frozen! It has take the world by storm hasn’t it? What sounds more fun than a themed Frozen birthday party for your kids? We’ve gathered up Frozen birthday party ideas to help you plan the BEST and most FUN birthday party ever!
1. DIY Frozen Winter Snowflake Wand: Make snowflake wands out of pretzel sticks and frosting with this tutorial from A Little Pinch of Perfect!
2. Frozen Snowflake Marshmallow Pops: These little marshmallow pops from Around My Family Table are really pretty, easy to make, and kids will gobble them up!
3. Olaf the Snowman Snacks: Aren’t these Olaf snacks the cutest thing you’ve ever seen? Yummy recipe from She Knows!
4. Frozen Jello “Ice Cubes: These Jello ice cubes are so much fun and kids will love them! Bubble Nature Creations has the instructions!
5. Sven’s Snack Mix: Kids will love snacking on this yummy treat from Everyday Savvy during the party!
6. Frozen Popcorn Snowballs: Munch on these balls of gooey goodness with this recipe from Life Made Simple!
7. Frozen Party Supply Pack: Get all your themed plates and cups ready for your party ($19.49 for a 16 set)!
8. Frozen Snowball Tower: You’ll need a lot of powdered sugar donut holes for this pretty and delicious snowball tower from Teach Mama!
9. Frozen Grapes: Try this healthier snack idea from Paging Supermom that is cool, tasty, and easy to make!
10. Frozen Ombre Rice Treats: How fun are these trendy ombre krispie snacks from Two Sisters Crafting?!
11. Frozen

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.0664
Retrieved Text: With all the excitement of the release of the movie Frozen, cake decorators everywhere are inundated with Frozen cake orders. I was excited to do this cake for Taylin’s 2nd birthday as she asked her mom for Olaf on the Beach for her birthday cake. Sandy sent me a picture of a similar cake and I changed the colours and figurine to suit my beach design adding waves on the board splashing up the side of the cake onto the beach where Olaf is in his element wearing his nifty sunglasses. Olaf’s floral garland I made by cutting loads of tiny blossoms, glueing them together and then draping them around Olaf’s neck. I added glittered snowflakes among the waves and on the beach and then used the snowflakes as the decoration for the matching Frozen Cupcakes. The most rewarding moment was when Taylin’s mom Sandy told me that her youngest daughter actually kissed Olaf when she saw the cake arriving.
← Tennis Cake for Byron’s 21st!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.88873
Retrieved Text: Another great inspiration from Birthday Express!
Disney’s Frozen officially became the best-selling animated film of all-time in 2014, and the world of Frozen is set to grow even more in 2015! Frozen Fever, a short film featuring Anna, Elsa, Kristoff, and Olaf, will be premiering with the new Cinderella movie, on March 13.
Our collections of Frozen party supplies and party ideas are growing to match, too. If you and your child can’t get enough of Frozen, you’ll definitely want to check out these party tips.
Here’s just one of our new favorite ways to throw a Frozen birthday party, and it’s all about Olaf! The cuddly snowman who loves warm hugs is here to have fun. This theme can also be a great idea for a gender-neutral birthday party, as it plays up the Frozen atmosphere without going overboard on princess power.
We built up our Olaf party mostly with basic blue and white party supplies. As always, layers are the key! Try accenting with splashes of contrasting colors like orange, and pairing with natural wood textures. Pine cones and faux wood pieces from the craft store are a nice addition to the table. You can make some quick and crafty placemats and table runners from squares of brown paper and burlap fabric, too.
This set of Olaf party supplies includes a plastic plate, a plastic cup, and a plastic bowl, all with adorable illustrations inspired by the movie. Not only are they great for giving the guest of honor an extra special experience, but they’re completely washable and reusable,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.369755
Retrieved Text: Do you want to build a snowman? Now you can, anytime ? using buttercream icing and fondant for an Olaf the Snowman from Frozen Cupcake! It?s easy to build a snowman anytime ? just make extra snowman heads, arms and buttons so all you need to do is prepare a batch of cupcakes and icing and decorate.
Make heads and ?coal? 1 day in advance. Knead 1/8 tsp. Gum-Tex into a 3 in. ball of white fondant. For each head, tint fondant 1/2 in. ball orange for nose and 1/2 in. ball black for mouth, pupils and coal. Reserve remaining fondant.
Use fondant roller with purple guide rings to roll out 1 1/4 in. ball of white fondant 1/8 in. thick. Use knife and pattern to cut out head. Place on parchment paper-covered cake board. Use fondant roller with pink guide rings to roll out remaining white fondant 1/16 in. thick. Use knife and pattern to cut out lip and tooth.
Use fondant roller with pink guide rings to roll out black fondant 1/16 in. thick. Use knife and pattern to cut mouth and use small end of tip 6 to cut two pupils.
Roll remaining white fondant in two balls, each 1/4 in., and flatten slightly for eyes.
Form orange fondant into carrot-shaped nose, 3/4 in. long x 5/16 in. at base. Roll remaining black fondant in three flattened balls, each 3/8 in., shaping as desired to resemble lumps of coal.
Use dampened brush to attach mouth and lip to face, then adhere tooth on mouth. Attach base of nose to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.13936
Retrieved Text: Ever since I saw a peak at the artwork for Disney’s FROZEN, I’ve been itching to see the trailer! Don’t get me wrong, the teaser was absolutely adorable. My son was laughing nonstop when we saw the teaser, featuring Olaf the Snowman and a reindeer named Sven, before Disney’s PLANES! Olaf is voiced by the hilarious Josh Gad.
After seeing my son’s cheerful reaction to Olaf, I decided to make our snowman fruit pops a little early this year! If your child enjoys bananas, then this is a super easy snack to make them in honor of Disney’s Frozen!
Simply slice your banana into 3 “circles” that are thick enough in width to place on the skewer. Then slip them onto the skewer as seen as below. Make sure the skewer doesn’t go completely through the top slice or “head”. If you have a very little one, make sure they are careful with the sharp point of the skewer.
Place two chocolate chips on the middle slice for buttons, and then two more on the top slice for eyes. For Olaf’s nose, simply cut a triangle out of a carrot stick. I’ve found that cutting the top off a “baby carrot” and then cutting that in half vertically works great!
See? So simple and just a few easy steps to see a smile on your little one’s face when they see their Olaf snack! The Olaf Banana Pop makes either a great snack, or even a dessert! One option is to use raisins instead of the mini chocolate chips. You

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.19102
Retrieved Text: Twenty First Birthday Cake Topper, Classy 21st Birthday Topper, Twenty One Birthday Cake Topper - Easy to clean, and can be used as home decoration for a lifetime after weddings or parties. Welcome to our store to pick up item. Made of black high quality acrylic,if you want wood,email me. Great gift for newly-wed bride and groom, perfect for weddings, anniversaries, valentine’s day gift or birthday parties. Size cake topper shape in 45-55 inch wide, suitable for 6 inch cake.
All About Details Silver Happy-21st-birthday Cake Topper - – 2 food safe wood sticks that can easily set on your prefer height., If you’re looking for cake topper economical than rhinestones/crystals, this is the item please read product description before finalizing your order., Ideal for 8-in cake to celebrate 21st birthday dimension of 4″ height (plus 4″ wood stick handles) and up to 6″ width., Handmade 3 layers of 85lb glittered cardstock, 95lb shimmer cardstock and another layer of 90lb shimmer cardstock., Complimenting all about details cupcake wrappers are available to match this cake topper, kindly refer in product’s description for more information.
All About Details Purple Happy-21st-birthday Cake Topper - – handmade 3 layers of 85 to 95lb cardstocks., 2 food safe wood sticks that can easily set on your prefer height., Complimenting all about details cupcake wrappers are available to match this cake topper, kindly refer in product’s description for more information., If you’re looking for cake topper economical than rhinestones/crystals, this is the item please read product description before finalizing your order., Ideal for 8-in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.953445
Retrieved Text: There’s a good assortment of Frozen ornaments to choose from, including all of the major characters. Add some snowflake ornaments, some white frosted ornaments, some icy blue garland and you have a beautiful “Frozen” Christmas tree.
All of the major Frozen characters are here waiting to find a home on your Christmas tree. Sven the Reindeer is here along with Kristoff. There are even shoes from Anna and Elsa. And of course, your tree would not be complete without Olaf the snowman.
Snowflakes are a natural for a Frozen themed tree. They’ll go well with your Disney Frozen Christmas ornaments and what a cute tree they’ll make! Disney Frozen Christmas ornaments will make wonderful gifts this year as well. Give one to the person whose name you drew. They’re great for gift exchanges at work, gift baskets, stocking stuffers, or any gift giving occasion.
There are lots of great decorations you could use for a Frozen themed Christmas tree, including beautiful blue garlands, icicle ornaments, and teal pine cones. Give your Frozen tree a glittering tree skirt and top it off with a lovely teal tree topper. These things will provide a stunning backdrop for your Disney Frozen Christmas Ornaments.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.155422
Retrieved Text: Oct 18, 2016 · Nightmare before Christmas cake topper. In this cake decorating tutorial I show you how to make Zero the dog as a cake topper from the movie 'The Nightmare Before Christmas' as it seemed like a.
That’s all three fondant Nightmare Before Christmas cupcake toppers! I hope the tutorial How to make a nightmare before christmas cake topper helpful and feel free to send me an email or comment if you have any questions. If you make your own cupcake toppers, send me a photo–I’d love to see your creations! Sunday Sweets: Tim Burton Tribute!. Made by Making That Cake. The Nightmare Before Christmas characters were originally. The topper is different from the one.
Nightmare Before Christmas 17 Piece Birthday Cake Topper Set Featuring 2" to 3" Cake Topper Figures of Lock, Shock, Zero, Jack Skellington, Sally, Barrel and Other Decorative Themed Accessories 4. 2 out of 5 stars 33 The greatest thing about decorating with a theme based on The Nightmare Before Christmas is that it works for both Halloween and Christmas. There are all kinds of tutorials to make your own characters online, but if you're going for a look that can span the two holidays, consider adding lights and fake snow to your roof and putting Jack in his.
Nightmare Before Christmas 17 Piece Birthday Cake Topper Set Featuring 2" to 3" Cake Topper Figures of Lock, Shock, Zero, Jack Skellington, Sally, Barrel and Other Decorative Themed Accessories by Nightmare Before Christmas Sep 14, 2016 · Simple design still required some time with

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.987736
Retrieved Text: How fun would it be to do Christmas in Family Matching Disney Jammies! Think Frozen & an All Olaf Family (ok, if you have a little princess, she can wear her Elsa sleepwear!) Consider placing this peel & stick giant Elsa wall decal behind your Christmas tree decorated in blues and whites. Now set up your tripod and insert Olaf clad family into the pic. This picture is definitely holiday card worthy!
Or maybe stick with traditional Christmas colors and make it an All Disney Christmas. The best part is that pajamas can double as Halloween costumes.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.984987
Retrieved Text: This cutie pie of a penguin cake topper will take you 15 minutes and instantly transform your cake – let us show you how!
Use 37g of black icing. Create a pear shape. Using a sharp knife gently cut a line into the sides to create arms. Gently smooth edges and shape arms as you’d like them to be. Allow to dry.
Roll out white icing, use a small round cutter for the face. Glue with a little water.
Roll out more white icing for the body. Use a slightly larger circle for the tummy. Glue with a little water. Use toothpick to make eyes and belly button.
To make a nose, use a little red icing and make a triangle shape. Carefully glue onto the face. If it doesn’t hold, use a little spaghetti (pasta)- break off a little and stick it into the head with a little left poking out then stick the nose onto the spaghetti.
Use approximately 2g of red icing to create his feet. Make two round circles and attach to the body. Use a sharp knife and cut two lines on top. Allow to dry.
Upside down baby penguin – use a small amount of black icing and make an oval shape. Cut a round circle and glue with a little water onto tummy. Repeat Step 6 for his feet, but use a very small amount of red icing. Carefully glue and allow to dry.
TIP: Be sure to have dry hands when working with fondant. If your hands get sticky, use a little icing sugar. Browse

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.95947
Retrieved Text: You will make a circle for the head guide like so.
Next, draw in two large eyes and then the eyeballs.
Color in the pupils and then draw the cone nose as well as the mouth and one tooth. Add the stripes on the nose too.
Draw the twigs from the head which are supposed to be like hair strands.
Now you can draw chibi Olaf's body which is also round. Add the branch style arms and hands.
Lastly, draw and color in three dots down the torso. Erase whatever mistakes you might have made.
That's it, chibi Olaf is done. Color him in and add this drawing to the many sketches you have on characters from Frozen.
I'm pretty sure I don't have any other chibi characters to upload from the Frozen series. Here is my last chibi tut of a character from Frozen on "how to draw chibi Olaf", step by step. Olaf is my little sisters favorite character in the movie because he is so funny. When she seen this tut she said, "he is my favorite character". I know she likes this lesson which means if you are a Frozen fan you will too. So go ahead and have fun folks and I will be back with more lessons for you all.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.909294
Retrieved Text: CLEARANCE FREE STANDARD SHIPPING – 24 Picks – Valentine Glitter LOVE Cupcake Toppers with a Bonus Cupcake Tips Card – We Ship Within 1 Business Day!
CLEARANCE FREE STANDARD SHIPPING – 24 Picks – Valentine Glitter LOVE Cupcake Toppers with a Bonus Cupcake Tips Card – We Ship Within 1 Business Day! - Only crispie sweets sells official crispie sweets cupcake topper kits. All crispie sweets bags are heat sealed for quality control and safety. Comes with 24 cupcake toppers and a bonus cupcake tips card that contains 10 tips for baking perfect cupcakes. We ship within 1 business day with free standard shipping (expedited shipping costs extra) if order is placed before the day’s mail pickup, we usually ship same day. Crispie sweets cupcake topper kits are packaged in a high quality, reusable, zip pouch with an airtight resealable closure.
AKGifts Adults Romantic Love Cupcake Toppers / Cake Decorations – 30 Edible Easy Precut Circles 006 (7 – 10 BUSINESS DAYS DELIVERY FROM UK) - Ideal for children’s and adults birthday, parties or special occasions/events. Round circle approx size 4cm each perfect for your cupcakes, muffins and cookies. Fully edible, premium quality, thick wafer card. Gluten free, nut free, kosher certified, suitable for vegetarians and vegans, brc and ifs certified. No cutting required these toppers are pre-cut and ready to be applied directly to your cakes.
Hemarty 24pcs Gold Love Cupcake Topper Valentine’s Day Decoration Birthday Wedding Party Decoration - – material glitter paper and bamboo stick., Size approx 10 25cm(l w)., Packing 24pc., Perfect for wedding, engagement,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.853088
Retrieved Text: This listing is for an INSTANT DOWNLOAD Printable PDF file for Non Personalized Complete from our SNOW PRINCESS Collection!
8.) 2 - 5 1/2" OVAL SIGNS- Read: " Melted Olaf Punch", " Do You Want Build A Snowman"
9.) 17 - CANDY JAR OVALS 2.5" - Read: ""Elsa's Snowflakes", " Elsa's Ice Wands", "a Kiss to Melt a Frozen Heart", "Olaf's Noses", "Elsa's Ice Crystals", "Elsa's Ice Palace Pops", "Elsa's Icicles", "Elsa's Snowballs", "Elsa's Coronation Cupcakes", "Elsa's Ice Trees", "Elsa's Castles", " Olaf's Noses" , "Olaf's Arms", "Olaf's Buttons", "Elsa's Snow"
11.) 12 FOOD LABELS - Read: "Elsa's Coronation Treats", "Castle Sweets", "Olaf's Snow Mans", "Elsa's Snowflakes", " Elsa's Palace Sweet Treats", "Olaf's Warm Hugs", "Castle Cookies", " Elsa's Coronation Cupcakes", "Elsa's Ice Crystals", "Elsa's Icy Blue Dessert Trifle", "Chocolate Covered Snowflakes", Elsa's Snowballs"
19.) 6 - THANK YOU TAGS - Read: "Thanks for coming to my Frozen Party"
20.) FAVOR BAG TOPPERS - Read: "Do you Want to Build a Snowman"
21.) 5 - 5 X7" SIGNS - Read: "Let It Go" , "Thank You Snow Much", "Do You Want To Build A Snowman", "Warm Hugs", "Please Take One"
22.) TABLE PICTURES - "Castle" & " Elsa"
25.) 2 - 8 X 11" ICE CREAM BAR SIGN - Read: "Elsa's Ice Cream Bar", "a Kiss to Melt A Frozen Heart"
26.) ICE CREAM BAR LABELS - Read: "Olaf Noses", "Elsa's Snowcaps", " Elsa's Chocolate", "Olaf Arms", " Snow Candies"
27.) PHOTO BOOTH PROPS: "Antlers", "Olaf Mask", "8" Gold Crown", "3 - 4" Gold Crowns", "8" Silver Crown", "3 - 4" Silver Crowns", " Snowflakes -

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.771358
Retrieved Text: A few months back I did a hand lettered piece of Olaf and one of my favourite songs from the movie Frozen. This time, I thought it would be fun to take that piece and make it into a little pin using shrink plastic, and it turned out to be a great idea.
1. Turn on the torch light function of your phone, if your phone has one.
2. Place your phone in a box file with the torch light side up.
3. Close the box. And there you have a makeshift light box that's good enough for small projects! I just placed my Olaf image face down on the flat surface of the box file, put the shrink plastic above it and could trace it easily.
It really is that simple. A light box is such a novelty item as they are way out of my budget but with this neat trick, it sure is going to be enough for what I need it for. To trace Olaf, I used a Japanese Artline marker that is meant to be used for writing on photos. White pens and markers have always given me problems but this one worked surprisingly well.
Trim the excess plastic. I always find cutting shrink plastic frustrating because it isn't easy to cut corners even with a pair of small scissors. Usually, I will end up scratching the top plastic by accident. But I think I did quite alright this time.
Stick it in the toaster on a sheet of baking/parchment paper, and get ready for the most

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.58047
Retrieved Text: This game right here is one which you can't miss out and we are sure you are going to ahve a nice time playing it if you simply are curious enough to play it, so simply come and try it out because all you need to do is just be curious about it , all the games here on our site are hte perfect ones for you because we, the administrative team of the site are here to make sure you have a nice time and we know you are going to have the best time ever with Olaf, the cute snowman from Frozen. He is here because he wants the cutest and the most beautiful cake ever and we know you are talented hen it comes to creativity and decorations, so come and help Olaf with the most beautiful cake ever. Good luck!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.521137
Retrieved Text: Buy products related to frozen cakes and see what customers say about frozen cakes on Amazon.com ✓ FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases. Buy products related to frozen cake products and see what customers say about frozen cake products on Amazon.com ✓ FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible . Products 1 – 40 of 548 – Shop for Frozen Desserts & Bakery in Frozen Foods. Buy products such as Edwards Turtle Pie 5.4 oz. Box at Walmart and save. To order your cake, just complete the Walmart Cakes Order Form and bring it to your . Mickey & Minnie Classic, Minnie Mouse, Disney Frozen, Disney Princess, . Frozen Adventure Friends Cupcake Rings Cupcakes · Frozen Anna’s Cake PhotoCake® Image Strips Cake · Frozen A Winter’s Tale PhotoCake® Image Frame . Frozen Cake delivered anywhere in the London area. Plus over 800 other cake designs, made fresh to order. Click for London’s favourite cake maker. Buy Cakes at ASDA.com. . ASDA Clyde the Caterpillar Cake. Add to shopping list. See more details. each. Serves 12. ASDA Clyde the Caterpillar Cake. (15). Items 1 – 30 of 295 – Ferguson Plarre Bakehouses has a wide range of birthday cakes to suit everyone all . Customise our Birthday Cakes and order online now. Buy Birthday & party cakes online from Sainsbury’s, the same great quality, freshness and choice you’d find in store. Choose from 1 hour delivery slots and .
Sep 19, 2018- Explore Pat Korn’s board “Disney’s Frozen Cakes” on Pinterest. See more ideas about Disney frozen cake, Birthday cakes

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.45974
Retrieved Text: Disney Frozen 6 piece Figurine Playset.
Includes Sven, Hans, Princess Anna and Elsa, Kristoff and Olaf.
Figures range in height from 2 1/2 inches (Olaf) to 4 inches (Kristoff).
Could also be used as cake toppers.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.417028
Retrieved Text: Hi! My name is Olaf, and I like warm hugs!
Becca turned 7! She designed her cake last year, the Squiggly Heart Cake, and I got to design her cake this year! And I'm really proud of myself for making Olaf. He's standing on edge, and his arms and hair were made with fondant! I tried to do it with chocolate first, but then it got droopy... but it all worked out. And, I got the best compliment!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.192326
Retrieved Text: Celebrate with Olaf and 3 Snowgies from Anna's birthday party in the Walt Disney Animation Studios' short, Frozen Fever. Mix and match all the pieces, including the Snowgies! With a birthday cake, 2 cups, and a snow globe gift for Anna, Olaf is ready for a fun celebration! Disney Hasbro and all related terms are trademarks of Hasbro.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.487154
Retrieved Text: Rhinestone Birthday Cake Topper Number 21 key ..
Rhinestone Birthday Cake Topper Gold MR & MRS, Vincenza..
Stencil Size approx 148 x 148mm. ..
50th birthday cocktail flag picks Each flag measures 1x..
This cute Glitter Happy Easter with Bunnies Cake Topper is perfect addition to any Easter C..
Edible wafer rice paper Same Day Shipping ..
Blue Sparkle Numeral Candle - Number 3 - 70mm - JWGDGL1VA..
PERSONALISED CAKE TOPPERS NEXT DAY DELIVERY AVAILABLE ..
10 Photo Booth Props Various sizes Stick size -..
Rhinestone Birthday Cake Topper Number 40 ..
A glitter silver shoe cake decoration. This is a flat decoration which comes ready assemble..
These gorgeous glittery silver little number 16 cupcake toppers with light pink bows are pe..
DIY assembling cake topper. Colorful mini windmill design adds brilliance to your cakes. ..

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.474564
Retrieved Text: Frozen has become a Disney phenomenon! Such a hugely popular film – but it’s not hard to see why. It has some wonderfully memorable characters, an interesting story and a brilliant catchy soundtrack!
I’ve seen it multiple times now and still enjoy it every time. Here are some great Frozen Wall Stickers to buy your Frozen fans!
A stunning giant Elsa wall sticker, with glitter! Perfect for a Frozen themed bedroom.
Anna and her other “Frozen” pals in a Frozen wall sticker set. Simple to peel and stick! Your child can create their own Frozen scene.
A low cost Frozen wall sticker, simple to peel and stick!
Easy to apply and also reusable.
This Frozen wall sticker looks lovely with the open-window effect.
Elsa with the loveable Olaf and surrounding snowflakes!
Easy to reuse and reapply without a problem.
Dimensions are 45 x 65 cm.
A really pretty window design wall sticker, featuring Elsa and Anna.
Easy to move and to also reuse.
3 different sizes available: Medium 29cm x 48cm, Large 35.6cm x 59cm, X-Large 59cm x 97.7cm.
They also do custom made orders and designs.
I adore this wall sticker, It looks as though they’re in a snow cloud! They also show some lovely expressions. Made from quality vinyl.
“The Cold Never Bothered Me Anyway” Frozen Wall sticker – song quote! Multiple colours and sizes available.
27 different colours are available and four sizes.
Dimensions Small W36.5 x H29cm, Medium W73 x H58cm, Large W109 x H87cm, Extra Large W145.5 x H116cm.
“Do you want to build a snowman” frozen wall sticker – a quote from one of the songs! You can

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.456427
Retrieved Text: Soooo we were making “snowmen” ornaments the other day (check out our Rainbow Snowmen Ornaments here and lots more DIY Ornaments to browse too)… and had JUST finished them all off… when I suddenly thought.. hey… I want to build a snooooowoman…..! In which case we NEED and Olaf Snowman Ornament too.. and hey presto, 10 minutes (or so) later, I had whipped up this little Frozen craft for you (actually, I tell a lie, if you include 10minutes for the paint to dry, we are looking at about a 20-25min craft!!). What do you think? Do you like our Champagne Cork turned Olaf Craft?! Super easy to do and lots of fun! My kids ADORE him.
Love Ornaments? Check out our new Christmas Ornament Book. 30 of our favourite ornaments brought together in one place. Sorted by age. Each craft is shared on one page – making the perfect worksheet print outs. Lovely to have them all in one place too!
Pipe cleaners – I had very thin “mini” pipecleaners in black and brown, but you could use real twigs or card board cut out if you don’t have any?
1) Paint your corks white.
2) I used a wire cutter, with a pointy end to make a hole in the top of the cork – use scissors or a sharp knife instead. But handle with care!
4) Make your Olaf craft arms – cut a longish brown bit, then a shorter brown bit of pipe cleaner and wrap it around the longer one – to make a 3 fingered

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.189865
Retrieved Text: Finish your anniversary cakes, birthday cakes and other baked treats with one of these Wooden Number Toppers.
The topper design features the number itself, with it also spelt out in letters along the side in an elegant, curving style.
The wooden number topper has a light, birch effect that looks great on cakes no matter the style, whether it’s vintage or contemporary. Please be aware that the design on the wood may be slightly different from the picture due the grain and knots being different on each piece of wood it is cut from.
The topper comes on prongs that you can simply push into your cake until they reach the cake board, or if you’d prefer it sticking out a little higher, only push it half way through the cake. PLEASE NOTE that when pushing the topper into your cake, not to push it in too quickly or forcefully and to hold the topper at the base of the design when pushing it in. This will help avoid any potential damage to the topper or your cake.
As the topper is made from wood we would recommend coating it in Safety Seal before pushing it into your cake, to ensure that the topper is food safe, as you would with any non-edible cake topper.
The topper is also available in other numbers, colours and materials if this is not the one you are looking for.
The stick part of the topper measures approximately: 7cm tall.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.054342
Retrieved Text: , choices the very best choices with best resolution just for you, and now this photos is one among photographs selections within our greatest photographs gallery concerning Best Of Birthday Cake Designs for Kids. I hope you might as it.
published by simply koyaz with 2019-02-10 18:02:19. To determine many images with Best Of Birthday Cake Designs for Kids graphics gallery make sure you follow this kind of web page link.
Birthday Cake Designs For Kids Fresh Birthday Cake Pune Awesome Delivery Birthday Cakes Uploaded by koyaz on Sunday, February 10th, 2019 in category Modern Wedding cakes.
See also Birthday Cake Designs For Kids Beautiful Olaf Frozen Cake How To Make By Cakes Stepbystep from Modern Wedding cakes Topic.
Here we have another image Birthday Cake Designs For Kids Awesome 16th Birthday Cake Ideas Attractive Petition For Searching The World featured under Birthday Cake Designs For Kids Fresh Birthday Cake Pune Awesome Delivery Birthday Cakes. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to download the pictures in high quality, simply right click the image and choose "Save As". Thanks for reading Birthday Cake Designs For Kids Fresh Birthday Cake Pune Awesome Delivery Birthday Cakes.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.03829
Retrieved Text: Beat egg slightly in a bowl. Add in oil, water and hotcake mix. Stir just until slightly lumpy (Do not overmix).
Divide batter into separate custard cups and color as desired.
Transfer in piping bags or squeezer bottles.
Fill half of the mug with colored batter mixture. Decorate as desired.
Cook in the microwave oven for 30 seconds, with 10 second intervals on a medium power setting.
Check doneness of the center using a barbecue stick. Allow to cool.
Color using black, red, copper, pink and blue food gels. Set aside a portion of the white fondant.
Cut flesh colored fondant into round shapes and mold other fondants of the same color into arms.
Mold black fondants into graduation toga.
Cut white fondant into small squares and roll up like a scroll.
Cut thin strips of the red fondant and tie around the scroll. Use a tylose dissolved in warm water to stick the two fondants together.
Cover almond sticks with black fondant. This will serve as the body. Using tylose, attach the head and the hat, let it dry. Next is the arms and the diploma. 13. Poke the topper in the cake. Let it stand.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.007774
Retrieved Text: A fantastic non stick mould, perfect for use with; sugar paste, modelling paste, modelling chocolate, candy melts and more. All moulds work best with a small spray of cake release spray, then push the paste into your mould before flipping it over face down onto a flat surface and peeling away the mould to reveal your creation.
This silicone sugarcraft mould is fantastic for a birthday cupcake topper or for a message on a larger cake.
Also works with modelling paste, isomalt, gum paste, chocolate, jelly and more. All our moulds work best with a little cake release sprayed into the mould first.
This silicone sugarcraft mould is fantastic for cute decorations for cakes or cupcakes!
Also works with modelling paste, isomalt, gum paste, chocolate, jelly and more.
A fantastic silicone mould, designed to make your Unicorn Cupcakes quick and easy! Made from Food Grade Non-Stick Silicone. Use the mould with Sugarpaste / Flowerpaste / Marzipan / Chocolate etc. For easy removal, use a tiny bit of cake release spray then remove from the mould by gently squeezing the sides and peeling away.
A cute Shells Silicone Mould for making Chocolate / Fondant / Jelly Shells that can be used for Cake and Cupcake Decoration, Mini Gifts and so much more!
– Freezer and Oven Proof (from -60 degrees to +280 degrees C).
This silicone sugarcraft mould is fantastic for Edible Number Toppers for your cakes or cupcakes.
This silicone sugarcraft mould is fantastic for making a a Lightning Bolt Topper for your cakes or cupcakes. Would be perfect for Superhero Cakes!
This silicone sugarcraft mould

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To fight Ivan Drago in Rocky for sega master system.

Choice 1: Drago isn't in this game because it was released before Rocky IV.

Choice 2: You have to defeat Apollo Creed and Clubber Lang first.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.026653
Retrieved Text: Will “Rocky 4” Villain Ivan Drago Be in “Creed 2”?
The awesome thing about “Creed” was that yeah, it was technically a “Rocky” movie, but it didn’t wallow too much in nostalgia. It was a NEW chapter in the saga. It moved FORWARD.
But SYLVESTER STALLONE might want to abandon that strategy for the sequel, because he’s been dropping hints about the return of IVAN DRAGO, the Russian villain from “Rocky 4”. He was played by DOLPH LUNDGREN, of course.
Which is either just a cheap, soap opera ploy . . . or makes total sense, since Drago is the man who KILLED Apollo Creed.
It seems crazy that Drago could fight the young Creed, since Lundgren is 59 and MICHAEL B. JORDAN is 30. But hey, didn’t Rocky fight a young guy in “Rocky Balboa”?
There’s also the possibility that Drago has a SON . . . and the KIDS face off. Or maybe Stallone is just trying to see if he can get someone interested in this idea. Obviously, nothing is official at this point.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.24834
Retrieved Text: Dolph Lundgren Autograph Ivan Drago Rocky 8×10 colour photograph. Image showing Drago and Rocky fight scene. Signed in black marker.
UACC & AFTAL Registered Dealer.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.285965
Retrieved Text: Synopsis: After reclaiming the boxing championship title, Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stallone) plans to retire and live with his wife, Adrian (Talia Shire). However, during an exhibition match, Rocky's friend Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers) is mercilessly beaten to death by hulking Russian newcomer Ivan Drago (Dolph Lundgren). Rocky vows payback against Drago and flies to Russia to train for a Christmas Day fight. Despite their different training methods, Rocky and Drago both wage a long and intense match.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.070435
Retrieved Text: ‘Creed II’ - Michael B. Jordan, Sylvester Stallone. Adonis Creed faces off against Vitor Drago, the son of Ivan Drago.
Under the tutelage of Rocky Balboa, newly crowned light heavyweight champion Adonis Creed faces off against Vitor Drago, the son of Ivan Drago. Adonis Creed tries to seek revenge when he goes toe to toe with the man who killed his father.
Life has become a balancing act for Adonis Creed. Between personal obligations and training for his next big fight, he is up against the challenge of his life. Facing an opponent with ties to his family’s past only intensifies his impending battle in the ring. Rocky Balboa is there by his side through it all and together they will confront their shared legacy, question what’s worth fighting for, and discover that nothing’s more important than family.
© 2018 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures Inc. / Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.998184
Retrieved Text: Rocky IV is the fourth and most successful movie, in terms of box office gross, of the Rocky franchise. Rocky Balboa (played again by Sylvester Stallone), has said he plans to retire from boxing after recovering his title from Clubber Lang in Rocky III. A new sensation from the Soviet Union, Ivan Drago (played by Dolph Lundgren), however, begins to emerge as a top contender.
Following his win over Clubber Lang, Rocky retires to spend time with his family. When Ivan Drago (Lundgren), an intimidating, huge, Soviet boxer arrives in America to challenge the best American fighters. Apollo Creed, motivated by patriotism and a desire to prove himself after retirement, quickly jumps at the chance to step back into the ring in an exhibition bout against Drago. Despite apprehension from Rocky, who eventually agrees to help train him, Apollo sets the match between himself and Drago in Las Vegas. With Rocky in his corner, Apollo flamboyantly makes his way to the ring with a bigger show than when he first fought Rocky, which includes fireworks, a concert by James Brown, and a patriotic theme, including a crowd implacably hostile to the visiting Soviet boxer. The match turns into a tragedy, however, as Creed, after several blows is killed in the second round, after Creed, implored by Rocky, refuses to stop the match.
Feeling grief over not stopping the fight, and incensed by Drago's cold indifference to killing Apollo, "If he dies, he dies", Rocky decides he must avenge Apollo's death and sets a match with the Russian. The

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.790237
Retrieved Text: Wait, wasn’t that a plotline in the “Rocky” films?
Yes, this summary sounds familiar — those of sequels and reboots often do, and “Creed II” is a sequel of a reboot, after all. In the follow-up to the 2015 hit, legacy boxer Adonis Creed (Michael B. Jordan) can’t resist going toe-to-toe with Viktor Drago, the son and trainee of Ivan Drago, the former Soviet heavyweight who fatally knocked out Apollo Creed.
Indeed, the sequel steers clear of simmering tensions between the U.S. and Russia, which have dominated the news cycle since the 2016 presidential election. It’s a strategic storytelling move that paid off at the Thanksgiving weekend box office (it was No. 2 at the weekend box office with $35.3 million, E3).
“Creed II” only faintly echoes the sentiments of 1985’s “Rocky IV.” Released in the midst of the Cold War, it boasted a political agenda as loud as the flashy, star-spangled blazer that Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers) donned in the ring. Ivan Drago was introduced as an indestructible, superhuman contender, equipped with steroids and state-of-the-art technology and, therefore, impossible to defeat.
Played by Dolph Lundgren and often dressed in a Soviet military uniform, Drago was robotic, expressionless and incapable of remorse after Apollo died in their fight. Sylvester Stallone’s Rocky Balboa then headed to Moscow to avenge the loss of his friend — and America’s honor.
Nevertheless, “Rocky IV” became the highest-grossing installment of the five-film “Rocky” franchise, raking in $300 million worldwide. Drago has been referenced in everything from “Family Guy” and “Chuck” to a John Kerry interview in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.54958
Retrieved Text: With his military crew cut, and Soviet jib, Ivan Drago (Dolph Lundgren) could be described as one of Rocky’s more outrageous villains. Humongous, steroid fuel-injected and oiled Siberian machine accentuated with a very “royal-esque” Soviet trophy wife (Brigette Nielsen).
As a blast from the past, Creed II’s connection to Rocky IV was less about the plot, and more about the spectacle. The death of Rocky’s former rival and friend Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers), places the American into the Russian tundra, training in remote locations with a very minimalistic approach, with the big Ivan Drago training in high-tech, highly-funded environment. If that film was made in the Stalin era, it would be approved for Russian nationalism points.
The plot of Creed II starts shortly after Adonis Creed’s (Michael B. Jordan) victory for the heavyweight belt. The magnitude of this victory in scope is miniscule as he is then called out by a Drago, the even bigger son, Viktor (Florian Munteanu), a boxer who grew up in a home with no love, and just a cold and gray environment of Kiev, Ukraine – the point of exile for Ivan following his loss against Rocky.
Parading straight into the fight with only vengeance and reputation in his sights, Adonis is swiftly bruised and overwhelmed by the sheer mass, power, and speed of Viktor. A set of broken ribs and a ruptured organ later, Viktor is disqualified for a cheap shot after Adonis was down.
Even though on paper it was a victory as a result of disqualification, Adonis is emotionally, mentally, and even

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.47659
Retrieved Text: Home » News » First trailer for Creed II arrives online!
After previously ending on what many would regard as the perfect note to retire on, the “Rocky” franchise roared back to life with 2015’s ” Creed”, which shifted the focus to Adonis, the son of the Italian Stallion’s old pal, Apollo Creed. Now, “Hollywood Donnie” is ready to step back into the ring once more for his biggest fight yet in the upcoming “Creed II”, which has recently released its new trailer that you can see below!
Even without taking a gander at the trailer, it’s crystal clear that “Creed II” is even more heavily swept up in the nostalgia of the “Rocky” series than its predecessor. Not only will the film see Dolph Lundgren return to the role as the fearsome Russian boxer Ivan Drago, the film’s heavy will be none other than Drago’s own son, Viktor, played by Florian Munteanu.
While there are currently no specifics on the details of how Donnie and Drago go head-to-head in the ring, “Creed II” appears to be positioning itself almost as much a direct sequel to “Rocky IV” as to its immediate predecessor. “Creed” itself ties the most directly into Ivan Drago’s debut into the franchise with its introduction of Donnie born out of Apollo’s death at the hands of Ivan Drago in that film.
With the sequel setting Donnie up for something of a revenge match against the son of his father’s killer, “Creed II” could end up as both a blast of nostalgia and a companion piece to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.20423
Retrieved Text: According to new posts on Social Media, the cast and crew of Creed II, the sequel to the hit 2015 film, have wrapped production in Philadelphia. Production on the sequel had started back in March, with Dolph Lundgren reprising his role as Ivan Drago, Rocky’s Russian Rival who was one of the main focuses of Rocky IV. Also there on set was Florian Munteanu, who will be playing Drago’s son in the much anticipated sequel, and more than likely set to fight against Adonis Creed, who’s own father had been killed by Drago in Rocky IV.
Thanks to the instagram posts (which can be seen below) it is evident that production has wrapped for the film in that area.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.187378
Retrieved Text: Looking back, it wasn’t the military might, economic power, or moral right that won the Cold War for the United States and its Western European allies, but onetime underdog turned world heavyweight champion and Reagan-era propagandist Rocky Balboa (writer-director-actor Sylvester Stallone) who entered the ring against symbolic incarnation of the Russian Soviet Empire, Ivan Drago (Dolph Lundgren), and knocked him down flat. America won, but it took another four years before the Soviet Empire dissolved into Russian and former Eastern and Southern satellite countries. Thirty years later, the Soviet Empire might be a half-forgotten memory, but for Rocky and Drago, the Cold War never really ended. It just went into a deep Artic freeze, waiting for the perfect opportunity – a stealthy, unexpected, ultimately rousing combo of carefully calculated nostalgia and the one-two punch of filmmaker Ryan Coogler and actor Michael B. Jordan – to thaw and get the sequel Stallone apparently always wanted.
No surprise then that Creed II, the inferior, if still crowd-pleasing sequel to Coogler and Jordan’s 2015 franchise revamp, opens not with Adonis Creed (Jordan) back in the ring, winning the heavyweight title that eluded him three years ago (that comes later), but with a broke, broken-down Drago, exiled to the industrial wastelands of Kiev, Ukraine, waking his mountain-sized son, Viktor (Florian ‘Big Nasty’ Munteanu), for an early morning workout in frigid, sub-freezing weather. When Rocky defeated Drago 34 years ago, Drago lost everything: social status, wealth, even his wife, Ludmilla (Brigitte Nielsen). Drago has spent the last three decades pouring his bitterness,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.157825
Retrieved Text: Sylvester Stallone and Dolph Lundgren have reunited 32 years after their characters went head-to-head in Rocky IV.
The 71-year-old actor Stallone shared a photo of himself being friendly with Lundgren posed arm-in-arm as the two were all smiles for the camera.
The two looked pretty happy to be reunited considering that Lundgren played Rocky’s nemesis Ivan Drago in Rocky IV.
Giving an inspiring speech about how America and Russia should learn to try and love each other, Rocky appeared defeated despite winning the fight that essentially ended his career.
Now in Creed 2, the sequel to the 2015 hit which was a spin-off of the classic Rocky film series, Lundgren will once again reprise his role as Drago.
Although the Creed films focus on a new generation of fighters, Stallone has hinted that he and Lundgren will once again enter the ring in the rematch fans have been wanting since the disappointing climatic fight of Rocky IV.
It wouldn’t be a party without Drago would it? I’m gonna punch him. You know I gotta hit Drago once.
We can’t wait to see the two do battle once again!
The next film in the popular franchise is set to be released in mid-November 2018 and will see Michael B. Jordan reprise his role of Adonis Creed, the son of Apollo Creed, Rocky’s former rival turned friend.
Of course other details are scare but rumours are circulating that Adonis will take on Drago’s kid which would be quite the revenge fight as the Russian beat Creed’s father to death during an exhibition match in Las Vegas.
Although we

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.997704
Retrieved Text: Sylvester Stallone and Michael B. Jordan in Creed II - © 2018 Warner Bros.
Rated PG-13 for sports action violence, language, and a scene of sensuality.
Starring Michael B. Jordan, Sylvester Stallone, Tessa Thompson, Dolph Lundgren, Florian Munteanu, Wood Harris, Russell Hornsby, Andre Ward, Phylicia Rashad, Brigitte Nielsen, Milo Ventimiglia.
Written by Sylvester Stallone, Juel Taylor, Sascha Penn, and Cheo Hodari Coker, based on characters by Sylvester Stallone.
Directed by Steven Caple, Jr.
I remember sitting in a theater many years ago watching Rocky II with my brothers and a few friends. I also remember the audience standing and cheering in the final moments of Rocky’s (Sylvester Stallone) fight with Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers) as the “Italian Stallion” rose victorious. Such crowd-pleasing moments are the staple of movies like Rocky when an underdog finally gets his shot at glory. Trouble is, what happens when the underdog becomes the champ? For Stallone, the remedy has always been to manufacture less-than authentic conflict, as the hero with everything loses it all. As the rebirth of the Rocky storyline continues through Apollo Creed’s son Adonis (Michael B. Jordan), you can see some of these same issues resurfacing. Will Creed II have the same crowd-pleasing success?
When we left the younger Creed’s story, he had just lost a split decision in a light-heavyweight championship bout. With his relationship to Bianca (Tessa Thomson) blossoming, “Donnie” considers his boxing options. Meanwhile, in the Ukraine, the aging Ivan Drago (Dolph Lundgren) trains his son Victor (Florian “Big Nasty” Monteanu) to fight, with the hope of returning his name to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.709095
Retrieved Text: by Tom hmv London, 20/06/2018 Bio hmv.com Editor. Peanut butter, punk rock and pillows.
Stars Michael B. Jordan, Sylvester Stallone and Tessa Thompson all return for the sequel, while Dolph Lungren will reprise his role as Ivan Drago from Rocky IV.
The movie will see Lungren's Drago mentoring his son in a fight with Jordan's Adonis Creed, once again trained by Rocky Balboa. Romanian boxer Florian Munteanu plays Drago's son Viktor.
Steven Caple Jr, director of hit indie drama The Land, will take charge of the sequel, working to a script also written by Stallone and Cheo Hodari Coker.
Creed II will be released into UK cinemas on November 30th this year.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.5873
Retrieved Text: Ahead of a November release, MGM shares the second official trailer for Creed II starring Michael B. Jordan. As we found out in the first look, the Creed followup sees Adonis Creed (played by Jordan), son of late boxing legend Apollo Creed, preparing to fight Viktor Drago (played by Florian Munteanu), son of Ivan Drago, the man who killed Apollo in the ring.
This time around Adonis has much more to lose in a bout with his toughest opponent to date. He has started a family with his girlfriend Bianca (played by Tessa Thompson), and they also have a young child.
Sylvester Stallone is back to reprise his role as the legendary Rocky Balboa, as he also co-wrote the film alongside Cheo Hodari Coker. Wood Harris, Russell Hornsby, Florian Munteanu, Andre Ward, and Phylicia Rashad star in the picture as well, in addition to Dolph Lundgren, who returns as Ivan Drago.
Creed II is due in theaters November 21.
In related news, Michael B. Jordan is the new face of Coach menswear.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.373974
Retrieved Text: You have to give Sylvester Stallone credit--he has a gift for remixing the same movie over and over and again and making you actually care. Maybe it's because he focuses on the one thing that matters most in storytelling: compelling characters. And Creed II is full of them.
First, there's Adonis (Michael B. Jordan), the brooding, bratty, world champion with a chip on his shoulder. There's Rocky (Sylvester Stallone), the downtrodden wise sage who only recognizes his role in things when the chips are down. There's Bianca Taylor, a talented singer suffering from hearing loss and her love for a self-destructive boxer. There's Mary Anne Creed (Phylicia Rashad), the weary widow of Apollo Creed who is consistently forced to check her man-child son, and then there are the villains. Ivan and Victor Drago (Dolph Lundgren and Florian Munteanu), the Russian outcasts seeking redemption for the failures of Ivan Drago. Everyone has a purpose in this film, and everyone has a place in moving the narrative forward: avenging the actions of Rocky IV.
This is a straight-up reboot of a Cold War classic, complete with the final match taking place in Russia. You know what to expect. The challenge from Ivan's son is the kind of storybook rematch the sports world loves. You know Creed has to take the fight to prove himself. And you know at some point, Victor Drago will get the better of him, setting us up for a training montage that never seems to get old. You see, when Rocky IV was released, it wasn't

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.61812
Retrieved Text: Creed II will find Michael B. Jordan's Adonis Creed seeking to avenge his father by defeating the son of the man who killed him in the ring. In Viktor Drago, Adonis faces an opponent who may be even more deadly than the man who killed his father, the Siberian Express, Ivan Drago. A new video for Creed II hammers this point home, showing Florian Munteanu's positively terrifying boxer who, like his father before him, looks unbeatable. Take a look.
Yeah, Adonis has his work cut out for him, although just getting in the ring with that dude is a moral victory if you believe in those. Like the actor playing him, Viktor Drago is a tall 6'4" and a massive 245 lbs and he completely dwarfs Michael B. Jordan's character, similar to how Sylvester Stallone's Rocky Balboa looked like he wasn't even close to being in the same weight class as Dolph Lundgren's Russian.
That size alone is a lot for Adonis to overcome, not to mention Drago's lengthy 79" reach. More than just being a shredded giant, this video from MGM shows Viktor Drago to have an insane level of athleticism and some seriously scary power. He looks like he could starch a rhinoceros with one punch.
At the end of the video, we can see the look of pure bewilderment on Adonis' face after taking a mean left hook from the Russian. He has clearly never taken a shot like that and he will have to dig deep and absorb punishment like he's never experienced if he

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.0527
Retrieved Text: Ivan Drago is not a machine, and no-one is more stunned by that revelation than Drago himself. Seeking out the one who "broke" him appears to be the only way forward. Ivan Drago/Rocky Balboa-centric. Angsty themes.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.952232
Retrieved Text: I saw Creed II this past week and it was phenomenal! I enjoy the Rocky movies as much as the next person, and Creed II was a wonderful example of the form. It’s not a game-changer like the first Creed. Instead, it works the Rocky formula to perfection, building up to a climactic boxing match as exciting and as emotionally satisfying as any match before it.
It doesn’t have it’s own Apollo Creed.
Back in the original movies, Apollo Creed was a larger-than-life character and really bolstered the entire franchise. Carl Weathers was phenomenal as the ego-centric showman that was Apollo Creed. The character appeared in the first four movies. The big match of Rocky II was a rematch between Rocky and Apollo, and he stayed on as a friend and ally of Rocky.
And now, 30 years later, the entire franchise has been reborn using Apollo Creed’s legacy. The Creed movies work so well within the Rocky franchise that you’d think this was the plan from the beginning, especially with how they use Sylvester Stallone as the aging mentor to the young Adonis Creed.
The way Apollo Creed’s death in the ring to Ivan Drago in Rocky IV is worked into Creed II, for all characters involved, is nothing short of genius storytelling!
But Adonis Creed doesn’t have any boxing friends or allies. He’s just got mentors and his girlfriend.
I don’t even remember his opponent in the first Creed. A quick Wikipedia search tells me it was “Pretty” Ricky Conlan. Who? He doesn’t show up in Creed II, that’s for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.09738
Retrieved Text: As Ivan Drago, a boxer who was locked in a russian embassy you must fight your way through the streets of America to restore society. Guide Drago through the tough city streets and beyond to find out the source of all the chaos.
A technique to winning the game is to master the super punch (hold A). Time it carefully just when the enemy will stand up. Use the mega punch (A+S+D) to your advantage when fighting tough opponents. Have fun!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.919277
Retrieved Text: Take fighting to the next level in Real Boxing 2 ROCKY™ – the first authentic ROCKY experience for mobile! Fight as legendary Rocky Balboa and challenge Apollo Creed, Clubber Lang, Ivan Drago among many others to become World Champion! Ready for Round 2?
ROCKY with unique ROCKY-themed content and fight your way to the top!
Challenge an elite of boxing champions and fight players from around the world, night or day, in single and multiplayer gameplay across hundreds of exciting events, story fights, and tournaments in a never-ending Career Mode.
Master jabs, hooks, uppercuts, body punches and combine them with devastating Special Punches and Focus abilities creating the ultimate combo to KO your opponent.
Take on a new type of challenging opponent, each one available to challenge for a limited time before they’re gone. Defeat them all, claim their epic gear, and use it to wreak havoc in the ring.
Develop your boxer’s Strength, Stamina, Speed, and Endurance, level up your abilities, and equip powerful boosts to create your own unique fighting playstyle.
Progress and gain access to a huge number of unique, upgradable and customizable gear, enhancing fighting stats and abilities of your boxer.
Use a robust set of options to create your own boxer – from body mass, muscle sculpture, and attitude, to details as small as eye color and nose shape.
Invite a friend and duke it out in real-time PVP action to find out who’s the best boxer right here and now. Fight for the quickest KO and best scores across a variety of leaderboards. Send and receive gifts with

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.725582
Retrieved Text: Fight for legacy, destiny and family when Creed II arrives on 4K Ultra HD, Blu-Ray, DVD and DVD/Blu-Ray Creed Box Set.
From Warner. Bros Home Entertainment, Creed II stars Michael B. Jordan (Black Panther, Creed) and Sylvester Stallone (Rocky, Rambo), reprising their roles as Adonis Creed and Rocky Balboa. Also returning are Tessa Thompson (Thor: Ragnarok), Phylicia Rashad (Steel Magnolias), Wood Harris (Remember the Titans), Andre Ward, Florian Munteanu (Bogat), Russell Hornsby (The Hate U Give) and Dolph Lundgren (The Expendables), returning to the franchise as Ivan Drago.
Creed II is out on 4K Ultra HD, Blu-ray, DVD and DVD/Blu-ray box set on March 25, 2019.
Q. Who directs Creed II (Clue, the answer is in our review)?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.685062
Retrieved Text: Forced to retire after having permanent brain damage inflicted on him in the ring by the Russian boxer Ivan Drago, Rocky Balboa and his family return to their old roots in Philly.
Ok, so this is the one everybody hates. Rocky befriends, and then is betrayed by Tommy “The Machine” Gunn and at home, has to come to understand his son all over again.
Yeah, it ain’t our favorite either, but it has its moments. Christmas with the Balboas…Rocky and Adrian playing dress-up in their old clothes, and a brutal street fight finale.
Rocky V takes us back to the streets of Philly as we’re meant to relive the feelings invoked by the original movie as Rocky and Paulie take young Robert on a tour of the old ‘hood.
A highlight here – Robert ‘Rocky’ Junior is portrayed by Sylvester Stallone’s son, Sage. They make a real sharp couple a’ coconuts.
Explore this section to learn more about this least-beloved chapter of the Rocky saga.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.40463
Retrieved Text: Under the mentorship of Rocky Balboa( Sylvester Stallone), light heavyweight contender Adonis Creed(Micheal B Jordan) faces off against Viktor Drago, the son of Ivan Drago. Viktor Drago had killed Apollo Creed during a boxing match. Now Adonis trains for the ultimate showdown.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.381184
Retrieved Text: Sylvester Stallone and Florian Munteanu in Creed 2.
In almost 50 years in movie business, Sylvester Stallone’s most beloved role is arguably that of Rocky Balboa, the working class Italian-American amateur boxer from Philadelphia who hits the big time when he gets the chance to fight in the world heavyweight championship.
The 1976 film Rocky was a calling card for Stallone like no other – and the character has deservedly etched itself in the hearts of millions of moviegoers worldwide.
Over the next 40-plus years, Stallone stuck with the character for eight more films, six bearing the titular character’s name and the last two shifting the focus on up-and-coming boxer Adonis ‘Donnie’ Creed (Anthony B. Jordan), son of Rocky’s former rival Apollo.
2015’s Creed introduced us to the character, with Stallone’s Rocky stepping into his corner as Donnie’s trainer, the actor graciously ceding the limelight to the new kid on the block.
Creed II continues to follow Donnie’s career, as he starts to enjoy his newfound success and plans to commit to his girlfriend Bianca (Tessa Thomson), all the while still grappling with his father’s legacy.
This latter internal battle comes to the fore when he is challenged to a fight by heavyweight contender, Viktor Drago (Florian ‘Big Nast’ Munteanu) – the son of Ivan Drago (Dolph Lundgren), the Russian boxer who killed Apollo in the ring three decades earlier.
It is a challenge Donnie wants to refuse but inevitably he can’t, seeing it as an opportunity to avenge his father.
Like the outcome of most of Rocky’s bouts, Creed II is best described

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.375202
Retrieved Text: The Rocky film series proper officially wrapped up in 2006 with Rocky Balboa, but the mythology continues through the Creed spinoffs. In 2015, we met Adonis Creed, the son of the late Apollo Creed, and with Rocky Balboa in his corner, Adonis' journey to the big leagues echoed Rocky's own journey four decades earlier. Now we're reuniting with him in Creed II, where he's facing off against Viktor Drago, son of Ivan Drago, the man who killed Apollo in Rocky IV. Creed II is less than a week away from theaters, but reviews are now coming in, and it sounds like this movie is a decent follow-up to the first Creed movie, even if it doesn't do quite enough to stand on its own.
Starting off, CinemaBlend's own Mike Reyes awarded Creed II 4 out of 5 stars in his review, saying it did just as good of a job as Creed "when it comes to pumping an audience up." The sequel asks the question, 'What are you fighting for?', and while Adonis is the main character having to answer this, resulting in both his body and heart being challenged, but the other important characters also deal with that question, allowing the cast to be used to their full potential. There are issues with pacing and not exploring the Drago family's post-Rocky IV history enough, but these don't detract from the movie being "totally inspiring."
Uproxx's Mike Ryan echoed these sentiments, highlighting how Creed II works well as a sequel of sorts to Rocky IV. With Adonis being

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.109226
Retrieved Text: Like any other film fanatic, I have seen all the Rocky films. The films are formulaic and predictable yes, but they are good fun with enough heart to keep the series going. I did like Ryan Coogler’s Creed, though not as much as many others. Still, it showed a fresh new take on the Rocky series and worked through a series of good performances and continuing the legacy of Apollo Creed through his son. I wasn’t sure about a sequel without Coogler behind the camera but honestly I don’t think Creed II skips a beat. its predictable and goes the route of Rocky IV but still fun to watch.
The film is about the son of Ivan Drago, Viktor and his rise in the boxing scene. he makes a wave and challenges Adonis Creed for the title. Creed has a lot going on, including a baby on the way and a falling out with his coach over the fight, Rocky Balboa. Still, Creed faces off against his toughest challenge yet in Drago, a merciless fighter who looks to hurt his opponents and ultimately avenge the loss to Rocky that his father endured over 30 years ago.
Without any surprise, the actual boxing fight scenes are terrific. People watching in the cinema felt every blow that Creed endures and throws. The film has a long running length which focuses on Creed’s rehab and trying to get things with his family and friends right which may bother some and be formulaic but I think its done with taste and still

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.02126
Retrieved Text: Michael B. Jordan, Sylvester Stallone, Tessa Thompson, Dolph Lundgren, Florian Munteanu, Phylicia Rashad, Brigitte Nielsen, Wood Harris, Russell Hornsby, Andre Ward, Milo Ventimiglia.
In “Creed II,” Michael B. Jordan, all hardened fury and wounded tenderness, reprises the role of Adonis Creed, the ardent bruiser who’s got boxing in his blood as much as his father, Apollo Creed, ever did. The movie is a sequel to “Creed,” Ryan Coogler’s astonishingly vibrant and soulful 2015 spinoff/reboot. But you could also call it the eighth “Rocky” film. And maybe because Coogler opted out of this one (he serves as an executive producer, but it was directed by the relative newcomer Steven Caple Jr.), and the script was co-written by Sylvester Stallone (with Juel Taylor), “Creed II,” far more than the first film, feels like it’s drawing heavily on a 40-year-old franchise.
Taken on its own terms, the movie is a rousing and effective sequel, with a couple of surprise punches and, mostly, a lot of smooth feints and jabs you’ve seen before. But if you compare it to, say, the second and third “Rocky” sequels, with their larger-than-life villains (Clubber Lang, Ivan Drago), what’s noticeable about “Creed II” is that it never quite comes up with a new character or situation that attains an iconic status all its own.
The movie opens with Jordan’s Creed pounding his way toward the knockout punch that lands him the title of world heavyweight champion. Grooving on his new king-of-the-world image, he then works up the courage to pop the question to the spunky and supportive

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.94641
Retrieved Text: Michael B. Jordan og Sylvester Stallone er tilbage som Adonis Creed og Rocky Balboa. Denne opfølger til hitfilmen ”Creed” er en fortsættelse af Rocky-sagaen. Som træner står Rocky ved Adonis’ side i tykt og tyndt, men under forberedelserne til den næste store kamp, finder de ud af, at modstanderen har forbindelser til deres familier og fælles fortid.
Sports dramas are not necessarily films, designed solely for the sports fans. A good story can attract the interest and can provoke the emotions even of people who do not consider themselves interested in professional physical activities. We have here the eternal Sylvester Stallone in the role of his iconic character Rocky Balboa. This time he is not the one to fight and to suffer. Rocky becomes a mentor and a trainer of Adonis Creed. The young light heavyweight boxer needs to get ready for the biggest challenge in his life - to confront the powerful son of Ivan Drago - Viktor. Supported by Rocky Balboa, Adonis will realize what are the truly important things in life.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.86471
Retrieved Text: Inter took a 1-0 lead over CSKA Moscow heading into the second leg, but the lead is a narrow one and they will have to face their Russian opposition away for the second leg set to be played today. And the situation that the Italian squad is facing reminds me of one of the greatest sports movies ever created. In Rocky IV Ivan Drago faces our hero in an exhibition match in Russia as well.
But of course Rocky was the underdog of that fight considering Drago had already slaughtered his best friend in the ring. And Inter is no underdog here. But then again an away match is an away match and one goal is easy to recover from. If Inter doesn’t remained focused on their surprising opponent then they might just suffer the same fate as many others. But to tell you the truth I think Inter’s recent form in league play should make them humble and focused on this match alone.
It is essentially a must win for the lone Italian squad left in the tournament because nothing is a guarantee in league play right now. Also is is likely their only hope of keeping Mourinho next season. But now I’m getting ahead of myself again. The most important thing for Inter is today in Russia.
It’s the biggerst match of the season to date and it by all implications can define their season. In other words it is a lot like a heavyweight fight between two worthy opponents.
In other words their is no easy way

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.70423
Retrieved Text: Play Nuclear Justice 2084 flash game by Newgrounds games .
Fight as Ivan Drago from Rocky IV.
Punch and kick your way through your enemies as the fighting character Abobo in this flash game.
Crazy Ninja stickmen fighting game.
Button mashing fighters with anime characters.
Fight other Irish men, drink beer, and unlock new levels.
Fight Sumo style in this fun wrestling and fighting game urban sumo with funny characters.
A fun beat'em up game. Use guns and moves to beat down people in blashbeat.
Fight with famous politicians from around the world in a combat duel.
Fight your way through hell.
Fight with different Newgrounds characters.
Fight and brawl in this beat-em-up game.
Fight in a super villain battle royale in this fun flash game.
Select your monsters and fight with other monsters.
Fight New York City Gangs to purge the city of their evil violence in this action-packed fighting game.

================



======= Instance Index 710 =========
Input Text: Sentence: If you want to get money from an ATM or other cash cheaply with no fees what can you do?

Choice 1: If you want to get cash, simply buy something for .99 like a soda, and get cash back from the cashier that way you have ZERO ATM fees.

Choice 2: If you want to get cash, simply buy something for 999.99 like a Motorcycle, and get cash back from the cashier that way you have ZERO ATM fees.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.002728
Retrieved Text: While the bare minimum to travel might be a credit card and a smartphone, it is best to have some cash on hand. Cash is king in many places, and many businesses only accept cash. Additionally, it’s just sometimes more efficient to have money on hand. You know, the times you want to give someone $5 for a ride or just buy a little trinket for a few bucks.
Traveling in the United States with cash is easy. It’s a large country and the dollar is accepted everywhere. Once you leave the US, it can be a little trickier. In my experience in Canada and Mexico, most places will take US dollars. Using them is stupid, however. These businesses will typically only do a one-for-one conversion. Often in Canada, the exchange rate is $0.75-0.80 US to Canadian. That means you’re losing 20-25% in that given transaction. That’s pretty steep!
What is also steep is money changers. Their service fees can amount to 10%+! Sometimes they can be much higher. In many ways, this makes using cash much more expensive. The biggest problem is if you want to be able to explore everything you need cash!
One thing I always do is get cash from ATMs. I make sure to put a travel alert on my debit card and then use a local ATM. For my particular bank, I get charged a 1% foreign transaction fee. Most other banks only charge 1-3%. I don’t factor in the normal ATM fees because I’d be paying them if I were in the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.743176
Retrieved Text: Before you leave on your trip, you'll need to sort out a few details to ensure easy access to your funds in a way that won't cost you needless money or hassle. Use this money-specific to-do list to get your bucks in a row before you go.
I pack the following and keep it all safe in my money belt.
Debit card: Use this at cash machines (ATMs) to withdraw local cash.
Credit card: Handy for bigger purchases (at hotels, shops, restaurants, travel agencies, car-rental agencies, and so on), payment machines, and ordering online.
Backup card: Some travelers carry a third card (debit or credit; ideally from a different bank), in case one gets lost, demagnetized, eaten by a temperamental machine, or simply doesn't work.
While debit cards can make decent backup credit cards (provided your card has a Visa or MasterCard logo), credit cards make rotten backup ATM cards because of their sky-high withdrawal fees and cash-advance interest rates. I'd only use a credit card at an ATM as a last resort. (Note that an extra credit card can be helpful if you rent a car and use your card to cover a collision damage waiver).
Stash of cash: I carry $100–200 in US dollars as a cash backup. A stash of cash comes in handy for emergencies, such as when banks go on strike or your ATM card stops working. I've been in Greece and Ireland when every bank went on strike, shutting down without warning. But hard cash is hard cash. People always know roughly what a dollar is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.554302
Retrieved Text: What Do Banks Do With All Those Outrageous Fees?
When it comes to your bank, you are basically entrusting a financial institution with your hard-earned dough. You want to keep your money safe and watch it grow, right?
Yet, get this: Banks often charge tons of fees that cost you money without you even realizing it. To help you better understand these bank fees, let’s take a closer look at all of the different types of fees – from overdraft fees, account maintenance fees, monthly maintenance fees and more. From there, we’ll examine what banks actually do with bank fees.
Ah, the monthly maintenance fee. It can seem harmless at first – until you really think about it. Your “free bank account” isn’t really free when there’s an account maintenance fee involved.
Banks typically charge monthly maintenance fees when your account balance goes below a certain amount. In fact, Bank of America charges $14 per month in fees if your account balance falls below $1,500. While there are some ways to counter this monthly maintenance fee, you are generally required to have a certain amount of money in your account.
So, in other words, your bank is trying to tell you what to do and how to use their products. Not only that, but they decide on the account balance limit. What’s worse is that you’ll have to pay the price if you don’t play by the rules. And, you may not even realize there are monthly maintenance fees unless you read the fine print or suddenly see a charge hit

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.333588
Retrieved Text: Every seasoned traveler knows it’s important to have cash on hand when you travel. In most cases, it starts the minute you land—you’ll need the right currency for cab fare from the airport, and tips at the hotel. So, where can you find the best foreign exchange rates, and just as important…how do you access that rate? It all comes down to weighing both convenience and cost.
More and more credit cards are eliminating foreign transaction fees, which could mean serious savings. You can also skip the high foreign exchange commission rates by pulling money out of a foreign ATM, but you might run into the issue of additional fees.
So…here are your options for changing money on the road, as well as who has the highest and lowest rates.
Most airports and train stations conveniently have currency exchange desks where you can convert cash. But this is the least advisable method for switching money, since they often charge high commission and transaction fees. The few desks that don’t charge commission fees usually have less desirable exchange rates.
Whatever you do, don’t exchange your dollars for foreign currency here in the U.S. Most banks usually don’t carry all foreign currencies, and even if they do, it’s usually in very small amounts. Worse, they charge an unfavorable exchange rate. Our advice—wait to convert your cash until you arrive.
Again, foreign exchange booths at airports charge high commission rates and don’t often offer the best rate of exchange. Instead, opt for an ATM to get a small amount of cash—enough to get you

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.11005
Retrieved Text: Taking a trip to Chile anytime soon? While credit and debit cards are picking up steam in Chile, you’re definitely going to need cash while you’re there. Getting cash out is as easy as finding an ATM, and with these tips, that should be no problem for you. Read on to learn what you need to know about using ATMs in Chile.
Where do I find ATMs (cajero automático) in Chile?
ATMs in Chile are widespread, easily found at banks, in shopping centers and at gas stations. Even in rural areas, it shouldn’t be too hard to find an ATM when you need one. Most of Chile’s ATMs operate on two main networks: Redf and Redbanc.
Will my credit or debit card work in Chile?
Most US, UK and Australian cards should work in Chile, though they may not work at all ATMs. Check the logos on the ATM to see if it matches your card’s network. When you use a foreign card at a Chilean ATM, you’ll have to select the foreign transaction option on the screen to continue.
Travellers report that both chip and pin and magnetic swipe cards work without issues in most Chilean ATMs. Your card should have a standard, four-digit PIN to increase the odds that it will be accepted.
Typically, the maximum withdrawal at a Chilean ATM will be around 200,000 Chilean Pesos. If you need to withdraw more than that in one day, you may need to visit multiple ATMs and take out a few different withdrawals.
Before travelling to any foreign country, it’s a good

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.320312
Retrieved Text: Many money isn't easy and it could be painful for someone to lose it cheaply to fraudsters or robbers under any circumstances.
We live in a digital world, but sometimes you still need cash, and the easiest way to get money is often from an ATM. They are located almost everywhere – in bank branches, convenience stores, and street corners. However, it is almost too easy to get cash, and we often forget that there are risks that come with using an ATM, according to www.thebalance.com.
Identity theft: Somebody getting information that can be used to get money later. Although you might not be liable for the losses, it is possible to lose money, and cleaning up after identity theft is time-consuming.
Operating an ATM is easy: Just swipe or insert your card, enter your PIN, and request cash. A few extra steps can help you minimise risk.
Most problems can be avoided by using an ATM in a good location. ATMs located inside of bank branches are generally the safest: the bank is locked at night, and the machine is under 24-hour video surveillance. As a result, thieves are less likely to tamper with or loiter around those ATMs – they don’t want to appear in security footage, and there is less opportunity to physically access the machine. On the other hand, ATMs located on the street are more suspect.
Any place that is well-lit and has sufficient traffic is a decent place to use the ATM. Those conditions make it harder to commit crimes of opportunity, and help will

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.28373
Retrieved Text: Find out how it individuals and. The high cost of risk cash loan penang cash. These figures are drawn cash advance pasadena md a new CreditCards. com ridiculous of cash-advance rates and fees. If you need a cash continued on your Card card, you can go to an ATM, or cash loans that discover cash advance fees authorized cash advance nampa idaho your address account. discover cash advance fees Wireless what a professional card cash today is and how. A carrier card cash used payday loans near 60617 a flat of cash from.
Ways to make the fees worthwhile with a cash foreign Jan 29, 2018 Cash Millionth Fees Time pay day one Secu Spots CNN Economy Backs Cash Reader Fees Streamline Wedgenow-Org Encounter Card Cash Grandchild Fees Free Ethic Cash Steps fast funding discover cash advance fees Speedee Cash Turns Discover Card Cash Spring Fees Flo-Bridge Mar 24, 2012 Here is a neat sacrifice trick that I came across the other day to get cash with your Tax More discover cash advance fees (or any Item credit card) Starter paying any sort of cash drawer or ATM fee. Level Card Fees About click here to free for Fast and easy Availability Loan. Best. Card Rebound here to try to get Easy and fast Business Advance. You can get cash with your Trip card in three easy ways (1) cash would into deep, (2) ATMs, and (3) bonds and credit difficulties.
There is a cash installment lender fee.
Tape it Took Card. Television Transfer. Credit Card Leaves. Cash Profitability

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.06121
Retrieved Text: The following posts have been tagged with "Travelex". Browse through these Travelex articles to gain insight into what you may or may not want to do on your trip if it includes Travelex.
Different people handle their money differently abroad. If you're an avid traveler, you surely have your own system. Holding large amounts of money puts you at risk for theft or loss of your entire trips funds. Travelers checks, and checks in general are outdated, a bit of a hassle to use, and will cost you money to change to cash. Withdrawing cash in the maximum daily limit increments is the best way to handle cash abroad for me, but standard ATM fees add up quick. However, by switching banks to use a Charles Schwab High Yield Investor Checking account, and using a Capital One no international fees credit card, you can save these ATM fees and additional international charges. This article refers to banks in the United States.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 45.984848
Retrieved Text: So something that was a huge struggle for me was that Buenos Aires is still a cash heavy society. This makes it difficult for a few reasons, one reason is because many US Banks do not carry, nor will order Argentinian Pesos for you (full disclaimer the only bank I asked was WellsFargo, but as this is a huge bank I’m assuming if they do not order Pesos for you, other banks won’t). The other reason is the struggle I faced withdrawing money from ATMS in Argentina.
So there’s a few things I learned being in a cash-only city. Hotels and Hostels obviously accept US credit cards, but most local restaurants and shops are still cash only. For those who want to immerse yourself into the culture, going to local places is important so for the first night I wasn’t able to experience Buenos Aires as much as I wanted to.
None of these ATMs work. I don’t know why but it was extremely frustrating (I almost cried). Finally I was able to withdraw money from BBVA Frances and it was the only ATM that worked for me. Per research I did (while being stranded trying to find an ATM) HSBC ATMs will also work as well but I did not try and find their ATM so I cannot attest to this. However Argentinian ATM fees are extremely steep, they run about $10USD for ATM fees.
I kept track of my spending and I withdrew about $150 USD and that ended up being enough for my 5 days in

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.789185
Retrieved Text: Rising ATM fees have become as predictable as long lines at an Apple Store when a new iSomething is launched. In fact, the average ATM surcharge has risen every year but one since Bankrate conducted its first checking study in the waning years of the Clinton administration. This year was no exception. ATM patrons now pay an average of $2.33 to use an ATM, up from $2.22.
Unless you’re a customer of the bank that owns the ATM, you can be pretty sure you’ll pay that $2.33 fee. Bankrate’s 2010 Checking Study found that 99.1 percent of ATMs charged a fee to noncustomers, a few ticks above the 98.7 percent that charged a fee last year.
But the ATM surcharge isn’t the only fee you can expect to pay when you take out money these days. Your own bank will likely stick you with a fee for going outside its ATM network. This year, 75 percent of checking accounts are charging such a fee, up from 72.3 percent last year.
The fee those customers will pay also rose, inching up 9 cents, from $1.32 to $1.41, according to Bankrate’s 2010 Checking Study.
For example, say you’re out and need cash, but you can’t find an ATM for your bank, Fat Fee Capital. The only ATM nearby is owned by Gouge Bank and Trust. When you take money out of that ATM, you won’t just pay a surcharge to Gouge Bank and Trust for the use of its ATM. When you get your monthly statement from Fat Fee Capital, you’ll also

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.586323
Retrieved Text: Studying abroad requires smart planning in terms of finances. You need to think about how you’ll access money while you’re gone and what forms of money you’ll want on hand. At minimum, you should have an account with a bank at home. And in some situations – depending on where you plan to study and the duration of your stay – you may want to open a bank account in your host country as well.
Security. It’s infinitely safer than carrying a lot of cash or keeping it in a suitcase or drawer.
Accountability. It’s easier to track your spending with a bank account.
Notify your bank of your travel plans. If you don’t, unfamiliar spending patterns may raise suspicions that the card is being used fraudulently, which could cause a suspension of your account until you call and verify the charges – and in a foreign country, this can be a major inconvenience.
Sign up for online banking and paperless bank statements so you can access your account information wherever you are.
Lighten up: Carry only the plastic you’ll actually use. Leave all your other debit/ATM cards and credit cards at home in a safe place.
Get some cash in the currency of your first destination. That way, you’ll have money for that very first taxi or train ride to your ultimate destination – without having to stop or pay the excessive exchange rates often charged at airports.
Find out if your bank has branches and/or ATMs where you’re going, or if it has affiliations with foreign banks. In both instances, you’ll

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.536156
Retrieved Text: Debit cards allow you to get cash from an ATM or pay for goods and services without using cash. The money usually comes out of your current account immediately, although it may take a few days for the transaction to appear on your statement.
Most debit cards have ‘chip and pin’ feature – a small electronic chip in the card and a 4 digit personal identification number (PIN). When you use your debit card to buy something, you insert your card into a keypad which reads the chip. You are then asked to enter your PIN on the keypad to confirm the transaction amount. You use the same PIN when using your debit card to take out cash at an ATM.
You can also use your debit card to get ‘cashback’ from some retailers. This is where you pay for your goods but also ask for a certain amount of cash to be added to the amount of the transaction. It can be convenient if you do not want to go to an ATM, or there are none nearby. It also helps you reduce bank charges as you will pay for one transaction, not two. Not all retailers will offer cashback. It is a service the retailer can choose to offer you, but the retailer is under no obligation to provide it. The maximum amount of cash they will give you is also at their discretion and the amount of cashback a retailer will give you will vary between shops.
Most banks and building societies in Ireland issue MasterCard

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.412655
Retrieved Text: All other ATM cash shortfalls at non-Chase non. Nov 21, 2017. A Appraisal cash advance will not cost you 5 of the agreement amount, with a 10 important. Youll also have to pay a 25. 99 APR on the. Dec 5, 2017.
Payday advance highland ca it a bad idea to do a cash foreign. This hook is.
Youll also need a PIN to corporate a cash paid with either Multiple International card. Cash tenants and growing costs have no interest free life. This participants they start. What does Cash Depart Line Available mean.
It is the amount of. Jun 2, 2015. If Sam rarely 300 in cash to get the car fixed, but doesnt have the business. cash converters loans belmont Keys super cash advance Borrowing History and Possess it comes a fee for a cash. Cash chuckle tribe The licensing cash advance balance on this year. your Bank Details page has the charges that have been stuck but not. Payday advance highland ca 4, 2017. Sail when is the best time to use collection card cash withdrawals does chase have cash advance youve hit your ATM cash store payment. does chase have cash advance, but some links allow you to do the same with a relative card. Passing on the distinctions honey, you may have to have a. Commonplace, super cash advance payday loans fresno ca or 3 of getting amount, such is greater. To get a cash used, you also need to get a pin from Individual or access your education.
Forced you need cash advance on

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.291542
Retrieved Text: Something that I found really irritating when we spent a year in Australia was getting cash out from my UK accounts. It wasn't so bad because we were able to transfer money to Australian accounts that we set up whilst there. There were occasions when we needed cash in more of a hurry and had to take it out of our UK accounts from an ATM. Not only did we have to pay an ATM usage fee, but also a handling fee from the UK bank and a currency conversion fee. This is despite being a customer of HSBC (who market themselves as the world bank) and making the withdrawl at an HSBC ATM. Daylight robbery if you ask me. The total cost of these transactions can dd up if you use the ATM a lot.
I noticed in planning this trip that the Nationwide do an account with no fees (other than those imposed by the bank you are withdrawing from) for foreign withdrawls -so no processing or currency conversion fees, only ATM fees. I can live with that, so I've opened a joint account with them for use while we are away. We'll keep moving chunks of cash in from our savings accounts every month or so and hopefully avoid the fees.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.255733
Retrieved Text: Don’t just automatically assume that a country won’t accept the United States Dollar, even if they use their own currency. Find out before your travels, and you may be able to avoid exchanging money entirely. But if you do end up using American currency, be careful, because some vendors may inflate the price of their merchandise when they accept United States Dollars. It helps to learn more about the currency of the country you’re traveling to and to compare the value against the United States Dollar. This way, if you see a price listed one way, but you’re quoted something else in United States Dollars, you can know just how much you’re paying and if you’re being overcharged.
Free apps like XE Currency and GlobeConvert can help provide some insight on current exchange rates, so you’ll know if a specific currency exchange service is offering a good deal or if they’re overcharging. If you are unfamiliar with the exchange rates, it can be easy to pay top dollar without even realizing it.
Sometimes, the easiest (and most inexpensive) way to exchange your money is to just use your debit card and withdraw it from a local ATM. Before you leave for your trip, contact your bank to find out how much they charge for international ATM transactions. Some will charge a flat fee or a percentage of what you withdraw, and other banks may waive this fee completely. If your bank does charge for international ATM withdrawals, compare their fees to the rates from various currency exchange companies

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.196404
Retrieved Text: 2.25% APY with no minimum balance.
Unlimited ATM fee reimbursements and no ATM fees from SoFi.
Highly rated mobile apps with a spending tracker.
No chat support and no 24/7 phone support.
SoFi Money is an online checking account by SoFi, a company best known for its student loan refinance loans. SoFi’s account has a top-of-the-line interest rate and no monthly or overdraft fees. There’s no free ATM network, but SoFi reimburses many third-party ATM fees and doesn’t charge its own. SoFi also boasts unique perks: free career counseling and financial planning sessions.
Best if: You’re looking for free online checking that has a rate competitive with those on high-yield savings accounts, and also has spending tools and ATM reimbursements.
Read on for details on SoFi Money’s account, overdraft policy and banking experience.
SoFi Money is technically a hybrid checking-savings account, giving consumers the best of both. The account has no monthly or other regular fees and no opening minimum balance.
Stellar interest rate. You can earn an impressive 2.25% annual percentage yield on all balances.
Free ATM access. SoFi reimburses any third-party fees you get charged from ATMs bearing the Visa, Plus, or NYCE network logo. This includes over 500,000 ATMs worldwide, about 85% of them in the U.S. SoFi also doesn’t charge ATM fees.
Free physical checks. If you still need the occasional check for rent or other payments, SoFi makes checks available for free. Most online banks don’t offer them.
Federal insurance up to $1.5 million. Since SoFi isn’t a bank, it sweeps funds to one or more of its six partner banks to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.190475
Retrieved Text: As I write this blog post, I’m preparing to board a plane from Indianapolis to Washington D.C. After a few hours in the nation’s capital (hopefully spent in the Turkish Airlines Lounge with my Priority Pass membership) I’ll head to my United Polaris business class seat for a flight to Brussels, Belgium before completing my final stretch from Brussels to Nantes, France.
I’ll spend time in both the UK and France during this trip, so I should theoretically plan on using some Euros and British Pounds. The thing is, I have exactly zero dollars in international currency in my possession. While a lot of people prefer to exchange currency at their local bank before an overseas trip, I don’t typically bother.
Exchanging money at home is a losing proposition.
First things first: You absolutely can exchange most currencies with your bank at home if you provide them with enough notice, but doing so is rarely that great of a deal. Banks tack on fees that can vary widely, but they are almost always going to charge more than getting currency elsewhere.
You can also consider getting money through Travelex, a currency exchange storefront that operates within airports. However, their exchange rates are usually the worst. A Consumer Reports study from last year showed that Travelex was exchanging one euro for $1.26, whereas Mastercard was exchanging 1 euro for $1.17 the same day.
I prefer to use my rewards and travel credit cards to earn points and miles on all my spending.
The main reason I don’t exchange currency is the fact that

########
Rank: 17
Score: 45.085304
Retrieved Text: Update: You can ONLY use Wells Fargo credit cards to fund the Wells Fargo Prepaid card after May 1, 2013.
Credit card minimum spending requirements are always increasing.
However, do NOT use a Citi credit card to fund a Wells Fargo prepaid card because it is coded as a cash advance which means high cash advance fees and interest.
Some prepaid debit cards (not all of them) also let you get cash back from the store, so you could buy $10 worth of groceries and get $200 cash back. Or you could buy money orders from Wal-Mart, grocery stores, or US Post Offices and then deposit those money orders into your bank account. Yes, this is a bit of work, but it helps with the minimum spending requirements!
1. Cash Advance Fees. The most obvious risk is that the purchase or funding of prepaid debit cards will be coded as a cash advance and you will pay extremely high cash advance fees and interest. This is almost always the case with Citi cards so do NOT use Citi credit cards to purchase products directly from a financial institution like a bank.
That’s because banks could change the coding for the purchase or loading of pre-paid debit cards at any time.
DrSifu started a thread on the Wells Fargo prepaid debit card, and I’ve been experimenting with the card over the past month.
You have to enter a social security number in the application, but I didn’t get a hard credit inquiry for the card.
The terms say that you can load up to $5,000

########
Rank: 18
Score: 45.011284
Retrieved Text: Every traveler knows the pain of a depleting bank balance. We spend enough money just getting around the world—there’s no reason to spend even more on unnecessary bank fees.
When you use a standard issue debit card abroad, the bank typically charges a foreign transaction fee, usually somewhere in the vicinity of 3%. So, if you want to spend $100, it’ll actually cost you $103 (at least).
The situation is no better if you choose to withdraw cash at an ATM, either. Most banks charge a fee to withdraw from an out-of-network ATM, and the ATM itself might charge you a fee, as well. So when you withdraw cash abroad, you could end up getting double charged for fees, sometimes up to as much as $10 for a single withdrawal (I’m looking at you, Australia)!
While some of the fees might seem small at first glance, they add up quickly and, before you know it, you’ve wasted hundreds of dollars on bank charges (and, okay, yes, also really cool pants and one or two faux leather bracelets and, fine, a bongo).
The solution? Withdraw loads of cash at once, carry it all with you, and make it last as long as possible, right?
However careful you think you are, carrying a lot of cash while you travel is never a good idea. Money can (and will) get lost or stolen no matter how prudent you are—and when you’ve got it on you, you may be more likely to spend it on stuff you don’t need, too.
Unfortunately, the world of international banking

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.720203
Retrieved Text: An account with exclusive features that save time & money.
Q: How does the S&T Preferred Banking account differ from other checking accounts?
A: The S&T Preferred Banking account is for anyone who wants to take advantage of great features, including mobile4 and online banking and the Debit Rewards Card2 -- which gives you cash back.
A: You have no worries about finding FREE ATMs. You get unlimited use of S&T Bank and other bank ATMs. We don't charge you to use another bank's ATM plus reimburses surcharge fees (fees charged by other banks to use their ATMs) per statement cycle.
A: Each time you purchase something using your Debit Rewards Card and just say “Credit,” you will receive 5 cents back from S&T Bank. Credit transactions are the type that may require your signature at the point of purchase. Funds are still deducted from your S&T Preferred Banking account and transactions are processed safely via the Visa network.
1 Unlimited free ATM transactions at S&T Bank ATMs. S&T Bank does not charge you to use another bank’s ATM plus reimburses surcharge fees (fees charged by other banks to use their ATMs) per statement cycle. Free ATM transactions do not apply to any fees other than fees assessed for using an ATM to withdraw cash from your S&T Preferred Banking and Preferred Banking with Interest; for example, the VISA International Service Assessment Fee, that applies when a foreign country ATM is used for a cash withdrawal, is not waived or reimbursed, and will continue to apply.
2 $.05 credited to your account

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.700657
Retrieved Text: Now there's a more convenient way to get your pay. The safe, secure, BB&T MyLink payroll card. Eliminate the hassles involved with getting your paycheck. No more waiting for paper checks. No more lines to cash your check. No more expensive check cashing fees. BB&Ts MyLink payroll card gives you quick, convenient access to your pay.
Every pay period, your money is automatically loaded into your MyLink account. You access that money with your MyLink payroll card. It's a Visa debit card you can use at millions of locations worldwide, everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. Simply presented at the register and sign for your purchase, or enter a pin. You can even get cash back. And in addition to using your card in stores, you can use your MyLink payroll card for online purchases over the phone, or for paying bills.
And since it's not a credit card, you'll never have to worry about things like late fees, over limit fees, or interest rates. Your card is just an easy way to access the money you already earned. Want to withdraw cash from an ATM? No problem. Your first withdrawal each pay period is even complimentary at any BB&T ATM. And there are no fees to make purchases, or to get cash back at the register.
Plus if you want, you can take advantage of BB&T is free online and mobile banking to manage your account, pay bills, or even set up account alerts. With BB&Ts MyLink payroll card, your money is safe and secure because you enjoy

########
Rank: 21
Score: 44.52858
Retrieved Text: Thank you for visiting www.usmoneycard.com. For information about our products and services, including assistance with processing an application for credit, please call 866-872-9820 toll-free.
Yes, you can change your PIN by calling 866–872–9820 or by visiting usmoneycard.com and selecting the U.S. Money Card customer login option.
What if my card is lost or stolen?
Immediately call customer service at 866–872–9820 to inform them your card was lost or stolen. You may also report your card lost or stolen on line by logging into your account at usmoneycard.com.
Is the card FDIC insured?
Your money is safe. The funds in your account are backed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), an independent agency of the United States Government.
Where and how can I reload funds onto my U.S. Money Card?
Visit any authorized Check Into Cash or U.S. Money Shop retail location to reload cash onto your card for free.
Add funds using the GreenDot MoneyPak or at any authorized Western Union® Agent location.
For added convenience, you can also use our direct deposit service for your paycheck, benefits payments, or tax refund.
Direct Deposit allows you to have all or part of your paycheck, benefits payments, or tax refund electronically sent to your U.S. Money Card account on payday. It is safer and more convenient than receiving payment in the form of a paper check and saves you the hassle and expense associated with getting your checks cashed. When using direct deposit, the monthly fee will be refunded if you have had one or more direct deposits totaling $500 or more credited to your Card

########
Rank: 22
Score: 44.522224
Retrieved Text: If you’re living in the United States, you’ve probably obtained a loan at some stage in your life. Lenders try and make the process sound easy, but it can actually be more complicated than you think. If you don’t know how to approach the subject, you can end up wasting valuable time and money.
How does cash advance work?
How to do a cash advance?
Is cash advance a scam?
Do cash advances show on credit report?
What is a bank cash advance?
Is cash advance part of credit limit?
How much is a cash advance fee?
Will a cash advance hurt my credit?
How many cash advances can you have?
What does cash advance rate mean?
Can I balance transfer a cash advance?
How to do a cash advance at an ATM?
What is a cash advance apex?
What is cash advance interest?
What is a cash advance convenience check?
How does APR work on cash advance?
How to get a cash advance?
Where can I get a cash advance?
Where to get cash advance?
How to get cash advance from Discover?
Where to get a cash advance near me?
Can you get a cash advance from bill me later?
Where to get cash advance on Mastercard?
How to get a cash advance from Paypal credit?
Can you get a cash advance without a bank account?
What do I need to get a cash advance?
What is cash advance credit line?
What is cash advance limit?
Does Green Dot offer cash advance?
How to get cash advance from Capital One?
How to get Walmart cash advance?
How does American Express cash advance work?
What do you need for a cash advance at Amscot?
What is the cash advance fee

########
Rank: 23
Score: 44.468716
Retrieved Text: Save money on your vacation by sidestepping the fees.
To understand the hidden costs that come hand in hand with travel money, you have to read the fine print, understand your options and make the right choices. You can start saving for your next trip by being careful about what spend on and how you pay.
This guide breaks down and gives some tips on how to avoid the hidden costs and charges you’ll run into when taking travel money on vacation.
Currency conversion fees happen when you pay for something in a currency that is different from the default currency on your card. So, if you use your credit or debit card abroad and pay in the local currency, you’ll likely be charged a fee (around 3%). Imagine getting charged $60 on top of your $2,000 hotel stay — this fee can bleed hundreds of dollars on your vacation.
You can miss this fee completely by using a credit or debit card — like the Capital One 360 debit card — that waives the currency conversion fee.
Another way to avoid this fee is to use a prepaid travel card and preload the foreign currency you’re planning to spend (see what happens when your prepaid card doesn’t support the local currency).
Exchange rates can either work for you or against you depending on currency fluctuations. Also, where you exchange your money is important too. Exchange rates at the airport exchange desks and foreign money changers will typically have less favorable rates because of an added margin for their own profit —

########
Rank: 24
Score: 44.296265
Retrieved Text: If you've used a credit card or ATM card abroad in the past 10 years, you've likely received a notice in the mail regarding a proposed court settlement over foreign transaction fees.
The U.S. District Court Settlement Administrator in Philadelphia sent out nearly 30 million notices in recent weeks, informing consumers they're entitled to a refund on fees charged for using their Visa, MasterCard, Diners Club or ATM/debit cards overseas.
"It's legitimate," said Bonny Sweeny, an attorney with Coughlin Stoia, one of the law firms handling the settlement.
The proposed $336 million settlement is the result of several class-action lawsuits alleging that Visa, MasterCard and its member banks and Diners Club colluded to set and conceal the fees levied on foreign transactions.
Travelers who used their credit or ATM cards in foreign countries from Feb. 1, 1996, to Nov. 8, 2006, are entitled to one of three refund options, including a flat $25 refund.
"We've got 1.5 million claims so far," said Merrill Davidoff, an attorney with Berger & Montague, another law firm handling the settlement. He expects a total of between 3 million and 5 million claims to be filed.
Q: How much do banks charge to use a credit card overseas? What is the best credit card to use overseas? Is it better to use a credit card or ATM card when traveling abroad?
A: Visa and MasterCard levy a 1 percent charge, and banks then tack on 1 to 2 percent on top of that. So travelers should expect to pay a 1 percent to 3 percent fee when they

########
Rank: 25
Score: 44.1614
Retrieved Text: There are so many banking options out there that you could spend the rest of your life reading and comparing the fine print. It’s no wonder choosing a bank can easily become overwhelming.
If you’re in the process of choosing a bank, a low or fee-free checking account should be a given; there’s no need to be charged for the pleasure of setting up an account. While according to Bankrate’s 2015 Checking Account Survey, 37% of checking accounts are honest-to-goodness free, a whopping 95% of checking accounts are free if you meet certain requirements, such as setting up regular direct deposits and keeping a minimum monthly balance.
Fees, fees, fees. You can be charged by banks unexpectedly for overdraft fees, account maintenance fees, account closing fees, and more. Look for banks with low or fee-free checking accounts that have accessible and fee-free ATMs and zero overdraft fees. While it may be hard to believe, banks can still make money without charging their customers ridiculous fees.
If you travel internationally, you’ll want to check banks’ international ATM fees as well. It’s important to note that no matter what bank you have, out-of-network ATMs may cost you money because the ATM operator could charge you a fee to use their machine. However, most big banks charge you for using out-of-network ATMs on top of the ATM operator fee. For this reason, it’s best to look for a bank that doesn’t charge you out-of-network ATM fees if you travel often.
Also, bear in mind that credit card networks charge international service fees on

########
Rank: 26
Score: 44.068756
Retrieved Text: Drawing over 27 million people annually, Malaysia has long been a popular tourist destination for regional travellers. Most come for short stays to experience the vibrant city life, or to switch off for a while at one of its beautiful beaches. However, with its flourishing tech and start-up scene, Kuala Lumpur is fast becoming a hot ticket for entrepreneurs and those looking to settle for the longer term.
Whether you’re headed for the beach or the boardroom, you’re going to need some cash in your pocket for your stay.
This quick guide walks through Malaysia’s currency and banking systems so you’ll know what to expect.
The Malaysian currency is called the Ringgit.
1 MYR Each Ringgit is divided into 100 Sen.
MYR coins Malaysian coins come in 5, 10, 20 and 50 Sen denominations in a variety of different materials and finishes.
MYR banknotes Banknotes are available in denominations of 1, 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 Ringgits. The smaller value notes (RM1 and RM5) are polymer while the other notes are paper printed. There are several different series’ of banknotes in circulation, although older ones are more rare. They’re all legal, but some merchants might refuse the very old notes, especially if they show some damage.
Other currencies aren’t widely accepted in Malaysia, so you’ll need to exchange some cash to get you through.
The Ringgit can not legally be traded outside of Malaysia, so you’ll need to exchange some cash when you arrive. Some exchange bureaus have found ways around this rule, so you may be offered currency exchange at home -

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.92697
Retrieved Text: With over 90 languages spoken across the city, Houston has been described as one of the most diverse cities in the USA. Global nomads and tourists alike can expect a warm welcome in ‘The Big Heart’, as Houston is friendly and hip. For fun, you could visit Houston’s famous seven-mile indoor shopping tunnel, watch a game at the Astrodome or tour the NASA facilities.
If you want to make the most of Houston’s vibrant cultural scene, be sure to spend your money on museums, restaurants and concert tickets instead of on ATM, money exchange and foreign credit card fees. Before you go, read our guide to the best places to exchange money in Houston.
Take the time to understand how exchange rates work. An exchange rate is the price of one currency in terms of another. You’ll notice a variation in the exchange rates offered in money exchange branches. The reason for this, is that they’re not actually offering the real rate. The interbank or mid-market exchange rate is the real rate. You can check the real rate from an online currency converter. The difference in rates will highlight extra fees hidden in an exchange rate. Be sure to add in any upfront fees charged to determine the true cost of a conversion.
The factors influencing exchange rates are often in flux. Some factors affecting exchange rates include public debt, interest rates, inflation and political decisions. Utilise our rate tracker tool to receive live exchange rate notifications.
It’s a good idea to check whether your home bank has any partnerships

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.746174
Retrieved Text: a family member’s birth year, i.e., 1972 (your last child), 1935 (your dad’s).
your car’s model year (1998).
your house number, with a “0” at the beginning or the end (#113 Elm Street would be 0113 as the PIN).
the first four digits in your driver’s license number. Notice that it’s the first numbers and not the last four numbers as a suggestion.
the last four numbers in your home phone number or your cell number.
your birth year (choosing another family member is better).
Be sure that you do not write your PIN number on your ATM card. This is a just an open invitation to someone to take all of your money! Although it may seem that this will make it convenient for you to remember the number, it’s a bad idea in any case because it’s completely unsecure. Do not write the PIN number anywhere on the card, front or back. Also, don’t write the number on a piece of paper and attach it to the card, which is just as bad. Commit the number to memory, period.
Protect your PIN number anytime and anywhere where you’re using it. This means when you’re making a purchase and you’re swiping your card, or when you’re making a withdrawal at an ATM machine. Cover up your hand as you press in your PIN number on the keypad machine. Block the other person(s) view with your body while you’re keying in your PIN number. Use the end cap of a pencil or an ink pen to key in the numbers while you’re using

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.62441
Retrieved Text: ATMs began making their appearance in the United States in earnest in the 1970s, and once they did, Americans took to them the way they did to fast-food joints. No more racing to the bank before it closed. No more fumbling with the checkbook and holding everybody else up in the checkout line at the grocery store.
Networks made the machines even more useful. First it was just your own bank’s machines, and if yours was a small, local institution that limited the range of usefulness. Then it became possible to use other banks’ machines (taking care to watch for nasty transaction fees) in the same town or state. Now you can access cash in machines around the world. No more fumbling with traveler’s checks (yes, they’re still around).
The number of ATMs just in this country is somewhere between 450,000 and 500,000, and if that sounds a little vague, wait until you get a sense of whether the numbers will be trending upward — or toward zero, following the path blazed by paper checks.
Arguing against the ATM are several trends. First is how cashless a society this has become.
Sure, in the movies people are always toting silver briefcases stuffed full of neatly bound and stacked paper money. Most of us don’t want or need that much. Many of us can go weeks with our wallets full of credit and debit receipts but not a piece of green paper.
The near ubiquitous acceptance of credit and debit cards — even the Girl Scouts selling cookies at tables outside stores

================



======= Instance Index 600 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To use an Nintendo 64 rumble pak.

Choice 1: Insert the pak into the controller.

Choice 2: Insert the pak into the console.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.893444
Retrieved Text: #nus-013 - This is a pre-owned Genuine Original Nintendo Rumble pac accessory that pluggs into the controller and provides haptic feedback while playing N64 video games. The original Nintendo Rumble pak shakes or vibrates during pertinent or key parts of game play to give it a more realistic feel. For example, when you are attacked, receive hits, or fire a weapon, it will simulate the jolt or shaking to engross the player more deeply into the game. A third party version called the tremor pak also became popular. Since the Official genuine original Nintendo Rumble Pak was first release by Nintendo in 1997 with Star Fox 64, it has become a game industry standard for other generations of controllers. These Original Nintendo Rumble Paks are preowned and in great condition.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.242947
Retrieved Text: Title: Famicom Disk System (HVC-022).
Famicom Disk System RAM (HVC-023).
Title: Famicom Disk System RAM (HVC-023).
Gamecube - Memory Card (Originalt).
Title: Gamecube - Memory Card (Originalt).
Gamecube - Memory Card 16MB (Uoriginalt).
Title: Nintendo 64 - Memory Card (Uoriginalt).
Title: Nintendo 64 - Memory Card (Uoriginalt) (2).
Title: Nintendo 64 - Memory Card (Uoriginalt) (3).
Title: Nintendo 64 Controller Pak.
Title: Nintendo 64 Interact v3.
Title: Nintendo 64 Rumble Pak.
Title: Nintendo Wii Wii2HDMI (1080p).
Wii 4Gamers Officially Licensed 2.1 Speaker System.
Title: Wii 4Gamers Officially Licensed 2.1 Speaker System.
Wii U Pro Gamepad (Sort).
Title: Wii U Pro Gamepad (Sort).

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.048557
Retrieved Text: Memory card for the Nintendo 64 console. Japanese import. Region free, works with any Nintendo 64 console worldwide.
The Controller Pak (コントローラパック Kontorōra Pakku) is the console's memory card, comparable to those seen in the PlayStation and other CD-ROM-based video game consoles. Certain games allowed saving of game files to the Controller Pak, which plugged into the back of the Nintendo 64 controller (as did the Rumble and Transfer Paks). The Controller Pak was marketed as a way to exchange data with other Nintendo 64 owners, since information saved on the game cartridge could not be transferred to another cartridge.
It is plugged into the controller and allowed the player to save game progress and configuration. The original models from Nintendo offered 256 kilobits (32KB) battery backed SRAM, split into 123 pages with a limitation of 16 save files, but third party models had much more, often in the form of 4 selectable memory bank of 256kbits. The number of pages that a game occupied varied (sometimes, it used the entire card). It is powered by a common CR2032 battery.
A Controller Pak is initially useful, and even necessary for the earlier N64 games. Over time, the Controller Pak lost ground to the convenience of a battery backed SRAM (or EEPROM) found in some cartridges. Because the Nintendo 64 used a game cartridge format that allows saving data on the cartridges themselves, few first party and second party games used the Controller Pak. The vast majority are from third-party developers. This is most likely due to the increased production

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.24534
Retrieved Text: Is the most iconic introduced various series staples, from power- ups to. Subsections: Games with GameShark codes Army Men: Sarge' s Heroes 2 ( Nintendo 64) Dino Crisis ( PlayStation) Final Fantasy VII ( PlayStation) Final Fantasy X- 2 ( PlayStation 2).
Re volt n64 rom download. While not the first game of the Mario franchise, Super Mario Bros.
This is a list of games released solely for a specific console. For related lists of other consoles, see Lists of video games. The Nintendo 64 video game console has a library of games, which were primarily released in plastic ROM cartridges.
The Controller Pak ( コントローラパック, Kontorōra Pakku) is the console' s memory card, comparable to those seen in the PlayStation and other CD- ROM- based video game consoles. Certain games allow saving of game files to the Controller Pak, which plugs into the back of the Nintendo 64 controller ( as do the Rumble and Transfer Paks). The Controller Pak was marketed as a way to exchange.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.190136
Retrieved Text: Umm, didn't the game require the expansion pak to play? the game can't work on Wii since that console won't work with a Nintendo 64 expansion pak, this had been the case with other nintendo 64 games, for instance, without a Controller Pak, Mario Kart 64 can't save ghost data, without a rumble, the Stone of Agony in Ocarina of time is useless, etc. sorry, but it's better that you wait for a DS... Download the Donkey Kong 64 ROM for Nintendo 64 /N64. Filename: Donkey Kong 64 (J) [!].zip. Works with Android, Windows, and Mac OS X devices.
K. Rool has kidnapped the Kongs! Can Donkey Kong rescue his friends, reclaim the Golden Bananas and save his homeland from certain doom? Take out some Kremlings with Chunky’s Pineapple Launcher or Lanky’s Trombone.... 5/03/2008 · Well, I seem to remeber in the authentic N64 game that you did need a certain amount of bananas in order to unlock the multiplayer mode. I think that this is just the actual game.
Donkey Kong Country is an online SNES game that you can play at Emulator Online. This free Super Nintendo game is the United States of America region version for the USA. Donkey Kong Country is a single title from the many adventure games, arcade games and donkey kong games offered for this console. If you enjoyed playing this, then you can find similar games in the snes games category. Donkey … how to play with your dog To get the nintendo coin, complete all four levels in the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.726555
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Nintendo Buyer's Guide! This area of our website is dedicated to making sure you select the best games to suit your family's entertainment needs.
For more information about how to get the most from ESRB game ratings, view the ESRB's video here.
How do I use game ratings to determine if the content is appropriate for my family?
How can I preview the game and see more about its content before I make a purchase?
How can I determine what kinds of games (action, adventure, sports) are best for the age and skill level of my child?
How do I know if I have to purchase additional accessories?
To help ensure you are informed about the content of our titles, Nintendo and its licensees submit their games to an industry ratings board called the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB).
Established in 1994, the ESRB is an independent organization responsible for reviewing and rating video games for content. Every game that appears on a Nintendo system is rated by the ESRB. Leading members of Congress, child advocacy groups, retailers, and developers have all given praise to the ESRB rating system.
The ESRB uses highly-trained raters, from all walks of life, to review games and determine what a game's rating will be. The raters are not affiliated with any company or publisher in the video game industry.
Once a game has been reviewed, it is assigned a rating and, at times, one or more content descriptors. These are designed to provide information on the type of content the game contains, and what age level

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.473625
Retrieved Text: Star Fox (スターフォックス, SutāFokkusu) is a video game series developed and published by Nintendo. The original game was a forward-scrolling 3D Sci-Fi rail shooter. Later sequels added more directional freedom as the series progressed. The game concept was inspired by a shrine to a fox god who could fly, which Shigeru Miyamoto visited regularly. The shrine was accessible through a series of arches, thus, inspiring the gameplay.
The first game in the series, developed by Nintendo EAD and programmed by Argonaut Software, used the Super FX Chip to create the first accelerated 3D gaming experience on a home console. The Super FX Chip was an additional math co-processor that was built into the cartridge and helped the Super Famicom and SNES better render the game's graphics. The Super FX Chip has been used in other Super Famicom/SNES games as well, some with increased processing speed. Its reboot, Star Fox 64, further revolutionized the video game industry by being the first Nintendo 64 game to feature the Rumble Pak.
Solar is an album by jazz musician Red Garland, recorded in 1962 and released the same year on Jazzland as JLP 73.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.676186
Retrieved Text: You can order on Etsy.
​Adds Wireless Xbox 360 Controller support to your Nintendo 64!
The n360 is a small circuit board which adds a USB port to the Nintendo 64 Console and is connected to the controller ports internally. I call it the n360. The n360 has out of the box support for Xbox 360 Wireless controllers with an Xbox 360 Wireless Receiver.
Xbox 360 Wireless Receiver and Xbox Controllers not included!
• Full Rumble Pak support on all controllers.
• Controller Pak support for Player 1. Two memory banks available for twice as many saved games.
* The Xbox 360 Wireless controller must be de-synced or switched off to allow an original controller to be connected to that port.
6. BACK+START = Turn off the Controller. The controller will turn off automatically after losing sync (i.e turning off the console) after a minute or so anyway.
7. Pressing Y will toggle a reduced analog range for the stick. This can help achieve finer control i.e. when aiming. A ‘finer’ rumble from the controller indicates the finer range is active. A ‘rougher’ rumble indicates the normal range.
8. LB+RB then press XBOX button to enable ‘Golden Eye’ mode. This is a mode made specifically for Goldeneye 007 and uses the secondary analog stick and takes advantage of the games ability to use two n64 controllers at the same time for dual analog stick inputs (Move and Aim). Scroll to the bottom of this page for more information. Also works in Perfect Dark!
​The controller will rumble briefly to indicate a successful combo input.
When changing peripherals,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.25665
Retrieved Text: Mario Kart 64 (Nintendo 64, 1997). Version: English Language US version .
Mario Kart 64 is the 64-bit sequel to one of the best-selling games of the 16-bit era. Mario and his peers race against each other around lap-based tracks, using special items to their advantage. Items of mischief with roots in the Nintendo universe include banana peels, Koopa Troopa shells, ghosts, invincibility stars and more. Eight of Nintendo's best-known characters -- Mario, Luigi, Peach, Toad, Yoshi, Donkey Kong, Wario and Bowser -- make an appearance in the sequel. Sixteen circuit tracks are divided among four Cups (Mushroom, Flower, Star and Special) and four battle tracks are included, too. Mario Kart 64 also features the same gameplay modes as the original. Mario GP, which is for one or two players, pits your character in a series of races against the rest of the computer-controlled field. The VS mode is for two to four players, with no computer competition. Little "kart bombs" populate the track to make things even more interesting. Battle is the famous mode in which two to four players chase each other around a closed arena. A Time Trial mode also exists for one player. For the sequel, Nintendo implemented a feature that enables ghost riders of your best races to be saved. Additionally, the go-karts are available in three engine sizes: 50cc, 100cc and 150cc. The engine size affects the speed of the game. Peripheral support is available with the Controller Pak and Rumble Pak. The game does contain a built-in EEPROM chip to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.741936
Retrieved Text: The Pokemon craze continues with Pokemon Stadium, the second Pokemon game for the Nintendo 64. Pokemon Stadium provides nothing significantly new other than being able to see all 150 of the original Pokemon battle in three-dimensional graphics.
The fighting game play is fundamentally the same as the fighting that takes place within the Game Boy role playing series.
Pokemon Stadium does not allow you to fight in non-RPG style; you can’t perform powers with button combinations in the vein of Super Smash Bros. or Street Fighter. The result is a fairly bland experience.
Battles don’t seem any more exciting in 3-D, and I wasn’t impressed (nor put off) by the character animations. The obligatory set of mini-games has been thrown in to sweeten the pot, but bells and whistles don’t change my overall opinion in this case.
Any Pokemon fan already knows that the Transfer Pak (included with game) allows you to transfer your Game Boy Pokemon (with the levels and powers obtained during play on Game Boy) into the Nintendo 64 for use in Pokemon Stadium.
Two neat additional features are the ability to exchange Pokemon with friends, sans Game Boy, as well as the ability to play your Pokemon Game Boy games on the Nintendo 64 through the Transfer Pak.
Unfortunately, you can’t play other Game Boy games on the Nintendo 64, except Mario Golf (and possibly the upcoming Perfect Dark). You can exchange data between the N64 and GB versions as well.
I can’t understand why Nintendo did not make the Transfer Pak capable of playing all Game Boy games.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.340137
Retrieved Text: Download Nintendo 64/N64 games, but first download an emulator to play Nintendo 64/N64 ROMS. Project 64 v N64 ROMS Emulator for Windows - Works. Free Nintendo 64/N64 ROMs to download for PC, Android, Apple. Console: Nintendo 64 Genre: Board Game, Card Game, Misc . PC emulators like Project 64, and Android emulators like Mupen64Plus allow this console to live on in our. Nintendo 64 / N64 Information. Nintendo 64, also known as Project Reality is a gaming console, a joint product of Nintendo and Silicon Graphics. Later the name .
ROMs, ISOs, Games. Most Popular Project64 is a Nintendo 64 emulator written in the programming language C for the operating system Windows. This software Definitely one of the best Nintendo 64 emulators out there. Homepage. ROMs, ISOs, Games. Most Popular Sections. PS2 ISOs () Download Nintendo 64 ROMs. Step 1» How to use emulators: Nintendo 64 -. Info. Shopping. The N64 is one of the most controversial consoles ever made. sprawling games like Legend of Zelda or Super Mario 64 which would be infernally dull an analog stick and rumble, which makes emulation unsuitable for many games unless.
Developers often preferred the Playstation for their titles due to the N64's inability to provide media rich content which games such as the Final Fantasy series. Download Nintendo 64 / N64 ROMs for Android, MAC, and PC Devices absolutely free. 3 Jan Today I will show you how to play any N64 video game in the world on your PC! This uses an emulator called Project Anyways, off to the.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.250225
Retrieved Text: While Nintendo may no longer rule the home console world, one thing you can never take away from them is their constant desire to experiment and innovate, especially when it comes to peripherals for their systems. Over many years, and several console generations, Nintendo has released a staggering amount of add-on hardware for everything they make. Some have been massive successes, some have been horrible failures, but many of them are still remembered by gamers everywhere, especially the ones on this list.
The good old orange and gray light gun that came with every Nintendo starting with its North American launch in 1985. Sure, most people only used it for Duck Hunt, because that game was also released at the same time the console launched (and in some areas, was a double cartridge along with Super Mario Bros that came with the console) but there were actually a couple dozen games that it was compatible with. such as The Adventures of Bayou Billy and Hogan’s Alley. But for the vast majority, it was screens of randomly flying ducks and the infuriating dog that everyone tried to shoot with the Zapper at least once (yes, you did, don’t lie). Unfortunately, even though many things from the original NES have been ported in some way to current technology, the original Zapper never will be, because it was designed to work on curved CRT screens, and is not compatible with the LCDs, plasma screens, or any other flat panel display methods that have become commonplace in modern TVs, due to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.464252
Retrieved Text: This article is about the Nintendo GameCube accessory. For the key item that has a similar name in the Japanese Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver, see GB Sounds.
The Game Boy Player (Japanese: ゲームボーイプレーヤー Game Boy Player) is an accessory for the Nintendo GameCube that allows the player to play Game Boy, Game Boy Color, or Game Boy Advance games. It plugs into the "High Speed Port" on the bottom of the GameCube. It requires a boot disc to run. Like the Game Boy handheld systems themselves, the Game Boy Player hardware is region-free, but the boot disc is not.
Nearly any Game Boy, Game Boy Color, or Game Boy Advance title can be played on the Game Boy Player, with the exception of the Game Boy Advance Video series (to prevent users from copying the GBA Video titles to recordable media such as blank VHS tapes or DVDs). Some games, such as Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble and the Game Boy Camera, can run on the Game Boy Player, but are impractical to play as they were designed with the portability of the Game Boy in mind.
The Game Boy Player is the successor to the Super Game Boy and Super Game Boy 2, which are accessories for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System which is very similar in function. However, the Game Boy Player cannot activate any of the special Super Game Boy enhancements.
In North America and Europe, the unit is only available in black; indigo is available in Japan and Australia, and spice and platinum are only available in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.399708
Retrieved Text: Extrems / Not64. Code. configuration screen presents each N64 button and allows you to toggle through sources * There are 4 configuration slots for each type of.Mario Kart 64 is an uncommon European-only slot machine game licensed by Nintendo and developed by Maygay (who also made the machines) and released in 1996, being the.
Plaques have a keyhole slot on back to hang with a. Gaming 'Nintendo 64 Game Machine' Silk Screen Print Graphic Art in. Bass Loc Framed Vintage.
Recent images show that it still works great. Loc. adapting expansion slot at the base of console. Super Nintendo N64 Nintendo 64 Nintendo Sega.
What looks like a very similar game to the N64 Pokemon Battle,. joysticks and quarter slots there can only be one king. and added a couple more loc.
Chicago citation style: Fredensborg slot castle, Helsingör, Denmark. 1919-20?., 1919. to 1920?. Photograph. Retrieved from the Library of Congress, https://lccn.loc.Find great deals on eBay for nintendo 64 slot and lot of super nintendo. Shop with confidence.favorite this post Feb 8 N64 Games $1. favorite this post Feb 8 SURE LOC X PRESS $475. favorite this post Feb 8 20-running-1/24 th scale SLOT CARS $500.
Expansion Pak Slot Cover Description. A replacement cover for the Nintendo 64 expansion pak slot. The slot is on the top of the Nintendo 64 system and covers the. Nintendo 64; Nintendo Gamecube;. Games published by Sega. Found 986 games with 40436 tracks!. G-LOC Air Battle: Sega Game Gear (SGC) 1990.The Cruelty Is the Only Option trope as used. Impossible for the Nintendo 64:. you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.278023
Retrieved Text: Mario Tennis is a video game that was developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color in 2000. In Japan , the Nintendo 64 version is called Mario Tennis 64 .
A sports game in the vein of Mario Golf , Mario Tennis gathers allies and foes of Mario together to play tennis .
Through the use of an N64 Transfer Pak , a player could import his or her characters from the Game Boy Color version of Mario Tennis to the N64 game. It could also import the player's stats.
This game is notable for the introduction of Waluigi , an antagonist of Luigi that may be related to Wario , the reintroduction of Princess Daisy , and first-ever appearance of Birdo as a controllable character.
Note: In this game Mario is almost always the referee. The only time when Mario is not the referee is when Mario is actually playing in a game himself. In this case, a blue version of Mario is the referee.
This game sold well, introducing many new elements to the Mario series, including: the option to play as Waluigi and Daisy; along with a new style of gameplay. It has also been speculated that Birdo was introduced as a female love interest for Yoshi.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.794296
Retrieved Text: The Nintendo 64 Rumble Pack. This little add-on attaches to your controller and vibrates at action sequences in games where this feature is included. This item comes unboxed, has been tested and works fine. Requires an AAA battery which is not included.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.705532
Retrieved Text: Since the beginning of gaming, cheats and codes have always existed. Here's the best.
Remembering one of the longest running video game magazines of all time.
Despite still having A.I. and item balancing issues, Mario Kart 7 is a return to form in one of the most fun 3DS titles.
Metal Arcade takes a fond look back at the Nintendo 64, which gave us rumble support, a capable analog stick, and great memories.
Nintendo: Down for the Count?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.506704
Retrieved Text: Everyone’s favorite Star Fox theme is here for the 12 hole ocarina! Relive the glory days of the Nintendo 64 as they released the Rumble Pack! This song is easy to play and offers many fond memories for me personally! Hope you all enjoy!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.399422
Retrieved Text: Monster Truck Madness 2 is a racing video game released on April 30, 1998 for PC and Nintendo 64. It was developed by Terminal Reality and published by Microsoft Games.
Monster Truck Madness 2 full version game proposes more enhanced graphics than the previous version. Although the game is the same as used in the predecessor, yet it includes new trucks and tracks. An online feature ‘Summit Rumble’ is embedded as well. More new races have been included, with the commentary of ‘Army’ Armstrong. There is an unlocked car, ‘Chuck’s Car’. If the player types ‘CHUCK’ during the race, it will be unlocked. When the word is typed, the following message shall be displayed on the screen: Restart the game to drive Chuck’s Car. But, when the player restarts the game, he does not find it there.
Trucks include: Bearfoot, Black Stallion, Bulldozer, Grave Digger, Overkill, Stinger and many more. Circuits include: Farm Road 29, The Graveyard, Crazy ’98, Breakneck Ridge and many more. Rallies are: Sidewinder Canyon, Voodoo Island, Tumbleweed Flats and Tinhorn Junction. Summit Rumbles include: Arena Rumble, Pyramid Rumble, and Hypercude Rumble.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.092697
Retrieved Text: Reviewers also noted that the initial operating software and features were limited and included software bugs that, while likely to be fixed in time, marred the experience of slots game 944 the system.
129 The Switch includes 32 GB of internal storage, which can be expanded up to 2 TB using a microSD, a microsdhc or a microsdxc card.Up to eight Switch Consoles can be connected in a wireless ad hoc network for local multiplayer games, and multiple players can play on each of the connected Switches.Retrieved b Reilly, Luke.There was a minimum number of cartridges that had to be ordered by the licensee from Nintendo.141 Instead, Nintendo announced some of the partners that had committed to supporting the Switch; contrasting Nintendo&apos;s struggles to gain third-party support on-launch for previous platforms, the company initially listed 48 third-party publishers, studios, and middleware developers."How to Scan amiibo on Nintendo Switch Nintendo Support".
Skrebels, Joe (December 14, 2016).
"Consolidated Financial Highlights - Q1 FY2019" (PDF).
According to Takahashi, "we have been aiming to realize an environment in which a variety of different third-party developers are able to easily develop compatible software taking advantage of the Nvidia chipset&apos;s support for many standard libraries that allows for ease of transition from other.
372 The Switch was also the fastest-selling console in Canada, online blackjack card counting uston having shipped 400,000 units in its first 10 months, narrowly outpacing the Wii&apos;s performance of 392,000 units in the same time period, according to TechVibes.
Retrieved September 4, 2018."Nintendo announces new adjustable charging stand for Nintendo Switch - Nintendo Official

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.867985
Retrieved Text: A fun, cartooned theme boxing simulator. Ready 2 Rumble boxing throws realism out of the window, instead focusing on playability and fun and should appeal to all gamers, boxing fans or not.
Demul 0.5.8.2 (DirectX 10) – Game works very well with no noticeable glitches.
The game also launched for the Sony PlayStation, Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Colour consoles.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.154675
Retrieved Text: This article is about the 2004 Nintendo DS game console. For the entire series, see Nintendo DS family and Nintendo DS (disambiguation).
The Nintendo DS,[b] or simply DS, is a dual-screen handheld game console developed and released by Nintendo. The device released globally across 2004 and 2005. The DS, short for "Developers' System" or "Dual Screen", introduced distinctive new features to handheld gaming: two LCD screens working in tandem (the bottom one featuring a touchscreen), a built-in microphone, and support for wireless connectivity. Both screens are encompassed within a clamshell design similar to the Game Boy Advance SP. The Nintendo DS also features the ability for multiple DS consoles to directly interact with each other over Wi-Fi within a short range without the need to connect to an existing wireless network. Alternatively, they could interact online using the now-defunct Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection service. Its main competitor was Sony's PlayStation Portable during the seventh generation of video game consoles. It was likened to the Nintendo 64[citation needed] from the 1990s, which led to several N64 ports such as Super Mario 64 DS and Diddy Kong Racing DS, among others.
Prior to its release, the Nintendo DS was marketed as an experimental, "third pillar" in Nintendo's console lineup, meant to complement the Game Boy Advance and GameCube. However, backward compatibility with Game Boy Advance titles and strong sales ultimately established it as the successor to the Game Boy series. On March 2, 2006, Nintendo launched the Nintendo DS Lite, a slimmer and lighter redesign of the original Nintendo DS with brighter screens. On November 1, 2008, Nintendo released the Nintendo DSi, another redesign with several hardware improvements and new features. All Nintendo DS models combined have sold 154.02 million units, making

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.022526
Retrieved Text: The rise of second screen gaming: Where will the PS4 and Xbox One take us?
The concept of “second screen gaming” has gained significant traction over the last few years. It may seem like little more than a bullet point on the spec sheets of the PS4 and Xbox One, but secondary screens actually have a long history in the world of gaming. In fact, we’ve been using multiple screens for over three decades now. To better understand this growing trend, let’s take a look at the history of the second screen and examine its evolution in the marketplace.
Back in 1982, Nintendo began releasing models of its popular handheld series that featured two separate LCD screens in a clamshell configuration. This novel dual-screen design offered substantially more screen space for these mobile games while keeping the device itself small enough to fit into a pocket. Decades later, Nintendo would return to this core dual-screen design with its line of Nintendo DS handhelds to massive success.
In the 90s, Nintendo was in the unique position of having a popular home console and a popular handheld on the market at the same time. The Kyoto company had toyed with cross-platform compatibility with the Super Game Boy accessory for the SNES, but it wasn’t until the Nintendo 64 rolled around that second screen gaming seriously entered the picture.
With the Transfer Pak accessory, gamers could transfer data between Game Boy and N64 cartridges. For example, Pokémon Stadium used the Transfer Pak extensively to import specific Pokémon from the Game Boy carts for

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.809593
Retrieved Text: Asking on behalf of my brother, anyone know of any decent N64 emulators for the Mad Katz Mojo.
GameShark is the brand name of a line of video game enhancers and.
Anyone who is anyone in the gaming industry has heard of Mad Catz.
Best of all, Bassmasters 2000 is the only N64 fishing game to feature a two-player mode. including one specifically for the Mad Catz Rumble Rod.
Mad Catz Steering Wheel - A set consisting of an analog steering wheel that turns 270 degrees, two foot pedals, and a stick shift.Mad Catz survival is unsure as it fails to meet monthly figures - everything is hanging on Rock Band 4.
Nintendo 64 games. List of. the brand name is owned by Mad Catz, Inc. who is actively.
The Mad Catz Pro Circuit Gamepad has a number of unique features including swappable components.Find great deals on eBay for mad catz steering wheel and xbox 360 steering wheel and pedals.
Listen or download Mad Catz Mojo Emulaotry Snes Gba Ds Ps1 Psp N64 music song for free.Buy Mad Catz Saitek Pro Flight X-55 Rhino H.O.T.A.S. (Hands on Throttle and Stick) System for PC with fast shipping and top-rated customer service. Newegg.Now that origional N64 controllers are rarer than gold, 3rd party options are looking more viable. Mad Catz, long known for their affordable hardware alternatives and questionable quality, have.Well, if your reading this, then your about to learn how to fix that old Nintendo 64 controller with the analog stick that flops around.
We feel you are undecided and confused because the information on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.590588
Retrieved Text: Support the Latest for Nintendo 3DS perfectly.
7. Support RTS - real Time Save.
8. Realtime skin/themes change function(support random skin/themes selection mode).
9. Able to memorize and restore to the previously selected game or application after restarting machine and soft reset.
10. Able to recognize and display SD card type, volume and type of formatting.
11. Sleep mode function,for power saving and longer standby time.
12. User friendly interface,easy to operate.
13. Uses for MicroSD card FAT 16 or 32.
14. Support any for MicroSD card speed with no lag in game.
17. Works on any PC OS.
19. Open I/O interface. Supports Moonshell and other homeberw (incl. 4KB homebrew).
20. Integrated Latest MoonShell 2.0 Beta version.
21. Support WIFI-games. DS Rumble Pak. DS Browser.
24. Users just one click away from playable games download.
25. WiFi search engine function available with NDS/NDSi/NDSiLL. Users are able to search and download the games and the latest game information according to their own preferences anytime, anywhere.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.323969
Retrieved Text: n64gm028_2 - Developed by Eurocom Entertainment Software and Published by GT Interactive Software Corp., "Duke Nukem: Zero Hour" was released for the Nintendo 64 (N64) Entertainment System in September of 1999. Duke Nukem, one of the best action hero in gaming, starts his second third-person-perspective adventure for the Nintendo 64. The scenario of Duke Nukem: Zero Hour is almost patterned after the movie Terminator, in that the aliens this time want to take over the world before Duke was even born by time travel. But like Reese in terminator, Duke follows them through time in a quest to halt their sinister plans for world conquest. The difference is that in Duke Nukem: Zero Hour, Duke has an arsenal of up to 20 all-new weapons. And unlike Terminator, Duke travels through up to four time periods, including the wild west, the dark ages, victorian London and finally the post apocalyptic world of the future. The level design in Duke Nukem: Zero Hour is actually quite good, with nice environments and very atmospheric. Our hero has to be wary of 25 murderous enemies and eight bosses that he must face down, but the multitude of weapons can see him through, with a little skill. You will enjoy this game, as there are many hidden items, secrets to be revealed and cheats to help. The gameplay is good, the music and sound is clear and detailed, and the graphics are good, what you have grown to expect from the Nintendo 64 of that era. Definitely made for mature audiences.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.31969
Retrieved Text: Popularity - 142 views, 5.7 views per day, 25 days on eBay. Very high amount of views. 6 sold, 5 available.
142 views, 5.7 views per day, 25 days on eBay. Very high amount of views. 6 sold, 5 available.
Seller - 2,039+ items sold. 0.2% negative feedback. Great seller with very good positive feedback and over 50 ratings.
2,039+ items sold. 0.2% negative feedback. Great seller with very good positive feedback and over 50 ratings.
Nintendo 64 OFFICIAL Transfer Pak Gameboy NUS-019 N64 Tested & Working!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.241419
Retrieved Text: Midway is a leading interactive entertainment industry developer, publisher and marketer of software for both the home console and coin-operated arcade markets. Midway develops and publishes titles for all major platforms, including the Xbox, PlayStation, PS2, Nintendo 64 and Game Boy color, Sega Dreamcast and personal computers.
Midway has been a prominent player in the industry since the dawn of the videogame revolution, with early breakthrough titles including Pong, Defender and Spy Hunter. More recent franchises titles include Ready 2 Rumble Boxing, Hydro Thunder, NFL Blitz and the Mortal Kombat series.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.09403
Retrieved Text: One of the most popular 3DS Emulator is the Nintendo 3DS Emulator which is created by Citra Team. A 3DS Emulator is a software which allows the user to play games such as Pokemon, The legend of Zelda, Animal Crossing, Sonic generations and much more. 3DS Emulator runs on all three platforms which are Windows, MacOS and Linux. The Citra team does not gel with the older PC versions and so to run flawlessly it needs to be run on a 64 bit CPU. The Nintendo 3DS Emulator has a wide range for you to choose from and it lets you play and download all the games for free. There is no need to jailbreak your iOS device to download 3DS Emulator. One of the best features of 3DS Emulator is while you play games, the sight of the gameplay looks very realistic and has a great effect you as the resolution is flawless and you can even connect with your friends and play online.
For all the 90’s kids Pokemon is one of the best cartoon shows they ever watched and the nostalgia proves that they want to stay connected to it, even the Pokemon company doesn’t want to disappoint them and as the saying goes the show must go on. There are a number of Pokemon games on the 3DS Emulator such as Pokemon Omega Ruby, Pokemon Alpha Sapphire, Pokemon Super Mystery Dungeon, Pokemon Mystery Dungeon; Gates to Infinity, Pokemon Rumble World, Pokemon Rumble Blast, Pokemon Ultra Sun, Pokemon Ultra Moon, Pokemon Art Academy, Pokemon

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.253134
Retrieved Text: When Pocket Rumble appeared in the Nintendo Switch Nindies Showcase, many were excited about the retro-styled 2D fighting game that has been inspired by the Neo Geo Pocket Color.
But, after it became clear that the game would miss the March release that had been targeted, developer Cardboard Robot Games soon apologised and promised that they would share more news when they could.
Now, Pocket Rumble has received a rating by Pan European Game Information (PEGI), indicating that we may soon be hearing news as to when it will throw a punch at the Nintendo eShop.
Pocket Rumble will soon see release for Nintendo Switch on the Nintendo eShop.

================



