======= Instance Index 408 =========
Input Text: Some plants are easy for hummingbirds to sip nectar from. While the hummingbirds are taking nectar, the plants also gain something, which is

Which is the correct answer?
- bird friends
- more nectar
- extra food
- a pollinator

Target Text: a pollinator

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 84.50231
Retrieved Text: Attracting butterflies and hummingbirds to your garden is as easy as planting the flowers they like. Plant enough of their favorites so that they can find them easily and return often. But hummingbirds and butterflies need more than just nectar, like water and shelter. One very important thing to remember about attracting hummingbirds, butterflies or anything that is going to be tasting the plants in your garden is to avoid using pesticides. Here are more tips for what to plant to attract butterflies and hummingbirds and how to keep them happy, healthy and returning to your yard.
If you have enough nectar-rich plants in your gardens, butterflies will find it. But to attract and keep butterflies in your garden, you have to be willing to feed their offspring. That means putting up with some destruction from feeding caterpillars, such as black swallowtail caterpillars feasting on your dill and parsley and maybe even planting some weedy milkweed, to attract monarch.
If you can deal with this, then you can make butterflies at home in your garden with puddles for drinking and cooling off, logs for shelter, host plants for laying eggs and, of course, flowers for nectar.
Once you have a hospitable environment for butterflies, keep them coming back by providing their favorite plants. Butterflies are partial to flowers with flat umbels, where they can stop and warm their wings as well as grab a snack on the fly. Bright colors will catch their eye in flight, so consider planting your butterfly plants in swaths larger enough for them to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 83.31066
Retrieved Text: People who set out feeders assume a certain amount of responsibility for these delicate birds. People who are not willing to keep fresh feed in a frequently cleaned container should consider planting a hummingbird garden instead.
Norman Winter, extension horticulturist, said home gardens can attract hummingbirds by providing the birds' favorite flowers. Welcome hummingbirds to a backyard by selecting a variety of plants that flower at successively later dates.
"Hummingbirds love brightly colored flowers, especially red, orange and pink. Nectar-producing flowers that bloom during the birds' migration in spring and again in late summer and early fall attract them to an area," Winter said.
The horticulturist said hummingbirds have almost no sense of smell, so the flowers they are attracted to often are not very fragrant. Birds look for bright colors and high nectar production characteristics.
These unusual creatures display many unique abilities that make them wonderful to watch. A hummingbird's wings can rotate 180 degrees up, down, forward and back, which means the bird can hover, fly backward and ascend vertically. The creatures commonly beat their wings 50 to 70 times per second. Their metabolism is quite fast and their energy requirements are high.
Planting a hummingbird garden is a good way to ensure the birds have adequate food sources in a single yard. A variety of flowering trees, shrubs, vines and flowers satisfies hummingbirds and results in a beautiful landscape for owners to enjoy.
"Azaleas, flowering quince, red buckeye, lantana and mimosa attract hummingbirds. The larger trees are especially beneficial because they can feed dozens of birds at once while

########
Rank: 2
Score: 81.44118
Retrieved Text: While on the phone with a friend the other day, I spied a hummingbird at the feeder by my window. “Wow, that’s a fat hummingbird,” I exclaimed. He pointed out that this is the time of year when the tiny birds start to bulk up for their fall migration to Central America. Good thing I refreshed the nectar earlier in the week.
Hummingbirds literally double their weight before they head south. To put that in perspective, for most of the year, they weigh as much as a dime. So, that bulky hummingbird I saw might have weighed as much as two dimes!
There is only one species of hummingbird seen in this area, the ruby-throated. They start to arrive in our area in mid-April, spend the spring and summer courting, nesting, and raising their young. The hummers depart in early fall as the flowers they visit for nectar finish blooming. In their travels south, hummingbirds follow the end of the season for their preferred food plants, until they reach their winter homes.
There are at least 150 flowering plants in North America that depend upon hummingbirds for pollination. Most of these flowers occur in the birds’ winter range and in the western US where some hummingbirds are resident year-round due to the mild climate.
Plant species whose names one may recognize such as salvia, monarda (bee balm) and penstemon are all good hummingbird attractors. The blooms of the plants that draw the hummers tend to be red, with long, tubular flowers that favor the bird’s long, slender beak. These lengthy

########
Rank: 3
Score: 79.0509
Retrieved Text: Hummingbirds are particularly fond of bright red flowers. Bee Balm and Cardinal Flower are two of the hummingbirds' favorite nectar sources.
One of the most rewarding experiences of gardening and landscaping is viewing the wildlife that your garden attracts. Butterflies, hummingbirds, bees, insects, rabbits, squirrels and other wildlife find refuge in backyard gardens. Some seek shade, others hunt for food, and some species make our gardens their homes. While rabbits and squirrels may not be the gardener's favorite wildlife, the vibrant colors of fluttering butterflies and the graceful dance of hummingbirds feeding on nectar producing flowers add greatly to the beauty of a garden in bloom.
Many of the same colorful, fragrant, nectar-producing blooms attract butterflies as well as hummingbirds. It's important to create a host environment for larvae and caterpillars as well, which later transform into those butterflies. Good host plants are leafy and can provide shelter and food for larvae and caterpillars.
A butterfly on a butterfly bush bloom. Butterfly bush (Buddleia davidii) is a perennial that attracts butterflies, hummingbirds and bees with its large, fragrant panicles. The butterfly bush should be included in any butterfly or hummingbird garden.
Butterflies are attracted to colorful, fragrant flowers that are shallow and easy to perch on. Food in the form of nectar, or sometimes rotting fruit, sap, or even animal waste will lure butterflies to plants. Nectar is the primary attractor; it feeds both butterflies and hummingbirds. Color and fragrance are also important features that draw butterflies and hummingbirds to your garden.
Hummingbirds are particularly fond of bright red, purple, white,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 78.00933
Retrieved Text: Hummingbirds are fascinating to watch and great pollinators - so it's no surprise that they are one of the most popular backyard birds.
To attract hummingbird to your backyard attractive, plant pant red, tubular flowers that are native to your area.
Alternatively or additionally, you can provide a regular supply of artificial nectar (sugar water). Hummingbirds love artificial hummingbird feeders, as they can provide the daily nectar equivalent of 2,000 to 5,000 flowers. However, since sugar water is not rich in nutrients, a variety of plants should also be available to them (scroll down for info).
Place feeders in an open area at least 15 feet apart from each other. Hummingbirds don't like to feed close to houses or windows.
You can attract hummingbirds to a new feeder by placing ripe fruit next to it, as this will attract gnats and other insects that hummingbirds also like to feed on.
However, it is important to realize that dirty feeders and contaminated sugar water will make hummingbirds sick and potentially kill them. Bacteria and mold will grow quickly in sugar water. If you don't have time to sanitize a hummingbird feeder and provide fresh sugar water regularly (which could be EVERY DAY when the weather is hot and humid), it is better for the hummingbirds if you add some hummingbird plants to your garden to provide good nutrition and requiring little to no care. Please scroll down for info.
The diet of Hummingbirds requires an energy source (typically nectar) and a protein source (typically small insects). For nectar, hummingbirds will happily take artificial

########
Rank: 5
Score: 76.95329
Retrieved Text: Every spring we wait for the weather to warm up and for the Hummingbirds to return to our gardens from their winter vacations in Central and South America. Some of these aerial acrobats spend the summer and fall in our gardens and some of them are just passing through before flying on to their summer homes further north. Of the over 300 species, less than 10 nest and breed here although you may observe many more different visiting species.
When planning your hummingbird garden, remember that like all birds, hummingbirds need food, water, shelter and nesting sites. Over one half of a hummingbird’s diet consists of insects which are an essential protein for hatchlings growth. Insect friendly, nectar rich flower gardens and supplemental hummingbird feeders will keep these beautiful birds well fed.
Hummingbirds are attracted to bright colored tubular flowers and particularly love red flowers. Provide flowers with different bloom times which will provide an abundant food source over a long time period. Be sure and include summer flowering plants along with spring and fall blooming flowers that will provide migrating humming birds with food. Avoid chemical use as much as possible. Even small amounts of herbicides or insecticides can contaminate flowers nectar and be fatal to hummingbirds. Use compost to fertilize your plants and encourage the insects they can feed on.
If you are going to provide supplemental food for your hummingbirds, use the classic formula of four parts water (4 cups) to one part sugar (1 cup). Increasing the concentration can make it harder for the hummingbirds

########
Rank: 6
Score: 76.58591
Retrieved Text: Learn to provide the food, water and shelter needed to bring these winged beauties to your garden!
Planning a garden that will attract hummingbirds and butterflies to your Tehachapi yard is a fun project that enchants children and adults alike. When my children were growing up, we enjoyed observing both kinds of these garden inhabitants in their various stages of life and learned to appreciate the beauty they bring to our outdoor habitat as they flit from flower to flower.
We had a wonderful resource person in our dear friend Ed Sampson, the well-known and much-loved entomologist/horticulturist who owned Mourning Cloak Ranch (the ranch was named for the Mourning Cloak Butterfly that was found in abundance there in the early years) who nurtured our budding love of butterflies and mentored my two youngest boys for four years, one day a week at the ranch. Among other things, he taught them about butterflies and moths and even helped them start their own scientific collections.
Many plants that attract hummingbirds and butterflies are easy to grow in Tehachapi, and thrive in our environment.
I could easily define my garden as a haven for these visitors as many of the plants I have grown for years attract them both. In early spring there is a large Grevallia shrub in bloom right outside my south-facing front door. Its unusual red flowers are a magnet for hummingbirds, which can see the color red even though insects cannot.
One year a very aggressive male “hummer” staked out that bush and dive bombed anyone brave enough to try

########
Rank: 7
Score: 76.18694
Retrieved Text: It is very interesting to watch the Hummingbird feed. They will eat up to 8 times per hour. However, each feeding session is only going to last from 30 seconds to 1 minute at a time. The majority of the diet for the Hummingbird is from sugar. They consume the nectar from the flowers. They also find sugar from tree sap.
In many locations there are species of Hummingbirds that consume pollen and small insects. They do prefer sugar though and that is what they will get when they can. However, they are opportunistic so they are going to dine one what they can in order to survive.
The Hummingbird doesn’t have the ability to smell at all. Many people think that they find food sources by smell but that isn’t the case. They also have the ability to slow down their metabolism when food sources are very hard to find. Many experts believe that this is a form of evolution that has helped these birds to be able to survive over the course of millions of years.
When food is plentiful though these birds will consume up to 3 times their body weight daily. They have a grooved tongue that is designed to help them consume nectar and other types of food rapidly. They have a long tubular like bill that is designed specifically for their dietary needs.
Instead of a stomach the Hummingbird features a sac element that is in their throat area. That is where they will store the food that they consume until it is taken

########
Rank: 8
Score: 76.044334
Retrieved Text: The ruby-throated hummingbird is named as such because of the red color around its throat. Its hummingbird name, however, is taken from the hum sound produced by the bird’s rapid wing motion which may rise or fall depending on the wing speed. This tiny bird beats its wings at a speed of about 55 to 75 times per second.
The ruby-throated hummingbird is a small bird about 3.5 inches long and weighing about 3.1 grams. It is the adult male that has a red throat with emerald green back, gray flanks and forked tail. The adult female is bigger than the male, with emerald green back, white breast and throat and longer bill.
This bird is probably the most common species that breeds in the eastern section of North America. They are the ones you see hovering at flowers with long black bills that allow them to sip nectar.
The North American hummingbirds share a medium length bill which allows them to feed on different plants while those in South America have longer or curved bills that somehow match the shape of specific flowers. The South American hummingbird is usually the only pollinator of a single plant. In fact, it is said that the hummingbird pollination has greatly influenced the evolution of some 19 species of plants in the eastern part of the U.S. Ruby-throated hummingbirds feed on nectar of more than 30 plants.
The ruby-throated hummingbird is diurnal meaning it is very active the whole day. During the cold winter months, they enter a staged called “hypothermic torpor” which

########
Rank: 9
Score: 75.44866
Retrieved Text: ​If you grow a garden, you probably like seeing butterflies, bees and birds (the three "B's") flitting among the flowers.
And since it's spring, it's the perfect time to plan on attracting these wonderful creatures to your garden. Here is how you can do just that!
Hummingbirds, bees, and butterflies are all "pollinators". They carry pollen from one plant to another. This is what helps flowers bloom and produce fruits, nuts, and vegetables.
The Pollinators (I'm going to capitalize that because it makes them sound like a team of badass gardening superheroes) also help to transfer seeds from one place to another.
​This is why you may notice last years annuals and perennials sprouting in places far away from their original locations.
The Pollinators are responsible for 150 food crops in the US.
There are more than 250, 000 recognized flowering species --pollinators are responsible for reproduction in over 90% of these.
They contribute to everything from the food we eat to the medicine we need.
Without pollinators, there would be little to no agriculture.
Human intervention has caused a decline in the natural number of pollinators. This is a direct threat not only to your garden, but to your well-being as a human.
More and more gardeners are choosing to include flowers to attract pollinators, leaving certain weeds in place, and avoiding harmful chemicals.
Plenty of yards have hummingbird feeders to attract these vibrant, delicate creatures.
Whereas this is a great way to attract them, it may not be beneficial to the ecosystem. Hummingbirds will fill up on the nectar you provide, and ignore the flowers.
It is

########
Rank: 10
Score: 75.39535
Retrieved Text: Feeding hummingbirds can bring great entertainment and joy to a birder's yard, but it is critical that birders not put hummingbirds at risk with the food they offer. Because hummingbird nectar is clear, it is easy to assume it is always fresh and nutritious for birds, when in fact it can spoil just as easily as any other birdseed, suet or other foods. So how can you tell if hummingbird nectar is bad and needs replacing?
Nectar is a simple mixture of sugar and water, but when it spoils, it becomes something different. As the sugars break down into other carbohydrates, they are less nutritious for hummingbirds, and less easily digestible. Mold, fungus, and bacteria, all of which can be dangerous to hummingbirds, will grow in fermenting nectar. Furthermore, the strong odor of spoiled nectar can attract pests such as insects, rats, raccoons, or even bears, all of which can pose a nuisance or threat to both birds and birders. When nectar goes bad it can also thicken and crystallize, which can coat the bills and feathers of feeding birds or clog feeding ports so it is more difficult for birds to sip. Fresh nectar, however, will not be a health hazard to hungry birds and will flow freely through feeders so birds can eat more easily.
One of the best indications that nectar has gone bad is that hummingbirds will no longer drink it. While birds may resort to sipping on spoiled nectar if other food sources are absent and they are desperate for a meal, most

########
Rank: 11
Score: 75.21242
Retrieved Text: Hummingbirds play an important role in the food web, pollinating a variety of flowering plants, some of which are specifically adapted to pollination by hummingbirds. Some tropical hummingbirds are at risk, like other pollinators, due to habitat loss and changes in the distribution and abundance of nectar plants.
58 species of hummingbirds can be found in Mexico; 12 species are endemic and many of those are vulnerable or endangered.
With the goal of making people aware of the importance of conserving hummingbird habitats, the Santa María de Yucatán Project is offering a conference on April 14th, with the participation of Pierre Medina, representative of the Project, Dr. Raúl Ortiz Pulido and Dr. Vanessa Martínez García, both from the Center for Biological Research of the Autonomous University of the State of Hidalgo.
The objective of the Santa María de Yucatán Project is to carry out actions to structure gardens for the conservation of hummingbirds in the state of Yucatan.
The conference is taking place on April 14, at a shopping center in Fraccionamiento Las Americas, in the north of Mérida. This is a basic workshop for the implementation of gardens for hummingbirds which objective is to promote the recovery and care of the populations of these birds in Mérida and the rest of the state.
This event is open to the general public and the recovery cost (costo de recuperación) is 200 pesos per person, which includes material for the participant and participation certificate.
In the event, which will take place from 10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on Sunday April 14th, there will

########
Rank: 12
Score: 75.108665
Retrieved Text: Who doesn’t love hummingbirds! Learn all about the beautiful ruby-throated hummingbird, how to attract hummingbirds to your garden, and how to make hummingbird nectar.
In my neck of the woods we have only one type of hummer—the ruby-throated hummingbird. Take a moment to listen to the call of the ruby-throated hummingbird.
They are fascinating little creatures. Barely 3 inches high with long slender bills almost half as long as their bodies, these tiny dynamos fly at great speeds, beating their little wings over 50 times per second. They possess the ability to hover and even fly backwards. It is hard to believe that something so small migrates all the way from Central America each spring.
Needless to say, one of my favorite summer activities is hummingbird watching. I have two feeders at opposite sides of the house since these little guys seem to be very territorial and don’t like to share. If one is at the feeder when another comes in to drink, there is usually a squawking, aerial dogfight until one is chased away. By keeping the two feeders out of sight of each other a lot of fights are avoided.
To fuel their activities they need lots of nectar and also a great deal of protein which they get from the aphids, gnats, mosquitoes, and other insects that they eat. Their benefit to the garden as pollinators and insectivores, added to their entertainment value, makes them a worthwhile asset to anyone’s yard.
Hummingbirds consume half their body weight in bugs and nectar, feeding every 10 to 15 minutes and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 74.74328
Retrieved Text: Rufous hummingbirds (Selasphorus rufus) travel from Mexico to Alaska and back, making the longest bird migration on earth as measured in body lengths. Habitat conversion and fragmentation threaten rufous hummingbird stopover sites along their migratory corridors. Knowledge of migration routing and timing is essential for insuring the persistence of this important pollinator and the pollination services it provides. We identified the locations of rufous hummingbird nectar corridors in northwestern Mexico based on floral distributions and hummingbird behaviors.
There are three potential spring (northward) nectar corridors: Foothills Corridor, Plains of Sonora Corridor, and Gulf Coast Corridor. The Foothills Corridor is in tropical deciduous forest and foothills thornscrub between the Sonoran Desert and the Sierra Madre Occidental north almost to the United States border (30�20'N).
Tree morning glories (Ipomoea arborescens), tree ocotillos (Fouquieria macdougalii), and local patches of limita (Anisacanthus andersonii), rama del toro (Justicia candicans), and wild j�cama (Ipomoea bracteata) are important floral resources. The Plains of Sonora Corridor goes through the Sonoran Desert from Guaymas (27�30'N) through Hermosillo (29�05'N) to Santa Ana (30�30'N).
Floral resources are palo ad�n (Fouquieria diguetii), tree ocotillo, and ocotillos (Fouquieria splendens) on flats, and tree morning glories on desert ranges. The Gulf Coast Corridor follows the coast to northwestern Sonora, or crosses the Sea of Cortez to Baja California (ca. 29�58'N) using Tibur�n, San Esteban, San Lorenzo Sur, and Angel de la Guardia islands as stopovers. Palo ad�n, chuparrosa (Justicia californica), and ocotillo are important floral resources. Tree morning glories and tree ocotillos, the largest of these species, are the most dependable floral resources,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 73.83363
Retrieved Text: Contrary to popular belief, hummingbirds don’t thrive on nectars/sugar water in order to drive their amazing, hovering flight capability.
Hummingbird’s real food is composed of bugs and spiders, for that much needed protein, vitamin, mineral, and fat intake. However, nectars are a critical part of their diet in that glucose in them serves as an energy fuel, so they can continue their relentless bug hunting.
With that being said, it doesn’t mean that you have to constrain yourself to nectar feeders only; you can also attract bugs for them as well. For example, you can place ripe banana chunks on the side to attract flies.
But first, you need to attract hummingbirds to your feeder in the first place, and in order to do that you need to know what kind of plants attract hummingbirds.
Perennial plants: daylilies, lupines, bee balms, columbines, hollyhocks, coral bells, phlox, red-hot poker.
Annual or biennial plants: foxgloves, lantana, salvia.
The best thing about attracting hummingbirds to your backyard/garden area is that these colorful plants will make it look like a relaxing, exuberant paradise coming straight out of a movie set.
It is no wonder then that hummingbirds have become so popular, as welcome guests to your garden. They hunt all the bugs in the area that you don’t want, they are tiny and cute, and making them welcome also makes your garden attractive for your human guests as well.
If you look up hummingbird feeders online, you will immediately notice that the prevailing color is red. However, as the aforementioned flowers indicate, the feeder could be colored purple,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 73.3486
Retrieved Text: There are plenty of pesky animals intruding on home gardens, but one creature nobody wants to shoo away is the gorgeous hummingbird. Many people pick out plants specifically to attract the tiny, nectar-sucking speed-flappers.
Hummingbirds are able to assess the sugar content of nectar and prefer flowers with higher sugar percentage, so there's a limited selection of plants that will invite them to your yard.
Hummingbirds are "suckers" for Morning Glories and other sweet flowers.
Whispering Hills stocks many of these varieties. Call 847-658-5610 for more information.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 72.82357
Retrieved Text: Now, granted, King went through some tough times. During his days of addiction, his grand desk lorded over a spacious, sun-lit room, where he “...sat behind that desk either drunk or wrecked out of my mind, like a ship's captain in charge of a voyage to nowhere.” After he got sober, he traded his desk for one half its size—and moved it to the corner.
My desk is tucked in the corner. And although I'm neither a world famous author nor a recovering addict, the corner desk works. Otherwise, I'd spend most of my time gazing out the window.
Yesterday, after several months of neglect, I finally cleaned and filled the hummingbird feeders. I hadn't worried much about the birds during the summer, because our garden is filled with nectar-rich plants that provide sustenance for the hummingbirds. Still, as the days become a bit shorter and many of the plants drop their blooms, I decided to add the feeders back to the garden to give the hummingbirds an additional source of food.
The result? A hummingbird fiesta.
Our garden is typically filled with hummingbirds. Trees and bushes provide shelter and places to nest, while the perennials and annuals offer nectar sources. The feeders, though, provide an extra source of nourishment for the hummingbirds—plus, they give us strategic viewpoints for the tiny creatures, which can be challenging to spot among the trees and lantana.
offers excellent information on developing hummingbird habitats. Some of the plants recommended for food sources include lantana, morning glory, honeysuckle, petunia, snapdragon, butterfly weed, bee balm, Indian paintbrush,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 72.33675
Retrieved Text: Once you know how to make hummingbird food, you'll just need a few hummingbird feeders and soon your garden will be filled with these delightful little birds.
The first hummingbird feeder was made available to the public around 1950. This feeder was made of hand blown glass and relied on homemade hummingbird nectar to attract the birds.
As the hummingbird feeders evolved, the glass was replaced with plastic and bright colors were used to attract the hummingbirds. This proved more efficient because hummingbirds are attracted to color rather than scent.
Ease of assembly: how easy is the feeder to take apart and put back together.
Ease of cleaning: you will be cleaning the feeder every four days, so a feeder that is easy to clean is important.
Hummingbird feeders come in two basic forms: the basin feeder and the inverted bottle feeder. The basin type is usually easier to clean and so is very popular.
Other than nectar, hummingbirds like to eat small insects like fruit flies and spiders. Some people like to hang an old banana skin near or above the feeder to attract fruit flies. An old orange or an apple will work just as well. If you are not too keen about having old rotting fruit hanging around your garden, you can just stick with the feeder and the homemade hummingbird nectar.
Hummingbird food is a very basic recipe similar to simple syrup. You may be tempted to use turbinado sugar or brown sugar, but this is never a good sugar to use. These sugars contain too much iron for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 71.5044
Retrieved Text: The males are first to arrive in March, followed a week or so later by the females. Some birds continue north, others spend the breeding season locally. Arrival and departure time across the country corresponds to bloom time and availability of food plants.
Hummingbirds fly close to the ground. As they travel they look for food sources along the way. They need nectar rich plants to fuel their long journey. The blooms in our gardens aid them during their multi-thousand mile migration in early spring and fall.
The tiny birds need nectar and pollen continuously during their summer breeding and nesting season. In particular they need plants with a long bloom season. They consume more than 50% of their body weight daily in sugar. The sugar fuels a wing speed of about 50 flaps per second and a heart rate of nearly 1260 beats per second. However, hummingbirds need protein, too. They get that from pollen and eating small insects, especially fruit flies, spiders, gnats and leafhoppers.
You can attract hummingbirds to your yard with agapanthus, agastache, agave, aquilegia (columbine), buddleia, butterfly weed, Carolina jessamine, cypress vine, kniphofia, lonicera (honeysuckle), monarda, penstemon, salvia, trumpet vine, and yuccaóthey all have brightly colored trumpet-shaped flowers. The birdsí primary response is to bright red and orange trumpet- and tubular-shaped flowers, but they are attracted to vivid pink, purple and yellow blooms, too.
Hummingbirds have memories that allow them to remember sources of nectar from year to year. Be patient. Once a hummingbird discovers your garden or feeder he will remember the location and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 71.45481
Retrieved Text: Very reflective morning spent in the backyard watching the hummingbirds, the bees and the birds feed off the blooms of the flowers against the south wall.
I am not sure how all this works, but these hummingbirds, bees and birds are enjoying the nectar of the flowers and somehow pollen gets all over the hummingbirds, bees and birds.
Along the way, the pollen on these hummingbirds, bees and birds “cross pollinate” onto other plants and flowers, providing much needed nourishment, allowing those other plants and flowers to grown and flourish.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 71.15966
Retrieved Text: Hummingbirds are some of the smallest bird species. With most species of hummingbird measuring 7.5–13 cm in length. Indeed, the smallest extant bird species is a hummingbird, the 5 cm bee hummingbird weighing less than 2.0 g. Hummingbirds lifespan is approximately 3-5 years. But don't take these little flying beauties lightly as the top speeds of 79km/h diving. They are the only birds in the world that are able to fly backwards. Because of these characteristics, hummingbirds are among the most sought-after creatures of bird watchers everywhere.
In order to spend hours watching this delightful little bird, you would have to be able to make it stay in the same place for a long time. You can do this by creating a hummingbird house in your own backyard. This is a bird house specifically designed for the unusual hummingbird species.
You do not need to spend a lot to put up hummingbird houses. You can even make them yourself. Hummingbird houses are small, so you can use small boxes or even tin cans for this. When building hummingbird houses, just remember that if your open hand can fit in the box, then it is big enough for the hummingbird.
The best way to attract hummingbirds, though, is to place your hummingbird houses near flowering plants. Hummingbirds like hovering near flowers because they feed on the nectar of the flower. These birds are most attracted to colorful flowers like the trumpet vine and honeysuckle.
Your hummingbird house will also be more attractive to the tiny critters if you put hummingbird nectar

########
Rank: 21
Score: 70.99562
Retrieved Text: Would you like to attract the most beloved bird to your yard? While many of us enjoy many species of birds, by far, the hummingbird is the most popular bird of all. Of the 328 hummingbird species presently recognized, the ruby-throated hummingbird is the only widespread hummer in the eastern United States. Only male ruby-throated hummingbirds have the red throat that their name implies. Females, though similar to the males, have white throats; thus, making them easily distinguishable. However, it should be noted, that young male hummingbirds will masquerade as female hummers until their first winter, when their adult plumage comes in. Who knew this tiny bird (measuring 3” from tip of beak to tail) was so complicated?
Gardening for hummingbirds, on the other hand, isn’t complicated at all. Hummingbirds love plants with long, tubular red and orange flowers (the firecracker plant and trumpet vine are two good examples). Though, they are attracted to many different types of blooms. With a little planning and work, a hummingbird garden can attract the hummingbirds you want and be pleasing to the human eye at the same time. Below are plans for a 2’ x 4’HummingbirdSunGarden, which will bloom spring through fall until the first frost.If you are looking to create something a little larger, maybe consider a hummingbird habitat that incorporates trees and shrubs as well. Just important as nectar-producing plants and shelter, properly maintained feeders and a water feature (such as a mister) are welcome additions to any hummingbird habitat. Furthermore, attracting insects and spiders to your habitat

########
Rank: 22
Score: 70.4643
Retrieved Text: hummingbirds aren’t merely beautiful jewel-like creatures we crane our necks to see – they spread life! Like butterflies, bees and beetles, they are pollinators.
this is no small matter. consider: pollinators make possible the fruits and vegetables we eat, the cotton we grow for our clothes and the ground cover plants that hold our homes together by preventing erosion. they bring life to all the flowers, trees and plants in forests, grasslands and jungles – those vast ecosystems that provide habitat for animals and humans alike, and produce life-giving oxygen for the planet.
a single hummingbird – a tiny creature weighing slightly more than a penny – can visit a single flower in less than a second. In just 15 minutes that can add up to 200 blooms.
for millennia, hummingbird feathers have been used in love charms to open the heart. because an open and loving heart is necessary to taste all the nectar of life, hummingbirds are believed to conjure love like no other.
people who feel a special connection to hummingbirds love life in all its forms. they are loved themselves for bringing joy merely through their presence. they know instinctively where beauty abides and move comfortably within a beautiful environment, helping others to also taste the succulent nectar of life!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 69.96238
Retrieved Text: Enjoy watching butterflies and hummingbirds flit from flower to flower all summer long with this hummingbird attracting collection for the west. Best suited for growing conditions with western soils and full sun. 9 plants in 5" pots.
This Hummingbird and Butterfly Attracting Collection for the west will provide ample nectar to draw butterflies hummingbirds to your garden all season. These plants are perfectly suited for gardens with alkaline western soils. 9 plants (3 of each): Agastache rupestris, Penstemon barbatus Red Riding Hood, Ascelpias tuberosa Western Gold Mix. We reserve the right to substitute a plant with similar attributes.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 69.892555
Retrieved Text: Butterflies, hummingbirds, other birds, and a number of species of bees are found on our gardens.
Host plants are plants that the butterfly lays the eggs on and the caterpillar feeds upon. Nectar plants are for the adults to feed on. Nectar is provided by the flowers. Many butterflies are host specific. Monarchs, for example, need milkweed for a host plant and zebra swallowtail butterflies need paw-paw to lay eggs.
The Pearson Plaza Butterfly Garden is a certified Monarch Waystation, and students, staff, and faculty participate in collecting data on the Great Monarch Migration. Many of the plants in this garden have been chosen because they are either host plants, nectar plants, or both.
The following is more detailed information about these plants, including their scientific name, cultivar(s), the pollinators(s) that are primarily attracted to each plant, and some information about the conditions the plants need to thrive.
Notes: This shrub has showy fruit, and will attract birds and butterflies. This is a host plant for Baltimore checkerspot, spring azure, Henry's elfin butterflies and hummingbird moths.
Notes: This plant is great if you don't want to put too much effort into your garden, and will attract hummingbirds, as well as butterflies. Although not the plant on which females lay their eggs, half-grown Baltimore checkerspot caterpillars often seek Penstemon as a food source.
Notes: As the name would suggest, beebalm is wildly popular for many types of bees.
Notes: As the cultivar name would suggest, this plant attracts many types of butterflies.
Notes: This plant tolerates clay and drought. This plant is great for attracting

########
Rank: 25
Score: 69.79183
Retrieved Text: Erica's Original Notes: It should be understood that pollination is NOT necessarily fertilization; however, it is a miracle how the pollen grain finds the unfertilized ovule; in corn it is 18 inches from the end of the silk to the ovule, and that journey is accomplished within a few hours!
Nectaries: sometimes on their own; those of hellebores are really modified petals, and the ones found in fritillarias look like tear drops at the base of the petals.
Tricks: played by flowers in order to get the insects, birds and animals to transport their pollen to another flower in the same family. They sometimes imitate insects to act as a decoy, as in orchids which mimic the female fly. It is all an amazing adaptation when you realize that plants were on earth before the insects!
Robbers: birds and insects which try to steal the nectar by piercing holes in the calyx, so that is the reason for hard or swollen calyces. Teasels protect their nectaries from robber ants by water held in leaf cups.
Cross-pollination: promoted by the varying heights of stigmas and anthers; self-pollination is a last resort, as cross-pollination improves adaptation to environment by increasing genetic diversity.
Signs of fertilization: given by some flowers so as to save insects an unnecessary flower-call! The colour usually changes due to oxidation of pigment; trillium turns pink; peyote cactus closes after five seconds, Magnolia virginianum is brown within half an hour; speedwell goes from blue to purple; milkwort gets a redflush; and the erythronium stem becomes erect, while others give off

########
Rank: 26
Score: 69.67124
Retrieved Text: This female ruby-throated hummingbird hovers at vibrant red beebalm flowers in a garden but also takes nectar from wildflowers such as red cardinal flower and orange spotted jewelweed. Only the male has the characteristic red throat.
Among the many birds that summer in Westborough are tiny ruby-throated hummingbirds, the only hummingbirds that are common in the eastern United States.
Hummingbirds are the smallest birds. The ruby-throated hummingbird (Archilochus colubris) has a wing span of only 4-1/2 inches. It weighs about as much as a penny or a couple of paper clips. Ruby-throated hummingbirds are iridescent green, and males have a vivid red patch on their throats.
In spite of their diminutive size, most of these little ruby-throated hummingbirds migrate to Mexico, Central America, or South America for the winter and return in the spring. They typically make nonstop 600-mile flights across the Gulf of Mexico, burning up fat their bodies have stored. They build up fat reserves before the journey, often doubling their weight.
Probably the easiest place to spot a ruby-throated hummingbird is in a sunny garden full of vibrant flowers such as beebalm (Monarda didyma), butterfly bush (Buddleja davidii) or fuchsia (Fuchsia). Another likely place would be a bright red hummingbird feeder containing sugar water.
Hummingbirds are also attracted to native wildflowers such as red cardinal flowers (Lobelia cardinalis) and orange spotted jewelweed (Impatiens capensis). Both are in bloom at this time of year in Westborough. The birds often nest near streams, ponds, or swamps--places where these flowers grow.
If you watch a ruby-throated hummingbird, you'll undoubtedly notice how fast

########
Rank: 27
Score: 68.878426
Retrieved Text: (1) When taking nectar, hummingbirds contacted anthers , receiving pollen on their bill.(2) For estimation of pollen production, two anthers from each flower bud were examined.(3) There are usually about 20 stamens, with anthers that range from pink to burgundy in color.(4) Fresh pollen was collected from anthers on plants by gently tapping the stems of plants while holding a collecting tray below the tassels.(5) They eat exposed pollen on the anthers , while other pollen grains adhere to their legs.
Meaning and definitions of anther, translation in Welsh language for anther with similar and opposite words. Also find spoken pronunciation of anther in Welsh and in English language.
Tags for the entry "anther"
What anther means in Welsh, anther meaning in Welsh, anther definition, examples and pronunciation of anther in Welsh language.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 68.204865
Retrieved Text: Manfred Kusch’s garden is loud, in an idyllic sort of way. Birds tweet and flit, bees buzz, and the air hums with the wings of one of America’s most beloved creatures: the hummingbird.
California fuchsia is a magnet for hummingbirds.
We asked UC Davis Arboretum director of public horticulture Ellen Zagory for the best, drought-tolerant plants that attract hummingbirds. Look for these plants on her list at the Arboretum Plant Sale on Saturday, April 25.
Tubular red-orange flowers hold lots of nectar in summer and fall. Varieties range from silvery 3-foot tall ones to dwarf, dark-green foliage ones. Its flowers are a magnet for hummingbirds. The plant spread underground and is best kept in full sun with only a few summer irrigations.
Long stalks of coral pink flowers arch out from this fibrous-leaved, spiky plant in spring and summer. With attractive curling hairs on the leaf edges, it’s good as an accent plant and is tough enough to take lots of sun and little water.
This is a native shrub found in the Vaca Mountains by Davis. It blooms in winter and very early spring with dangling clusters of pink flowers that provide an important food source for our local Anna's hummingbird that overwinters here. It performs best when shaded from hot afternoon summer sun.
Red and orange flowered aloe species like Aloe X spinosissima and Aloe striata and aloe hybrids provide a banquet of nectar for hummingbirds in March and April. Plant in front of a window, and you will be sure to see hummingbirds hovering and feeding on its nectar,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 68.1855
Retrieved Text: Attracting Birds to your garden!
I enjoy sitting on my patio watching a listening to the multitude of birds and butterflies that visit my garden. The best way to do this is with a variety of plants. Here are just a few that will attract birds and butterflies to your home!
Trees provide shelter as well as food sources for the birds.
Quercus, the Oak trees, provide nice cavity nest sites for many birds. When the acorns develop they also provide a food source for several species of birds, like the Downy woodpecker.
The fruit of the dogwood species, Cornus, is loved by Titmice, Cardinals and Blue birds to name a few. It also is a quick growing shrub that would easily provide screening for you and shelter for birds.
Serviceberry or Amelanchiers are one of the first tree species to bloom in the spring.; providing a nectar source for the early butterflies. But that’s not all, in mid June the trees are filled with luscious fruit favored by many birds. You’ll see Robins and Cedar waxwings gobbling them up!
Flowering perennials are your source for nectar lovers like Hummingbirds and butterflies.
Echinacea, Coneflower, provides nectar for butterflies and is a great seed source in fall/winter for Goldfinches and other songbirds.
Asclepias isn’t called Butterfly weed for nothing! Butterflies, particulary the Monarch love Asclepias. It is a host plant for the Monarch’s caterpillars. Birds will also use the soft downy feathers as nesting material.
Monarda, Bee balm attracts Hummingbirds and butterflies. This plant is super easy to grow!
Solidago or Golden rod is a fall bloomer.

================



======= Instance Index 285 =========
Input Text: Decomposition occurs when a decomposer recycles nutrients from dead organisms back to the soil by eating them; what is an example of this?

Which is the correct answer?
- flies laying eggs on a body
- worms devouring a corpse
- wet leaves denigrating in a pile
- slugs digging through mulch

Target Text: worms devouring a corpse

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 77.088646
Retrieved Text: In most terrestrial ecosystems the bulk of nutrient cycling occurs in the topmost layers of soil. The main sources of the nutrient inputs to these soil layers comes from weathering, rainfall, fertilizers, atmospheric fallout, and organisms. Organism add nutrient matter via excreted wastes, shed tissues, and from the decomposition of their tissues when they die. Under most conditions, plants are the greatest single source of nutrients to soils. Plants not only supply nutrients released by organic decomposition of shed tissues and dead body parts, but also substances carried in from the plant leaves when water flows over them (foliar leaching). Losses or outputs of nutrients within ecosystems are by leaching, erosion, gaseous loss (like denitrification), and plant root uptake for growth purposes. Within the soil, nutrients are found attached to the surface of soil particles by chemical bonds, stored within the chemical structure of dead organic matter, or in chemical compounds.
Organic matter decomposition is the main process that recycles nutrients back into the soil. Decomposition of organic matter begins with large soil organisms like earthworms, arthropods (ants, beetles, and termites), and gastropods (slugs and snails). These organisms breakdown the organic matter into smaller pieces which can be decomposed by smaller organisms like fungi and heterotrophic bacteria (Figure 9q-1).
Figure 9q-1: Fungi play an important role in the decomposition process converting organic matter back into basic inorganic chemicals.
Decomposition of organic matter may take several months to several years to complete. In tropical regions, the whole process is quite quick because moist conditions and high temperatures enhance the rate

########
Rank: 1
Score: 55.59324
Retrieved Text: 17/08/2016�� Learn about four types of decomposers,worms,bacteria,fungi, and some insects. Decomposers are important because they recycle important nutrients back into the environment.... Worms are not essential to the waste material decomposing, but worms are good because not only do they decompose waste but they leave mucus in the compost which is proving beneficial to soil fertility. So if you have worms in your compost do not worry, if you have none do not worry either!
17/08/2016�� Learn about four types of decomposers,worms,bacteria,fungi, and some insects. Decomposers are important because they recycle important nutrients back into the environment. how to become happy again after divorce 8/01/2019�� OBSERVE Are sea worms decomposers? LIST OF RELATED VIDEOS OF Are sea worms decomposers? Are semesters capitalized? Are Seraphim Archangels? Are serums necessary?
The main decomposers in the environment include bacteria, fungi and worms. Each of these plays a different, but overlapping, role in decomposition. Each of these plays a � how to create https website in php A decomposer is an organism that breaks down dead plant or animal matter. This may arouse the yuk response in many readers, but the fact is that ecosystems could not function without decomposers.
Decomposers (fungi, bacteria, invertebrates such as worms and insects) have the ability to break down dead organisms into smaller particles and create new compounds. We use decomposers to restore the natural nutrient cycle through controlled composting.
Facts about Decomposers 7: the primary decomposers in the forest Due to the characteristics of fungi, the organisms are considered as the main decomposers for the larger pieces

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.724182
Retrieved Text: Look for animals outside, or in soil brought into the classroom. Discuss the role of decomposers in the food chain. Then look closely at red wiggler worms, or other small garden worms, before using them to start an indoor worm compost bin.
Either start the lesson with a walk outside to find worms and other animals in the soil: decomposer hunt activity.
Or look for animals in soil brought into the classroom: soil habitat study activity.
Discuss how these decomposers are critical to the food chain, as they eat dead plant and animal matter and turn them into rich soil, containing simpler nutrients to be used by plants and other organisms.
Then look at one of these decomposers, worms, more closely: Observe worms closely (including any found outdoors).
End by setting up a habitat for decomposers in the classroom:Set up worm bin. Optional: add other decomposers, e.g. wood bugs, to it.
Optional: visit school compost bin outside.
At the New York After School Program (The School at Columbia), students just looked into an already established worm compost rather than building their own. They looked at worms closely, then fed the worms in the compost bin.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 49.64662
Retrieved Text: improves agrochemical and physical indicators of the soil.
row fertilization is carried out with a working solution of the biopreparation during sowing; the minimum temperature of the biopreparation application is 10 °C; the maximum temperature is 30 °C.
Simultaneously with treatment of seeds with the biopreparation Bioinoculant-BTU-r, you can use low-toxic protectants permitted for application to legumes.
Bioinoculant-BTU-r can be used with other biopreparations, bioadhesives and micronutrients.
It is possible to treat seeds with highly toxic seed protectants in 5-7 days before inoculation in integrated farming. In this case, the application rate of the bioinoculant should be increased by 30-50%!
macro- and micronutrients, bacteria biologically active metabolites (vitamins, heteroauxin, gibberellins, etc.).
Store in a sealed package, in a dark place.
6 months at 4 °C to 10 °C or 3 months at 10 °C to 15 °C.
The return of plant residues to soil is of great importance as it is the main source of organic carbon for soil biota and subsequent crop rotations. In this process, one of the strategic areas of modern agriculture development is the use of biological products, which allows recovering natural resources. Preparations of microbial decomposers play an important role among such products. Such microbial agents are environmentally safe. Microorganisms included in the composition of biocomplexes are symbiotic, they not only enhance nitrogen nutrition of plants, but also increase the amount of mobile phosphorus and potassium forms, activate the mineralization of hard-to-reach phosphates and other soil minerals.
Due to decomposers, the rate of soils degradation decreases, the mass of soil microflora increases to 3-5 t/ha, thus maintaining the soil biological

########
Rank: 4
Score: 49.2786
Retrieved Text: A rich compost will not only increase the flavour of your produce, but also the quality. This guide from Paul West will show you how to turn your fish waste into a lush nutrient-rich compost in no time, through hot composting.
One of the bonuses of using hot composting is that the high temperatures reached in the process will kill any diseases or pathogens in your waste. Paul is keen to use fish waste as the nitrogen source, and weeds and cut hay as the carbon source, when he makes hot compost.
Aerobic, or 'hot' composting is the conversion of organic matter into humus. Garbage such as fish parts (the nitrogen) is mixed with plant waste (the carbon) including sawdust, peat, wood chips, leaves, branches or bark.
Microorganisms in the pile feed on the waste and over a period of several months convert it into a rich humus. In the process, the microorganisms called thermophilles generate a great deal of heat, which pasteurises the product- eliminating odour and destroying weed seeds and disease organisms.
Thermophiles are heat loving, with an optimum growth temperature of 50 degrees celsius or more, a maximum of up to 70 degrees celsius or more, and a minimum of about 20 degrees celsius.
The resultant product usually is used as a soil amendment or soil enhancer.
Microorganisms such as bacteria, fungi, and actinomycetes account for most of the decomposition that takes place in a pile. Of all these organisms, aerobic bacteria are the most important decomposers. They are very abundant; there may be millions in a gram of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 48.055496
Retrieved Text: Department of Biology, University of Copenhagen, 1165 København, DENMARK.
Global change is expected to increasingly affect composition and functioning of soil communities. In terrestrial ecosystems, the plant-soil interactions will be of particular importance for the ecosystem response, including feed-back responses that may further increase climate change. The aim of this dissertation has been to determine how soil food web structure and function is affected when the quantity and quality of plant input is altered under global change.
By studying the abundance and composition of soil organisms, particularly those in the rhizosphere, closely associated with living plants, we are able to determine effects of global change on the plant-soil system. By extraction and microscopy of nematode communities, we are able to characterize the trophic structure of a significant part of the rhizosphere community. The work compiled for this dissertation is based on field experiments in temperate heathland and grassland. This includes characterization of a decomposer system under global change as defined by the plants present (Paper I), understanding the mechanism shaping the system response by manipulating input from living plants (Paper II) or by manipulating plant input by burning (Paper III). Furthermore, by way of meta-analysis, the role of organisms in global change effects on ecosystem function is modelled (Paper IV).
Among CO2, warming and summer drought, CO2 is the factor most consistently impacting soil organisms. CO2 increases abundance of microorganisms and nematodes, and increase flow through the fungal decomposition pathway, most likely due to an increase of plant resources allocated belowground and an increased C:N ratio of the plant

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.798397
Retrieved Text: The addition of nitrogen via deposition alters the carbon balance of temperate forest ecosystems by affecting both production and decomposition rates. The effects of 20 years of nitrogen (N) and phosphorus and potassium (PK) additions were studied in a 40-year-old pine stand in northern Sweden. Carbon fluxes of the forest floor were reconstructed using a combination of data on soil 14C, tree growth, and litter decomposition. N-only additions caused an increase in needle litterfall, whereas both N and PK additions reduced long-term decomposition rates. Soil respiration measurements showed a 40% reduction in soil respiration for treated compared to control plots. The average age of forest floor carbon was 17 years. Predictions of future soil carbon storage indicate an increase of around 100% in the next 100 years for the N plots and 200% for the NPK plots. As much as 70% of the increase in soil carbon was attributed to the decreased decomposition rate, whereas only 20% was attributable to increased litter production. A reduction in decomposition was observed at a rate of N addition of 30 kg C ha−1 y−1, which is not an uncommon rate of N deposition in central Europe. A model based on the continuous-quality decomposition theory was applied to interpret decomposer and substrate parameters. The most likely explanations for the decreased decomposition rate were a fertilizer-induced increase in decomposer efficiency (production-to-assimilation ratio), a more rapid rate of decrease in litter quality, and a decrease in decomposer basic growth rate.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.633625
Retrieved Text: Spray irrigation of wastewater should not be confused with farm irrigation. Water can be purified either as it flows overland or as it percolates through the soil. Purification, in either case, occurs biologically and depends on the biota and organic litter on and in the soil. Pure sand, without organic debris, provides only mechanical filtration without reducing the soluble organic matter.
Most spray irrigation systems rely on water percolating through the soil and flowing away from the irrigation area by an underground route. Ordinarily, this underground flow is natural drainage, but it can also be enhanced by artificial drainage. When hydrological characteristics limit the lateral movement of underground water, wastewater treatment facilities can substitute an overland flow technique.
The grasses planted on the treatment field are multifunctional; they protect the soil surface from erosion and compaction and retard the flow of water across the slope in overland flow systems. They also provide a protective habitat for microorganisms and a vast surface area for adsorption, mass biological activity, and treatment of the impurities in the water. When the grass is cut for hay, it is a valuable crop that can effectively reclaim the plant nutrients released to the soil during decomposition of the organic waste material. Almost any species of grass is satisfactory provided that it produces abundantly, is water tolerant, and forms a turf.
FIG. 7.52.1 Population succession cycle.
crobial populations in the disposal field, although specific for the plant effluent, comprise a highly complex community.
Organisms use the organic waste products from both carbohydrates and proteinaceous matter as nutrients. The

########
Rank: 8
Score: 45.88901
Retrieved Text: What is the definition of soil?
Soil isn’t dirt. Instead, soil is a living, dynamic ecosystem that nurtures healthy plants.
When you break down soil, it consists of three key components: mineral particles, organic matter and living things.
Mineral particles can be broken down into three categories based on particle size. Sand is the largest particle at a diameter of .05 to 2.0 mm. Silt is the next largest particle size at .002 to .05 mm. Clay is the smallest at .002 mm.
Often, soil terms like clay-based or sandy soils are utilized to describe soil type. This reflects the soil’s texture, which relates back to the mineral particles found in your soil.
Soil organic matter (SOM) is made from carbon and once-living plants that are broken down by soil organisms like bacteria, fungi and earthworms. Soil organisms utilize SOM as food, and when digested, exude nutrients and humus. Once SOM has been efficiently broken down, SOM becomes humus.
Increased SOM in soil promotes improved soil structure, biological activity and an increased ability to hold and release nutrients and water in the soil.
Living organisms include bacteria, fungi, protozoa, nematodes, arthropods and earthworms. Together, they promote the decomposition of soil organic matter, release nutrients to the plant, create pores that lead to improved soil structure and stabilize soils.
Check out the video below showing soil microorganisms under a microscope.
Just like animals and plants, soils are classified in a system known as Soil Taxonomy. There are 12 orders of soil that can then be broken down to soil series. There are 23,000 soil series in

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.333385
Retrieved Text: The Ethylene-Oxygen Cycle by Dr Alan Smith provides vital information and insights into how we care for the soil, our most precious resource. Just as relevent now as when it was first presented, this work is covered in the Living Soil module of my permaculture courses. It is republished here in response to requests from my students, and for the benefit of gardeners, farmers and all concerned with healthy soil and sustainable food production.
No-dig gardeners and no-tillage farmers realise that healthy plants and good yields can be obtained on a sustained basis from undisturbed soils, nevertheless, for many lingering doubts remain. Doesn’t soil need to be periodically aerated to stimulate microbial activity and liberate nutrients to plants?
Soil scientist Alan Smith has been a principal research scientist for the New South Wales Department of Agriculture. PIJ put the question to him, his reply, and the article which follows contained some real surprises! “I can understand your confusion when trying to interpret the claims and counterclaims made regarding the value of ‘aerating’ soil. Obviously, I am a non-believer in the value of aeration, at least in Australian conditions. One thing that we must always be wary about are treatments that may give initial, short-term gains but lead to long-term problems. I believe the ‘aeration’ theory is such a treatment.
There is no doubt that ploughing soil does initially increase aeration and does result in intimate contact between the mineral soil and any organic residues. This stimulates microbial activity and nutrients immobilised in the organic reserves are liberated rapidly into

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.217808
Retrieved Text: In nature when animals excrete or a tree branch falls, a natural process of material recovery takes place: A multitude of beneficial micro-organisms present in the environment jump on the precious matter and start recycling it. That transformation process gives back to the soil the nutrients needed for the next plants to grow. This phenomenon is called decomposition or composting. It’s a wonderful and efficient system!
These beneficial organisms in the soil are of the aerobic category, which means that they need an environment with oxygen to thrive and do their important work. When excrement and organic wastes pile up or are flooded with water where there is little to no oxygen, these beneficial micro-organisms either die or cannot reproduce and work. In come the anaerobic micro-organisms (those which live without oxygen). Unfortunately, they are usually pathogenic-disease microbes, like E. Coli and salmonella, causing the broken down nutrients to be isolated and non-linked with other elements in the matter. This process is called rotting. The non-linked, isolated, fertilizing nutrients usually smell bad as the nitrogen-ammonia and sulfur compounds are released into the air and, with the help of rain, are washed down below root level into the water table. The anaerobic/non-oxygenated process, still very widespread, is wasteful of a great potential fertilizer, and is a major cause of environmental pollution!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.13166
Retrieved Text: Composting is good for the earth and relatively easy even for a novice. However, soil temperature, moisture levels and careful balance of items in the compost are necessary for successful break down. White fungus in compost bins is a common sight when actinomycetes are present.
What is actinomycetes? This is a fungus-like bacterium, which works as a decomposer, breaking apart plant tissue. The presence of fungi in composting can be a bad thing and indicate improper balance of bacterial agents but actinomycetes in manure compost and other organic material indicates successful decomposition of tough fibrous items.
Fungi are important components of breaking down compost, combined with bacteria, microorganisms and actinomycetes. The fine white filaments that resemble spider webs in organic piles are beneficial organisms that look like fungi but are actually bacteria. The enzymes they release break down items such as cellulose, bark and woody stems, items that are harder for bacteria to manage. It is important to encourage the growth of this bacterium for a healthy compost heap that breaks down quickly to deep rich soil.
Actinomycetes are naturally occurring bacterium found in soil. The majority of these bacteria thrive in the hot stages of composting but some are only thermo tolerant and lurk around the cooler edges of your pile. These bacteria lack nuclei but grow multicellular filaments just like fungi. The appearance of the filaments is a bonus for better decomposition and a well-balanced compost situation.
Most actinomycetes require oxygen to survive, making it especially important to turn and aerate the pile regularly. Actinomycetes are slower in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.605774
Retrieved Text: The rainforest biome is typically found between the Tropics of Cancer and Capricorn. The equatorial tropical rainforest is found within 5 degrees north and south of the equator. 200 years ago tropical rainforests covered 10% of the Earth’s surface. This has declined to approximately 5% coverage today. However, around 50% of all living organisms on Earth are found here.
The equatorial rainforest supports the greatest biodiversity (number and types of living organisms in an area) on Earth. This is the result of abundant moisture and sunlight. Average daily temperatures are around 28ºc with a low diurnal (variation in temperature that occurs from the highs and lows during the day) temperature range. Temperatures rarely fall below 22ºc and cloud cover restricts temperatures to 32ºc during the day (as the result of cloud cover caused by high levels of evapotranspiration). Rainfall levels are high throughout the year as the result of the inter-tropical convergence zone (ITCZ). Convectional rainfall results in annual rainfall levels of around 2000mm. Storms typically occur during the late afternoon as the result of intense heating during the day. Both high levels of rainfall and temperatures contribute to a year-round growing season. High levels of evapotranspiration create an incredibly humid environment.
Figure 2. shows the stratification of vegetation in the tropical equatorial climate. The constant fight for sunlight, which is needed for photosynthesis, causes these distinct layers.
This video on rainforest structure by BBC Class Clips provides a very good overview of the layers of the tropical rainforest.
Below is a summary of the features of each layer.
Conditions –

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.49182
Retrieved Text: This article is part of a series entitled Soils and Fertilizers for Master Gardeners. The rest of the series can be found at http://edis.ifas.ufl.edu/topic_series_soils_and_fertilizers_for_master_gardeners. A glossary can also be found at http://edis.ifas.ufl.edu/MG457.
Organic matter normally occupies the smallest portion of the soil physical makeup (approximately 5% of total soil volume on average, and usually 1 to 3% for Florida's sandy soils) but is the most dynamic soil component (Figure 1). The primary sources of soil organic matter are plant and animal residues. Soil organic matter is important for maintaining good soil structure, which enhances the movement of air and water in soil. Organic matter also plays an important role in nutrient cycling. This publication is designed to educate homeowners about the importance of soil organic matter and provide suggestions about how to build the organic matter in garden and landscape soils.
What is the composition of soil organic matter?
Soil organic matter contains (i) living biomass: plant, animal tissues, and microorganisms; (ii) dead tissues: partly decomposed materials; and (iii) non-living materials: stable portion formed from decomposed materials, also known as humus. Soil organic matter typically contains about 50% carbon. The remainder of soil organic matter consists of about 40% oxygen, 5% hydrogen, 4% nitrogen, and 1% sulfur.
The amount of organic matter in soils varies widely, from 1 to 10% (total dry weight) in most soils to more than 90% in organic (muck) soils. The amount of organic matter depends upon the inputs of plant residues, animal manure, composts, and other organic materials. Biological processes, including plant growth and microbial

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.18542
Retrieved Text: Microbes are ubiquitous and diverse, yet microbial communities exhibit repeatable patterns across many ecosystems and sample types. It is likely that some aspects of microbial ecology may be useful as forensic tools. For example, we know that microbes play an important role in decomposition of cadavers and we are exploring the use of microbial succession during decomposition to estimate the time since death and as an indicator for locating unknown (clandestine) graves. Additionally, we are exploring the potential use of relationships between the bacteria of the built environment (e.g. Sloan House Project above) and the bacteria of their occupants for use as trace evidence.
We are currently working on characterizing microbial community changes associated with decomposing corpses (contact: Jessica Metcalf). In conjunction with a number of forensics collaborators and under the auspices of a grant from the National Institutes of Justice, we are using a mouse model system in a controlled laboratory system to understand how bacterial and microbial eukaryotic communities change during decomposition and whether it is repeatable across many replicates. Our goals are to 1) determine whether bacterial and microbial eukaryotic, in particular fungal, decomposer communities change in a predictable manner as corpse decomposition proceeds 2) determine whether decomposer communities change the endogenous soil community in detectable ways and therefore may be useful for locating graves of unknown location and 3) determine whether decomposer communities are universal or source-specific by characterizing variation in these communities across soil types. Recently, we determined that postmortem microbial community changes are dramatic, measurable, and repeatable in a mouse model

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.76767
Retrieved Text: Human well-being depends on the services and assets that nature provides for free, everyday and everywhere.
The term ‘natural capital’ refers to the land, air, water, living organisms and all formations of the Earth's biosphere that provide us with ecosystem goods and services essential to our survival and well-being. These include the services that nature provides free of charge, including supporting services such as soil formation, maintenance of soil health and fertility, natural pest control, pollination, nutrient cycling, and a stable climate; provisioning services such as food, clean air and water, fuel and fiber; regulating services such as prevention of soil erosion and flood control; and cultural services, which include recreation, spiritual value and a sense of place, among many, many others.
NATURAL CAPITAL IN THE NATIONAL CAPITAL – WHY SHOULD I CARE?
We are increasingly recognizing that healthy natural systems perform a series of vital functions on which our lives depend.
One of the most critical services is watershed protection. Intact watersheds play a pivotal role in providing us with clean drinking water by filtering sediments and pollutants. They also play an essential role in storm protection through managing floods and storing water. These are key functions upon which our communities depend.
Forests, too, provide us with vital ecological services, including storing carbon in trees, vegetation and soils. This process of carbon sequestration is a critical component of the global carbon cycle that regulates the earth’s climate. This particular service is likely to become increasingly important as the world strives to address the challenges of climate change.
Soil is yet another

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.544975
Retrieved Text: Organic matter is composed of the remains of animals and plants and the waste products the organisms leave in the environment. Unlike organic material, organic matter has decomposed to the point that it is resistant to decomposition. This matter is decomposed into a humus that has been converted by microorganisms.
Organic material is unstable in the soil as a result of its decomposition. Organic matter is in a state that is resistant to decomposition, which is useful to soil. This type of matter is important for water retention in soil, facilitating drainage and supplying nutrients. Organic matter is food for plants that offers a more robust mixture than organic material.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.51994
Retrieved Text: God made dirt, and dirt don't hurt!
Did you know that soil needs nutrients to properly feed growing plants?
Imagine with me - if you will - bringing home a brand new puppy. Puppies need a lot of different, essential nutrients to grow into healthy dogs, but you can't feed the puppy a steady diet of vitamins. You need to supplement the vitamins with puppy food, water, bedding, baths, adequate play time, and lots of love.
Similar principals go into keeping your soil healthy and productive. Vitamins and essential nutrients are all well and good, but healthy soil also contains wriggly critters and micro-organisms to help break up organic matter, furrow tunnels (free aeration!), and more complex (science-y) tasks.
Along with letting nature run her course, we are obligated to do our part, too. In order to help our soil do its best to help our plants grow healthy and strong, we need to make sure it retains the wriggly critters and micro-organisms.
When you turn soil on a small or large scale, essential nutrients are rotated to the top layer. Tilling helps to distribute the nutrients, but they are also more susceptible to being washed away by rain, wind, and irrigation systems.
If you find yourself in a situation where you need to till the ground, be sure to introduce nutrients through fertilizer and cover the area affected with a stabilizing force. Ground covering cloths and garden bark are a great way to keep the nutrients right where you want them.
What about the Creepy Crawlies and the Micro-Organisms?
Essentially, they will thrive

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.420235
Retrieved Text: Viruses are considered as being on the border line between living and non-living organisms,Why?
Ans: Viruses is nonliving out side living cells but grows and multiplies inside living cell so,viruses are considered as being on the border line between living and non-living organisms.The study of viruses is called Virology.
Questions: What does Sargasso Sea woe its name to?
Ans: Sargasso Sea woe its name to Sargassum, a particular sea weeds that grow abundantly in sea. Sailor avoids this sea as their boat stuck in the tangled mass of seaweeds.
Questions: What are the difference between the cell of bacteria and the cell of other living body?
Questions: Do red and brown algae have chlorophyll?
Questions: Name a protozoon which can photosynthesize?
Questions: How do bacteria reproduce?
Question: What are antibiotics? What precautions must be taken while taking antibiotics?
Answer: Antibioticsare medicines produced by certain micro­organisms to kill other diseasecausing micro­organisms. These medicines are commonly obtained from bacteria and fungi. Streptomycin, tetracycline, penicillin, etc. are common antibiotics.
(iii) Antibiotics should be taken in the right amount and at the right time. A wrong dose of antibiotics makes the drug ineffective. Also, excessive consumption of drugs may kill the useful bacteria present in our body.
Question: Why do bacteria classified under plants?
Ans: The cell of bacteria is covered by protective layer called cell wall. This is the reason because which bacteria classified under plants.
Sometime bacteria passing through adverse condition, they developed additional protective wall called cyst around them. The process of the formation of cyst is called encystment.
Question: Which protozoan exhibits both characteristics of plants and animals?
Ans: viruses lack

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.131927
Retrieved Text: Fall is a favorite time of year for many. It certainly is for me. The softer light and cooler temperatures, football games, the approach of Thanksgiving – these are just a few of the reasons fall is what I consider the best season. Yet, it’s the falling leaves that I’m most thankful for right about now. I love the vibrant colors as leaves change on the tree, but I really feel the fall thrill once they begin to pile up on the ground.
That might sound strange to you, but let me explain the method behind my fall madness. Sure – raking that blanket of leaves is a chore. There’s no doubt about that. Yet, the task becomes almost a pleasure when you focus on all that those leaves can do to benefit your landscape.
I have lots of trees at the GardenFarm. Even though gathering all those leaves is a big job, I love every minute knowing how much those leaves will benefit my soil.
Consider this: 50-80% of the nutrients trees have extracted from the earth are held in the leaves which, ultimately, fall to the ground. Why let all those nutrients be hauled away to the landfill in plastic bags as waste? Leaves really are a gift to gardeners, so put them right back to work into your landscape.
Every year, I gather up the leaves that blanket my property at the GardenFarm™. I put them to use as mulch. As soon as I’ve spread them over my soil, the magic begins to happen.
Earthworms, beneficial fungi and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.090233
Retrieved Text: Hesi Power Zyme is an enzyme extract for plants that works well with coco, soil and hydroponics gardening.
Made by natural fermentation, this enzyme formula stimulates the root activity and root growth in your plants which accelerates the absorption of nutrients for an overall healthier garden.
It works by activating healthy micro-organisms in the substrate, which, in turn recycles the valuable compounds from root remains for re-absorption.
Power Zyme also increases your plants' resistance to disease!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.770695
Retrieved Text: The fall season is the perfect time to begin composting.Read below for more information on the process and benefits of composting.
Composting is nature’s recycling. Compost is created when organic materials from our homes and gardens such as leaves, grass clippings, garden trimmings, yard prunings, and some kitchen scraps are decomposed by microorganisms and transformed into humus and mulch, which are valuable soil improvers. While decomposition occurs naturally, the process can be sped up and improved for gardening by some simple composting techniques.
Compost happens naturally, but the right bin helps.
Most compost bins are simple holding units which contain the organic materials and can be built in varying sizes of wood, wood and wire, recycled plastic, chicken-wire mesh, snow fencing, or concrete block. Used shipping pallets or an old fence can make a perfectly suitable bin. Another style is a barrel composter, which tumbles the materials rather than requiring forking or turning by hand. Composting larger volumes can be accomplished by using a series of three bins, which allows accumulating materials to be stored and turned on a regular schedule, creating a better product faster.
Virtually anything that has grown in your garden or yard is appropriate, especially leaves and grass. Leave out diseased materials and invasive weeds. Twigs are fine, branches should be chipped. Kitchen scraps such as fruit and vegetable peels, spoiled produce, and coffee grinds (No meat, bones, fat, or dairy) can be added to the center of your compost pile where they will supply valuable nutrients. All organic materials contain nitrogen and carbon, two elements

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.557682
Retrieved Text: This discussion has come up many times on this site on the Soil/Compost and Organic Gardening forums. When is organic matter "compost and when is it humus?
"Humus is the stable, long lasting remnant of decaying organic material. It improves soil structure and increases water retention. It's nutritive qualities include trace elements and several important organic acids but do not include nitrogen or phosphorus"
"Mature compost is still organic matter and can be used when your planting instructions request it. Organic matter that hasn't decayed as far as compost shouldn't normally be used directly on plants because the nutrient balance and pH can get all out of whack as it decays (too much nitrogen in fresh manure, or nitrogen depletion as woodchips decompose) and because it may still contain toxic substances (fungal diseases, weed seeds, or toxic bacteria).
You are right, humus has no nutritive value. It's also impossible to get hold of since it can't be manufactured. It also can't be produced from decaying organic matter in a reasonably pure form on any sensible timescale. Lastly, we don't know exactly what humus is chemically so while you may find stuff sold as "humus" or "humates" or something similar, its buyer beware, you really have no guarantees about what is in the bag.
Humus is good because it has extremely high absorption abilities. It can hold and release water and nutrients as needed. It also improves the physical structure of soil so that it is crumbly and aerated instead of a nasty clay mess or an arid beach."
"A lot of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.454433
Retrieved Text: If you want to produce compost that looks good enough to eat just think – Mmmmm!
If you have followed these principles, the results will be the most amazing material you could hope for to use in your garden. Compost is often referred to as “black gold”.
As mentioned in our definition of composting, decomposition only occurs with the presence of micro-organisms. Micro-organisms are small microscopic creatures that are naturally present in soil. Like most things, there are good micro-organisms and bad micro-organisms. The success of your compost pile depends upon which micro-organisms you have present. The good micro-organisms are called “aerobic” and the bad ones are called “anaerobic”.
That is why it is important to have a compost pile made of different materials that has some bulk to them and that is kept moist. When these conditions are met, the pile will naturally heat up in the centre and that is where organisms will be the most active. When only anaerobic organisms are present, that is when you have a bad odour.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.4465
Retrieved Text: starts from the ground up.
Backyard Composting lets us recycle just like nature does. In nature, nothing is wasted or thrown away. Instead, insects, worms and microorganisms decompose dead plants and animals, returning valuable nutrients back to the earth and allowing other plants to grow.
There are many types and sizes of compost bins. How much organic waste do you have? How much effort you are willing to put into maintaining the bin? How quickly do you want a finished product?
Build your own – see our compost bin plans.
Buy a bin – visit your local hardware or gardening store.
Check to see if your municipality offers bins through MMSB’s Backyard Compost Bin Distribution Program.
Indoors: You can store kitchen waste under the sink or on the counter in a small, covered container. Purchase a compost container at your local hardware store or reuse an empty salt beef bucket or ice cream container.
The amount of organics you add to your container will determine how often it needs to be emptied. Usually once or twice a week is sufficient.
Adding the proper materials and emptying your indoor container regularly will eliminate odors.
Rinse your indoor container each time it’s emptied or line it with newspapers to avoid rinsing. The newspaper lining can be thrown in the compost bin with the rest of your organic waste.
Outdoors: Place your bin in a sunny area where it will absorb and retain as much heat as possible. Don’t forget to choose a location that is both convenient and accessible all year round and has good drainage. This will

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.361298
Retrieved Text: Provide an example of an ecosystem evolving in a manner that preserves or recycles nutrients.
In tropical environments with stable geological topography, there is very little phosphorus in the soil. This is due to the age and stability of the soil. The soil itself is so old that the clays in it have broken down. Because rain is the only input of water, there is no opportunity for the addition of new minerals. The phosphorus necessary to sustain the ecosystem is stored in the vegetation, and is retained phosphorus during growth. When those plants die, the return the phosphorus to the ecosystem in the form of plant litter detritus, and is quickly taken back up into other organisms in the system. The other organisms in the environment have evolved to pull the phosphorus directly out of the litter instead of the soil.
How is it that a nutrient like nitrogen, which is typically qualified as limiting, is present in such excess in many locations?
Nitrogen is historically not easily obtained in natural systems. It exists primarily as N2 gas in the atmosphere and plants are not able to obtain this form directly. Most plants rely on other organisms to fix nitrogen into usable forms like NH4+ and NO3- which they are able to use. This means that the plants are dependent primarily on microorganisms in the soil or in their root structures thus their growth is limited by the productivity of the microorganisms.
Humans have changed this case in three ways. Humans cultivate a variety of plants such as legumes

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.186726
Retrieved Text: This lesson plan on building a food chain is an excellent way for students to learn the basic components of a food chain. Students will also become familiar with basic vocabulary associated with food chains.
Before you teach this lesson, make the cards for the activity. You can find and print pictures of examples of producers, consumers, and decomposers and glue them to the index cards. If you cannot do that, you can use a marker to write the name of a producer, consumer, or decomposer on the card. Be sure to include first, second, and third order consumers. You could also draw a simple picture on the card. Make enough cards so that every student gets one. You will have to make several different food chains depending on the size of your class.
Talk to students about what they eat. Ask students if they know where it comes from. Talk about what an animal in the wild might eat.
Read about food chains from your science textbook or from What are Food Chains and Webs? Talk about what a producer, consumer, and a decomposer are. Briefly explain that all food chains start with a producer. Then, a consumer eats the producer. Once the consumer dies, it is broken down by a decomposer. Give them a few examples. A flower grows, and a rabbit comes to eat it. Then, a wolf eats the rabbit. The wolf dies, and bacteria and fungus break down his body into nutrients for the soil. See if students can come up with some examples

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.770725
Retrieved Text: When plants and animals die, they become food for decomposers like bacteria, fungi and earthworms. Decomposers or saprotrophs recycle dead plants and animals into chemical nutrients like carbon and nitrogen that are released back into the soil, air and water.
Bacteria can be found everywhere. They live in the water, in the air and on land. Bacteria are prokaryotic, which means they don't have a nucleus or a mitochondrea like other single-celled organisms.
Bacteria are among the smallest forms of life on Earth. In fact, you may have up to 100 million bacteria in your body right now! Some bacteria are harmful and cause diseases like typhoid and cholera. Other bacteria are helpful.
You have bacteria in your digestive tract that kills more harmful bacteria. Some ruminants like moose, sheep, and deer have bacteria in their stomachs that help them digest plants. Bacteria help turn milk into cheese, cucumbers into pickles and cabbage into sauerkraut. Other bacteria help decompose dead plants and animals.
Most species of legumes (alfalfa, lentils, beans, chick-peas, peas, peanuts) and bacteria have a symbiotic relationship. A symbiotic relationship is one in which two species benefit each other. The roots of most of these plants have a nitrogen-fixing bacteria, rhizobium, that changes nitrogen in the air into the nitrates the plants need to synthesize proteins.
Rhizobium bacteria invade the root hairs of the plants. They multiply and help root nodules grow. Then the bacteria changes free nitrogen, or the nitrogen from the air, to nitrates. Species in this order leave some of the nitrates in the soil, which

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.768913
Retrieved Text: Interactive Editing of P. 56-57 in Skinny Life Science book.
Use your notes from the interactive editing of p. 56-57 to write a paragraph that answers this question: Why do organisms need a habitat?
Organize your paragraph using the sandwich organizer.
Write your paragraph using the sandwich organizer.
Use the list of organisms your class created or make your own list to make a food web. You must have at least 4 producers, 3 primary consumers and 2 secondary/tertiary consumers. All organisms must be in the same habitat!
What is the difference between a population, community, and an ecosystem?
3) Levels of Organization Activty: Match the words with its definition and picture.
What are the roles of producers, consumers, primary consumers, secondary consumers, tertiary consumer, and decomposer?
1) Journal entry: Draw a food chain with a producer, primary consumer, secondary consumer, tertiary consumer, and decomposer labeled.
3) PreAP Only: What's Eating You?
Create a poster that shows how population, community, and ecosystems are related.
1. Read Urban Habitat Reading.
2. Complete a Venn Diagram to compare and contrast natural and human habitat.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.72427
Retrieved Text: How long garbage spends decomposing in landfills may surprise you.
Plastics are among the worst forms of waste as they take thousands to millions of years to actually decompose.
There exists a common misconception that any form garbage that is buried actually decomposes, especially for mass waste such as landfills. A shocking fact is that some types of waste, including plastics, will still be intact without a single sign of decomposition if it ever is unearthed.
Some forms of waste are biodegradable - this means that micro-organisms in them or from the soil can actually act on them to transform them into decomposed material with a significant fertility level. Soil containing biodegradable waste is actually richer in nutrients than normal soil, hence making it the best kind of natural fertilizer. Others are completely non-biodegradable. This means that no matter how long they are exposed to microorganisms, they wouldn’t decompose at all.
(While most of the figures below are for average conditions, it is essential to note that the nature of the area of disposal is also a primary factor to the rate of decomposition of the garbage. Some conditions are catalysts to the decomposition processes, while other conditions may lead to it getting to an absolute standstill).
Depending on the type of food, domestic waste may take days, weeks or months to completely decompose. Having the right decomposition vessel is a factor which influences food decomposition. An appropriate vessel may actually lead to accelerated decomposition.
Under average conditions, paper takes approximately 2-6 weeks to decompose. However, recycling it saves space in landfills.
While

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: A turtle may lay six eggs, and a sea turtle may lay a hundred eggs, and

Which is the correct answer?
- turtles will hatch more
- sea turtles will hatch more
- animals can lay eggs
- turtles are warm blooded

Target Text: sea turtles will hatch more

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 76.716705
Retrieved Text: An endangered turtle returned to a Maldives beach to lay its eggs - only to discover a runway had been built on the historical nesting site.
The green sea turtle, whose population is falling because of poachers hunting them for meat and egg harvesting, returned to the site of the beach in Noonu Atoll.
Female turtles return to the exact area where they were born to lay their own eggs, but instead of finding a suitable spot this turtle found only tarmac.
Developers completed Maafaru Airport in August, and there are further plans for buildings in the area including a hotel and a resort.
The Abu Dhabi Fund for Development, based in the UAE, funded the 7,200ft-long runway which will be able to accommodate six jets.
Local sources said the sea turtle, who may have spent years travelling back to the beach to lay her eggs, was released into the sea.
She was reportedly in good health.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 70.87433
Retrieved Text: Rantau Abang, Pantai and Beach, Giant Leatherback Turtle, Terengganu, Malaysia.
Rantau Abang is about 60 km from Kuala Terengganu, the nearest town is Dungun which is 22km to the south. This place is rather famous as the main nesting beach for turtles especially as one of the six nesting beach in the world for giant leatherback turtle (Dermocheleys coriaca). From May to September in every year, there will be visitors wait patiently and quietly on the beach for the turtle. The turtle will swim all the way back to here, then lumbering slowly on the sandy beaches to lay their eggs and disappear in the sea again. They normally lay their eggs when it is full moon and accompany with hide tide.
Nobody knows the reason why do these creatures choose to come back every year. However, the local believe that the turtles are attracted by two giant turtle stones (Batu Penyu) one lies between the bushes on a little hill in the village off the coast and another soaking in seawater. The mysterious stone on the hill is accessible in a 30 minutes short walk passing through the village. There is sign board along the way or you may get a villager to bring you there. Whereas the other one is covered by sand and water and is not visible any more.
Though there are conservation actions taken by the Fisheries Department, reports show that number of turtle coming back to lay theirs eggs every year is declining. This is partly due to the consequence of some incorporative

########
Rank: 2
Score: 69.56361
Retrieved Text: Florida soft shell turtle has a strange snorkel like nose and lives almost entirely aquatic, only emerging from the water to bask or to lay eggs.
The Museum & Sea Life Collection: Museum Collection Turtle Apalone ferox Taxidermy Florida Softshell Turtle From North America.
Interesting Trait: almost entirely aquatic, only emerging from the water to bask or to lay eggs.
Description: Florida soft shell turtle has a strange snorkel like nose and lives almost entirely aquatic, only emerging from the water to bask or to lay eggs.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 69.427124
Retrieved Text: Sea turtles can be found in oceans in every corner of the world. They’re born small enough to fit into the palm of your hand, with a wanderlust that drives them straight into the ocean, never to come out again in some cases! Think you know everything there is to know about sea turtles already? Here are 5 fun facts you may not have known before!
Male sea turtles never return to land after birth, but female sea turtles will find a nice sandy beach to dig a nest and lay her clutch of eggs. Each season, she may lay 65 – 180 eggs every two weeks during a nesting season. The eggs will incubate for 50 – 60 days, and when the turtles are ready to hatch, instinct leads them into the water! The gender of the hatchlings has everything to do with temperature during incubation – cooler temperatures produce male turtles, and warmer temperatures mean the hatchlings will be female.
Sea turtles are on the move their entire lives, and will travel thousands of miles in a lifetime. A female turtle was once observed travelling over 12,000 miles from Indonesia to the U.S.! Incredibly, even though they travel such long distances, many females will return to the beaches where they hatched to lay their own eggs. There’s no place like home!
The first sea turtles are thought to have roamed the oceans over 100 million years ago. They shared the planet with dinosaurs and watched the world change around them – but they haven’t changed much at

########
Rank: 4
Score: 67.927505
Retrieved Text: Loggerhead sea turtle hatchlings can sometimes be spotted on South Carolina beaches from July through October.
Loggerhead nesting season runs from May through October. During this time, nests are laid on barrier islands throughout South Carolina. It's the time when female turtles come out of the ocean and make their way to the dunes, where they lay their eggs in nests. The turtles lay nests from May through mid-August, with each nest having about 120 eggs. The eggs incubate for 55 to 60 days, and the babies emerge from July through October.
Protecting these turtles has become a labor of love for folks along the coast, with volunteer groups patrolling the beachfront each day, searching for nests and making sure they aren't disturbed. Loggerheads are one of four types of sea turtles that visit South Carolina; three are endangered and the Loggerhead is considered in the threatened stage.
We were fortunate last summer to watch two baby loggerheads emerge from their nest on Pawleys Island, helped along on their journey by SCUTE -- South Carolina United Turtle Enthusiasts.
Once you see the struggle these tiny, amazing creatures face trying to make the journey from the dunes to the waves, you'll want to do whatever you can to make their chances of survival better. And there are ways beachgoers can help.
The S.C. Aquarium in Charleston has a terrific sea turtle rescue program. Keep up with news from its Sea Turtle Hospital here.
The South Carolina Department of Natural Resources Marine Turtle Conservation Program is responsible for managing and protecting sea turtles in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 67.15601
Retrieved Text: The loggerhead turtle is a species of the Cheloniidae family.
It is a species of sea turtles rapidly receding, which is locally subject to a restoration plan.
This species, few pelagic, frequent usually temperate waters and sometimes tropical and subtropical waters. This is the only turtle nesting outside the tropics. Grouped by several hundred of individuals, they are able to travel considerable distances from their living site to reach laying grounds. In the Mediterranean, the loggerhead turtle is the most common species. It is also the most common turtle in the western Atlantic.
Loggerhead, carnivore, feeds mainly on crustaceans and molluscs; it can weigh up to 160 kg and the average weight of an adult is 105 kg. It can measure 1.25m but average adults measured 1.10m.
Dedicated to swim offshore, the members of this great sea turtle serve both thrusters (front legs) and steering (back legs).
Its carapace is heart-shaped, flattened, its width is about 76% of its length. Its head is quite long and very wide. There are two pairs of prefrontal scales on the head and a strong horny beak. The shell can be recognized to have five pairs of side plates, a front pair adjacent to the precentral plate and three pairs of inframarginal plates on front. As the hawksbill sea turtle, it has two claws on each flipper.
Like other sea turtles, the females lay their eggs only every two or three seasons. The age of sexual maturity is estimated at more than 10 years. Most loggerheads that reach adulthood live 30 years or over 50 years.
In

########
Rank: 6
Score: 66.812065
Retrieved Text: Sea Turtle nesting season on St. Joseph Peninsula – Cape San Blas is MAY 1- END OF OCTOBER.
Seeing a sea turtle lay her eggs or seeing one of the nests come to life with hatchlings can be one of the most memorable experiences you can have on Cape San Blas!
During the early part of the season, you may be lucky enough to see one of the huge, beautiful turtles come in and lay her eggs. You can walk the beach with the Turtle Patrol to learn about these ancient creatures and their struggle for survival.
In 2017 St. Joseph Peninsula had a total of 206 nests and 2011 were Loggerhead nests. Loggerhead Turtles are an endangered species! These nest produced 14,071 eggs and 8,982 hatchlings.
During nesting season the Turtle Patrol is out every day looking for tracks or a “crawl” of the adult turtle coming from the water. The Turtle Patrol will take a variety of measurements, then cover the nest with a metal screen to deter predators. Then they mark all nests with wood stakes and yellow tape, so you will likely see many of these on your long walks on Cape San Blas. Never touch a sea turtle nest…only PERMITTED TURTLE PATROL volunteers are permitted to do this.
Sea Turtles and their hatchlings are very vulnerable when they are on the beach.
How can YOU help the turtles survive?
Remove all your items from the beach each night so these mom’s get to their spot to nest!
After a day of making sand castles and digging holes on the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 66.21138
Retrieved Text: The Cape Verde Islands are very well known today for the turtles that can be seen at different beaches. Especially the loggerhead turtle (Caretta Caretta) is very common. An encounter with a prehistoric sea turtle is an unforgettable experience. Which turtle species are there in Cape Verde? What does their life course? Where can you spot turtles? When is the best chance to see baby turtles crawling to the sea?
Five of the seven sea turtles are found in the waters around the Cape Verde islands. All have the status of endangered or seriously endangered species. For the loggerhead turtle, the beaches of Cape Verde are one of the most favorite places in the world to make their nests.
The leatherback turtle is the largest sea turtle in the world and can reach a length of no less than 2.5 meters. They have a leathery scale and occur worldwide. The turtle nests are incidentally found on the beaches of Cape Verde.
The sea turtle is also called the real loggerhead turtle. The name caret comes from the back shield. With an average length of 90 centimeters the real loggerhead turtle is a medium sized sea turtle. They have a sickle-shaped mouth to extract prey from rock crevices. You find this species especially in coral reefs and rocks and they are well recognizable by their beautifully crenated and marked back shield.
This is one of the most widespread sea turtles in the world and it is named after their large head. Their head can be as long as 30 centimeters. The

########
Rank: 8
Score: 65.756165
Retrieved Text: Exploring an ocean is exciting for preschool children! Ocean animals, shells, sand, and water are a wonder and bring out the natural curiosity that is at the heart of every young child. Whether your children have a chance to visit a real ocean or not, learning about the life cycle of a sea turtle is playful discovery for preschoolers!
For hands-on play with the sea turtle’s life cycle, Safari Ltd. offers a green sea turtle life cycle set: eggs, hatchling, juvenile, and adult. Discuss the 4 basic stages with the children while showing each piece from the set.
Sea Turtle Eggs – the female turtle can lay up to 100 eggs in the sand at night. The female leaves the ocean to lay her eggs in a hole (nest) then covers the eggs with sand using her front and back flippers.
Sea Turtle Hatchling – in 6-12 weeks (time differs with various turtles), the turtles hatch from their shells and make their way to the deeper waters in the ocean.
Juvenile Sea Turtles – the younger turtles have an initial growing period of up to a decade. The young turtles live and feed in the ocean waters. Eventually, the turtles will join the other turtles along the ocean’s coastline.
Adult Sea Turtles – an adult sea turtle can grow over 3 feet long. Some types of sea turtles can live to be 100 years old. Adult sea turtles make their home along the coastlines of the Atlantic, Pacific, and Indian Oceans. If possible, show the children where the oceans are located

########
Rank: 9
Score: 65.694016
Retrieved Text: The marine turtle monitoring programme in the Mozambican component of the Lubombo TFCA has had another successful season.
Ponta do Ouro-Kosi Bay is Africa’s first marine transfrontier conservation area and is part of the Lubombo TFCA. The Ponta do Ouro Partial Marine Reserve’s turtle monitoring programme links up with the one across the border in South Africa’s iSimangaliso Wetland Park, a World Heritage Site, where turtles have been monitored since 1963.
Community members are trained annually to work as turtle monitors to protect, measure and tag the critically endangered leatherback and critically endangered loggerhead turtles coming ashore to lay their eggs.
The Ponta do Ouro marine reserve has a rich diversity of marine life and is the most important leatherback and loggerhead turtle nesting ground along the Mozambican coast. Leatherbacks are the largest sea turtles and classified as critically endangered by the IUCN, while loggerhead sea turtles have been classified as endangered.
In the 2013—2014 season, there were 1 518 recordings of loggerhead and 87 of leatherback turtles coming ashore to lay their eggs, i.e. one turtle may return more than once. This is up from the 2012—2013 season, when there were 1 253 recordings of loggerhead and 52 of leatherback turtles coming ashore. The number of confirmed nests was 910 nests for loggerhead (up from 636) and 84 for leatherback turtles (up from 38 during the previous season).

########
Rank: 10
Score: 65.67515
Retrieved Text: As designers of artistic glass drinkware, several of which feature sea turtles, we are huge lovers of these incredible creatures. Since many types of turtles and tortoises are endangered, it's so important for all of us to keep them in mind on a daily basis.
Although one day is certainly not enough, turtles and tortoises are honored on World Turtle Day, which began in the year 2000 and is sponsored yearly by American Tortoise Rescue, intending to bring knowledge, awareness, and respect to the more than 300 species of turtles and tortoises worldwide.
Why are turtles and tortoises so special? Well, firstly because of their awe-inspiring diversity. From sea turtles, which can travel thousands of miles to lay their eggs on the beaches they were born, to the American Box Turtle who can live for over a hundred years, from the tiny Bog Turtle which is only 4 inches long, to the Leathery Turtle which can weigh up to 1500 pounds...the variety amongst the various species is truly amazing.
Turtles live on every continent except for Antarctica and they have outlived almost every other species of reptile that has ever existed. Many scientists attribute that fact to their unique shells, which are made up of over 60 bones all connected together.
Unfortunately, human beings have posed a profound threat to the continued existence of turtles and tortoises. In many cultures around the world, turtle is a staple in the human diet. The desire to consume turtle meat (particularly in turtle soup) has led to the overhunting of these precious creatures.
Destruction

########
Rank: 11
Score: 65.23148
Retrieved Text: Puerto Vallarta is a great place to see baby turtles being released back into the sea thanks to a local program to protect turtles and help to increase their numbers. Tourists are often left in awe at the dozens of baby turtles that are released at any one time on Puerto Vallarta’s beaches.
Throughout the year, mature female turtles arrive to Puerto Vallarta’s beaches to lay their eggs, leaving them to their fate. The months of July through to the end of November is the peak season for baby turtles in Puerto Vallarta, although you can see turtles arrive to the beaches any time of the year if you are lucky.
Turtles usually arrive to Puerto Vallarta to lay their eggs during the night but sometimes you will be lucky to see an adult turtle arrive during the day. When a sea turtle is noticed laying her eggs in Puerto Vallarta, the authorities are notified to come and collect the eggs before predators (both humans and animal) take the eggs. The turtle eggs are then taken to a sanctuary and protected unit the baby turtles hatch.
The turtle hatchlings, as baby turtles are known, are then returned to the beaches in Puerto Vallarta where the eggs were found and released into the sea. Large numbers are released at a time to increase the chances of survival, although statistics suggest that only 1% of baby turtles make it to full maturity. This low survival rate is part of the reason why governments all over the world, including Mexico have programs

########
Rank: 12
Score: 64.39998
Retrieved Text: As the biggest and the oldest of the world’s 7 existing sea turtle species, the leatherback sea turtle represents a sought after marine species for water sport enthusiasts. Perhaps that’s because of its accolades or because it is relatively rare to find, but mostly scuba divers and snorkelers enjoy seeing the leatherback because it’s one awesome animal.
Did you know that the leatherback has a mouth and throat full of spines? It really looks like something out of a horror movie, but these tools are actually used to eat jellyfish! In addition, while most leatherbacks are about 5 feet long, the biggest sea turtle ever recorded was a whopping 10 feet in length. Could you imagine coming across that sea turtle roaming around a coral reef?
If you’re in love with sea turtles, keep reading. We have put together some information and curiosities about leatherbacks in order to inspire others to protect these amazing animals.
The leatherback sea turtle, also known as the trunk back turtle, is the largest of the sea turtles. In fact, these turtles can reach 6.5 ft (2m) in length and a weight of 2,000 lbs (900 kg). However, the Pacific leatherbacks are bigger than the Atlantic leatherback sea turtles.
Name: Unlike other marine turtles, the carapace of the leatherback has no bony scales. Instead, it has cartilage strengthened by a mosaic of thousands of small bones. In addition, the turtle’s carapace is covered with skin and is crossed by 7 longitudinal hulls.
Diet: The leatherback feeds mainly on jellyfish and gelatinous animals, consuming up to twice

########
Rank: 13
Score: 64.39547
Retrieved Text: Normally I like to explore common backyard wildlife. But I was recently lucky enough to meet a loggerhead sea turtle as she laid her eggs. For me, this was the treat of a lifetime. And I had to share!
This all started when I was a child. I was fascinated by turtles. It didn’t matter the species, I loved them all. I diligently kept a turtle log, recording the scientific data of all the turtles I found. I had a wonderful science teacher who encouraged my love of nature and allowed me to bring turtles into class to show everyone. She even allowed me to collect everyone’s pennies and dimes to scrape enough money together for our class to join a sea turtle rescue.
Fast forward to 2015, and I’m still just as excited every time I find a turtle. So, I recently visited the Georgia Sea Turtle Center on Jekyll Island with my family. This wonderful facility handles turtle triage up and down the East coast. The center in itself is a treat. The displays are beautiful and informative. Each visitor gets to follow the trek of a turtle through its life finding out where it goes once it’s hatched and beyond. You can see the rehabilitating sea turtles in their tanks and even observe a feeding.
During nesting season, the center offers nighttime hikes to; hopefully, see the females as they come ashore to lay their eggs. Nothing’s guaranteed, but I decided to seize the day and booked my family.
We started at the center for a short

########
Rank: 14
Score: 64.12471
Retrieved Text: Snapping Turtles live in all Connecticut towns. Snapping turtles are recognized for their hostile personality and sharp beak, which can inflict troublesome bite wounds. The snapper will usually escape confrontation when in the water, if interrupted on land, the animal will strike rapidly by reaching forward and snapping with their beaks. Usually not a problem unless children and pets are involved.
The snapping turtle definitely is the biggest freshwater turtle living in CT. An adult common snapping turtle may reach greater than 60 lbs (growing up in North Haven one was taken out of a pond behind my house nearly 70lbs). Average body weight is within 12-30 lbs. Snappers stay in the water most of the time. They prefer shallow ponds, lakes, and slow moving water.
Snapping turtles are omnivorous eating plant and animal matter such as fish, frogs, ducks, and smaller mammals. They are really effective scavengers and tidy up dead fish and animals.
Snapping turtles lay eggs in the Spring. She will usually dig her nest during the night or in the morning. Nests are usually located in an open, sandy spot near proximity to vegetation. The hole normally is four to eight inches deep. The turtle will deposit between 12 and 38 eggs. Eggs Are similar size and shape of ping pong balls. The turtle eggs hatch by early fall.
Why people request to have Snapping turtles trapped and removed?
Turtles can sometimes become a nuisance in practically every body of water. Any body of water with a sufficient food supply will do. During the spring they lay

########
Rank: 15
Score: 63.946392
Retrieved Text: A diet of algae and seagrasses gives this turtle (Chelonia mydas) greenish colored fat—and its name. Weighing as much as 500 pounds, the threatened green sea turtle lives its life at sea, with only females coming to shore to lay eggs. See a slideshow with more pictures of beautiful but threatened animals, and meet the seven species of sea turtle.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 63.451527
Retrieved Text: As Sea Turtle nesting season draws to a close around this time of year, we can reflect on how wonderful it is that our beaches are a destination for Sea Turtle species to lay their eggs.
The safety and success of those nests depends largely on dedicated volunteers who patrol the beaches looking for signs of a nest, block off areas of the beach where a nest is suspected or has been confirmed in order to protect the nest, and help the hatchlings make their way safely to the sea. These volunteers are active in the early morning hours, before most of the beach-goers arrive on the strand, looking for signs of "turtle prints" leading from the dunes to the water.
Female Loggerhead Sea Turtles make their way to our shores in the nighttime between May and August, creating a nest deep in the sand up by the dunes and depositing up to 120 eggs in their nest before heading back to sea. Volunteers turn out in the first morning light to look for signs of sea turtle tracks in the sand. Once the beaches start filling up with visitors and the tide starts moving up, these tracks are easily erased and the sea turtle nest can go undetected. If a potential nest is spotted, volunteers can stake out the nest area and do everything they can to ensure it's protected. This is such an important job because of how busy our beaches become during Sea Turtle nesting season.
Wrightsville Beach and southeastern North Carolina is privileged to be

########
Rank: 17
Score: 62.798096
Retrieved Text: Just two days old, the baby snapping turtles burrowed their way into warm sand to nap.
They've spent the last 75 days in round eggs that resemble ping pong balls, growing in a carefully controlled incubator.
When the time is right, the little snappers will be released into the wild.
Without a little help, however, the baby turtles may not have had a chance to live.
Likely run over by a car in a Westland mall parking lot, the turtles' mother was severely injured and left to die in a trash can in June.
Discovered by a worker emptying the trash, the mother turtle was soon connected to the staff at Emergency Veterinary Hospital Ann Arbor, a clinic located in Scio Township.
Named for the department store where she was rescued, "Mama Kohl" was a large adult female snapping turtle with a shell more than a foot long, said Dr. Lindsay Ruland.
A radiograph image of Mama Kohl, an adult female snapping turtle, filled with eggs.
Ruland said the turtle was admitted with severe injuries to its head and with a broken jaw. The turtle was also in sepsis, a severe illness caused by a bacterial infection.
The turtle would have likely been euthanized, Ruland said, but an X-ray changed that.
The X-ray showed the turtle was pregnant. Ruland said she was determined to help the turtle lay its 51 eggs.
Ruland and her staff had to induce labor twice to get the mother turtle to lay all of its eggs.
Out of Mama Kohl's 51 eggs, a total of 28 have survived. The other eggs did not

########
Rank: 18
Score: 62.543655
Retrieved Text: Check out our range of fun turtle facts for kids. Learn about turtle shells, the biggest turtle species, turtle eggs and much more.
Read on and enjoy a variety of interesting information about turtles.
Turtles have a hard shell that protects them like a shield, this upper shell is called a ‘carapace’.
Turtles also have a lower shell called a ‘plastron’.
Many turtle species (not all) can hide their heads inside their shells when attacked by predators.
Turtles have existed for around 215 million years.
Some turtles lay eggs in the sand and leave them to hatch on their own. The young turtles make their way to the top of the sand and scramble to the water while trying to avoid predators.
Sea turtles have special glands which help remove salt from the water they drink.
Many turtle species are endangered.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 62.488323
Retrieved Text: Sea turtles, air-breathing reptiles with streamlined bodies and large flippers, are well adapted to life in the marine environment. They inhabit tropical and subtropical ocean waters throughout the world.
Of the 7 species of sea turtles, 6 are found in U.S. waters: green, hawksbill, Kemp's ridley, leatherback, loggerhead and olive ridley. The 7th species, the flatback sea turtle, is found only in Australia.
Although sea turtles live most of their lives in the ocean, adult females must return to beaches on land to lay their eggs. They often migrate long distances between foraging grounds and nesting beaches.
All marine turtles occurring in U.S. waters are listed under the Endangered Species Act (ESA) and are under the joint jurisdiction of NOAA Fisheries and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. Green turtles and olive ridley turtles have breeding populations that were listed separately under the ESA, and therefore, have more than one ESA status.
In 1977, NOAA Fisheries and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) signed a Memorandum of Understanding to jointly administer the Endangered Species Act with respect to marine turtles. NOAA Fisheries has the lead responsibility for the conservation and recovery of sea turtles in the marine environment and USFWS has the lead for the conservation and recovery of sea turtles on nesting beaches.
Major threats to sea turtles in the U.S. include, but are not limited to: destruction and alteration of nesting and foraging habitats; incidental capture in commercial and recreational fisheries; entanglement in marine debris; and vessel strikes. To reduce the incidental capture of sea turtles in commercial

########
Rank: 20
Score: 62.33969
Retrieved Text: As sea turtles nest on Florida beaches, experts say they are facing some challenges from the aftereffects of Hurricane Sandy and Tropical Storm Debby.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — As sea turtles nest on Florida beaches, experts say they are facing some challenges from the aftereffects of Hurricane Sandy and Tropical Storm Debby.
Dr. Robbin Trindell is responsible for sea turtle management at the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. She says the storms altered many Florida beaches where sea turtles nest, and changes in the coastal landscape can make it difficult for sea turtles to successfully lay their eggs and produce hatchlings.
The wildlife commission reminds beachgoers that it's illegal to disturb sea turtles, their nests or hatchlings. The loggerhead is a federally threatened species, while the leatherback and green turtle are federally endangered.
Marine turtle nesting season began in March, from Brevard through Broward counties. May first marks the official start in other coastal counties.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 62.330383
Retrieved Text: Scuba diving in Punta sur drift dive with the Turtles From May to June.
Turtles are captivating creatures. Some of them look like gentle giants, but that doesn’t take away the fact that they are very social in company of other turtles and adorable as well. Talking about turtles mating, it requires sexually mature turtles. As such, a male turtle needs to be at least three years old and the female turtle should be at least five years old. That being said, one should ensure that they breed only healthy turtles.
It’s nothing short of challenge to ensure that the turtles eat the right amount and kind of foods during mating. Experts reckon that turtles are observed to be more sexually oriented during late spring. This is primarily due to longer days and warmer climate. Such an environment stimulates the sexual desires in them.
If you witness that your turtles are rubbing their body against each other, then you should know that this is a sign of affection towards each other. One may call it a way of flirting with each other. You will also find them moving around unusually trying to grab attention of their partner. After the drama is over, they are able to develop the comfort zone to start mating. The male turtle will be seen climbing from behind. It will then wrap its tail around the female turtle’s tail. This can be considered as the onset of the fertilization process.
You shouldn’t be surprised to see the male turtle charging on the female turtle while starting

########
Rank: 22
Score: 62.084232
Retrieved Text: Guided turtle tours are a fun and environmentally-sound way to observe these gentle giants as they come ashore to lay their eggs. Five species and one sub-species of sea turtle nest on the country's Caribbean and Pacific coasts, where park rangers and turtle conservation organizations strive to protect and monitor their populations. Visitors can arrange evening turtle tours with a licensed guide or park ranger. Note that cameras, video, or flash photography are strictly prohibited on night turtle tours. Turtles are extremely sensitive to ambient light, and rangers and biologists want to keep our impact to a minimum.
We will pick you up at your lodging.
Pick Up: between 5:30 and 6:30.
This Tour varies in length. May be 2.5 - 4 hours.
Pick up will be at 17:45 in Tamarindo area for other locations please send us an e-mail to kellyssurfshop@gmail.com or call to 2653-1355.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 62.013638
Retrieved Text: Ever since the 1960s, Playa Ostional has been a major nesting site for Ridley sea turtles, and leatherback turtles frequent this beach in smaller numbers. This beach is an essential part of sea turtle conservation in Costa Rica.
Ridley turtles nest here en masse from July to December, a process that is called an “arriabada” is Spanish. Most eggs are laid after sunset and before dawn. You can take tours that will allow you to watch sea turtles come ashore to lay their eggs, or see the baby turtles emerge from their eggs. Ostional villagers sometimes come to the rescue of baby sea turtles and guard against vultures as the baby turtles make their way to the sea.
Playa Ostional is protected by the Ostional Wildlife Refuge. Local conservationists have proposed that a controlled harvest will help preserve the population since Costa Ricans look forward to the sea turtle egg harvest and consider the eggs a delicacy. Visitors, however, must not disturb the turtles or their eggs in any way.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 61.852898
Retrieved Text: We Indians celebrate numerous festivals throughout the year with much zest and vigour. Most of these festivals are religious rituals and rarely do we have any event to celebrate the nature around us. Earth Day on April 22 and World Environment Day on June 5 are two of the very few times in the year when we remember Mother Nature.
Interestingly, there is a festival organized in Maharashtra exclusively for turtles! Sea turtles are endangered species due to poaching and habitat destruction. All of the five species of marine turtles found in the sea waters around the Indian subcontinent are listed as either endangered or threatened species. Among these, Olive Ridley turtles have a distinct behaviour of forming Arribadas, which are mass gatherings of female turtles to lay eggs on the shore. In India, these Arribadas mass gatherings are observed in Orissa and Maharashtra.
While turtles breed throughout the year, their mating activities increase exponentially during the months of November to March. After mating, the female turtle comes ashore during the night and just beyond the high tide line, it dig holes up to 18 inches deep and fill them with about 100-150 eggs. Interestingly, females return to the very same beach from where they first hatched, to lay their eggs!
Over the years, most of these eggs were stolen by people and being sold in black markets. Few years ago, Sahyadri Nisarga Mitra, an eco-conservation NGO in Maharashtra, came forward to provide protection to sea turtle eggs which were being hunted in the Konkan Coast. Every year, a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 61.811275
Retrieved Text: These turtles are often seen taking clown fish on epic adventures to Sydney on the East Australian Current. But their good nature has put them at risk.
Flatback Sea turtles can live for over 230 million years and have been on earth for longer than 50 years. Or maybe that is the other way around.
Unlike Scandinavian Flatpacks, they do not require assembling.
The flatback turtle are named this because they have a very flat upper shell, which is unique from all other sea turtles.
Flatback turtles spend almost all their lives under the water, but have to come up for air a lot. They dive for 5 minutes and then come to the surface to breathe for 3 seconds. They can rest or sleep underwater for several hours at a time but when they are active and diving for food or escaping predators they have to come up for air more often.
The flatback turtle lays its eggs in the sand on the beach, and depending on how well they are buried and how hot they get, this will determine if it is a girl or a boy. Eggs incubated at temperatures below 29ºC will be male, whereas eggs incubated above 29 ºC will be female.
The flatback turtle feed in the northern coastal regions of Australia as well as Indonesian and Papua New Guinea while all known breeding sites occur only in Australia.
Their smooth shells and paddlelike flippers help them speed through the water as fast as 24 kph. These long-distance travelers have been known to swim up to 5000

########
Rank: 26
Score: 61.70294
Retrieved Text: Members of the youth section of the Green Every on Saturday held an annual clean up of Lara Bay as part of the campaign Seas and Coasts, Free and Clean.
This is the 22nd year in succession that the young volunteers have organised such a clean up in the area. They told CyBC they had found that there has been some progress as regards the amount of rubbish left on this important turtle nesting beach.
Volunteers were also able to witness the magical moment as newly-hatched sea turtles make their way to the sea. And in 20 to 30 years, they’ll be back at this exact location to lay their own eggs.
” Every single year we share with our volunteers a unique experience. Some moments are precious! Thank you all for being part of it! ” they said on the Facebook and shared the following video.
ΛΑΡΑ …Σημερα !Η Φυση αντιστεκεται !!!
A video was also shared by the Greens.
Στην παραλία ωοτοκίας των χελωνών στη Λάρα, στη χερσόνησο του Ακάμα εκστράτευσε και φέτος η Νεολαία Οικολόγων-Young Cyprus Greens για την καθιερωμένη εκδήλωση καθαριότητας της παραλίας. Εκτός από τον καθαρισμό και τις βουτιές στα γαλανά νερά του όμορφου κόλπου, έτυχαν και επί τόπου ενημέρωσης για το πρόγραμμα αναπαραγωγής των θαλάσσιων χελωνών από την ομάδα του Ανδρέα Δημητρόπουλου, την ώρα που τα χελωνάκια πήγαιναν προς την θάλασσα.
A recent Associated Press article described Cyprus’ conservation programme for Green turtles and Loggerhead turtles as pioneering.
When those efforts began in 1978, there were just 300 turtle nests on the island’s beaches where the reptiles return

########
Rank: 27
Score: 61.492615
Retrieved Text: PHUKET: Phuket’s marine wildlife experts have expressed concern that turtles are not laying eggs on many of the Andaman beaches historically used by the turtle population.
“The nesting season for sea turtles along the Andaman coast is usually from November to March. Their preferred nesting sites are Mai Khao Beach in Phuket, Tai Muang Beach in Phang Nga and some coastal areas in Satun province,” said Kongkiat Kittiwattanawong, head of the Marine Endangered Species Unit at the Phuket Marine Biological Center (PMBC).
“Unfortunately, the turtles are not laying eggs on the usual beaches even though it is the nesting season,” he said.
The number of Leatherback, Olive Ridley and Green turtles are lower than before, a worried Mr Kongkiat explained.
“Climate is a major factor. It determines turtle population size as well as affecting the gender of the turtle’s offspring. The optimum temperature [for turtle nesting] is 29ºC. If it’s too hot they won’t lay eggs,” he said.
An officer stationed at the Khao Lampi – Hat Thai Mueang National Park, in Phang Nga, also confirmed that no turtles had laid eggs on the beach this year.
National park officers are to monitor the situation closely, Mr Kongkiat explained.
“Encouragingly though, the turtles have continued to lay eggs on the beaches of the Similan islands, off the Phang Nga coast, all year round.
“Since January, about 100 nests have been counted, most of them made by Olive Ridley turtles,” Mr Kongkiat added.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 61.467594
Retrieved Text: A couple of hundred yards from out house is a small dirt road called “Roaring Brook Lane”. It parallels a brook and goes over a small bridge to a dock by the lake. While walking the dog we decided (actually he decided – I merely followed) to go down to the dock. We haven’t had much rain of late and the brook was hardly “roaring”. In fact it was completely dry. As we walked down I caught a glimpse of movement out of the corner of my eye and decided to “check it out”. It turned out to be a large (I’d guess almost 2ft long) snapping turtle dragging itself out of the dry water course.
I understand from my reading that they rarely leave the water unless they are planning to lay eggs, and that the egg laying season is from April through November. This picture was taken in mid-October so I imagine that the turtle was looking for a spot to lay its eggs.
From its appearance it’s a common snapping turtle rather than an alligator snapping turtle, which I believe is found farther south in the US.
Whichever it was I stayed well away from it and quickly left. I didn’t want to disturb its egg laying and I’d also heard that such creatures can deliver a nasty bite.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 61.39703
Retrieved Text: The St. Lucie Nuclear Plant is dedicated to our role as an environmental steward.
Our Sea Turtle Conservation Program has been dedicated to protecting this endangered species for the past 30 years. Our team of biologists research and even help to rehabilitate sea turtles that have been injured by boats or other marine wildlife.
Join Us for a Turtle Walk!
FPL Turtle Walks are conducted Friday and Saturday nights in June and July.
These walks are extremely popular and limited by permit to 50 people. Once a turtle is sighted, the group is taken to the beach to watch her lay her eggs. Reservations are required.

================



======= Instance Index 357 =========
Input Text: Eating certain foods can add fiber into a diet which helps the body to stay regular, such as when eating

Which is the correct answer?
- multivitamins
- fish
- crackers
- broccoli

Target Text: broccoli

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 66.82566
Retrieved Text: If you are trying to lose weight, then start eating more foods that are high in natural fibre. You can also have a delicious and healthy snack between meals with the Curb Slimming Bar from Max International, it's high in fiber and Gluten Free.
One of the main reasons we fail to stick to a diet is hunger. Trying to ignore that gnawing sensation of hunger, which is actually your brain telling you to eat, is like trying to kick an addiction, it's one of life's most difficult challenges. But it can be defeated by eating certain foods that actually make you feel satisfied longer so you don't get those overpowering hunger pangs.
Dietary fiber is a natural ingredient of high-fiber foods, such as vegetables, salads, fruits and cereals. Soluble fiber (apples, nuts, beans and oatmeal) dissolves in water and delays the digestion process to help keep you feeling full. Alternately, insoluble fiber (vegetables, whole wheat foods and leafy greens) doesn't dissolve in water but facilitates movement of foods through your intestines. Eating foods rich in insoluble fiber maintains energy and hunger levels so you don't feel fatigued and tempted to grab a sugary snack to give you a boost of energy.
While diving into a high-fiber diet will prevent hunger pangs from sabotaging your diet, it will also give you bouts of gas and bloating until your body adapts to the change in foods. Start by integrating fiber foods into one meal a day and slowly add more fibrous foods every few days. Also remember to drink several

########
Rank: 1
Score: 61.040573
Retrieved Text: A balanced diet includes foods from five groups and fulfills all of a person’s nutritional needs. Eating a balanced diet helps people maintain good health and reduce their risk of disease.
Dietary guidelines evolve with scientific advances, so it can be challenging to stay on top of current recommendations and know what to eat.
In this article, we look at current dietary recommendations and describe how to build a balanced diet.
Eating a balanced diet will help a person stay healthy.
A balanced diet is one that fulfills all of a person’s nutritional needs. Humans need a certain amount of calories and nutrients to stay healthy.
A balanced diet provides all the nutrients a person requires, without going over the recommended daily calorie intake.
By eating a balanced diet, people can get the nutrients and calories they need and avoid eating junk food, or food without nutritional value.
The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) used to recommend following a food pyramid. However, as nutritional science has changed, they now recommend eating foods from the five groups and building a balanced plate.
According to the USDA’s recommendations, half of a person’s plate should consist of fruits and vegetables.
The other half should be made up of grains and protein. They recommend accompanying each meal with a serving of low-fat dairy or another source of the nutrients found in dairy.
To get enough nutrients and keep dietary boredom at bay, people should choose a variety of vegetables.
Additionally, the USDA recommend that people eat vegetables from each of the five subgroups every week.
People may enjoy vegetables raw or

########
Rank: 2
Score: 59.665623
Retrieved Text: Getting at least the recommended daily amount of fiber into your diet can help you manage type 2 diabetes.
Are you filling up on fiber? If you have type 2 diabetes, you should be — including high-fiber foods in your diet is a healthy way to control high blood sugar. As an added bonus, you may be able to stay full longer on the correct portion sizes than you would if you were eating more refined foods. And eating lots of soluble fiber (the kind found in oatmeal, beans, and apples, among other foods) may help reduce dangerous visceral belly fat, according to a recent study.
"Fiber promotes good bowel health, lowers the risk of cancer and heart disease, and also controls your blood sugar in a certain way," explains Amy Kranick, a registered dietitian and certified diabetes educator with the adult diabetes program at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville, Tenn.
When fiber is digested, your body handles it differently than the way in which refined carbohydrates, such as white flour, are digested. A portion of the fiber simply passes through your digestive system intact. This difference means that eating foods rich in fiber is less likely to cause a spike in high blood sugar.
"Fiber doesn't require insulin [to digest], so it isn't counted as part of your carbohydrates," says Kranick. As a result, when you are reading labels and budgeting daily carbohydrates, you can subtract half the grams of dietary fiber from the total carbohydrate count.
At the same time, you should be keeping track of how much

########
Rank: 3
Score: 59.59599
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Diet & Nutrition' started by Tom White @gymtoto, Jan 21, 2017.
When people take on new diets whether bulking or cutting or simply wanting to eat healthy you can get digestion problems. Certain foods can cause problems but adding certain foods to your diet can help with this.
The first one is pineapple. This contains a natural enzyme called bromelain and this can contribute to digestive function.
Another food is avacado, this contains monounsaturated fats that can help maintain healthy digestion. It also converts beta carotene into vitamin A. This helps promote a healthy lining of the GI track.
So try adding these foods into your diet to help with digestion.
I completely agree with you. thanks for the information that you have provided.
Interesting to hear all of these food facts. What other foods are beneficial to the body/digestive system/etc?
There is lots of food that can be used for healthy digestion and fibre is one of them.
It is recommended that adults eat about 18 to 35g daily.
Adding a little more fibre can be very good for your digestive system.
I am going to write an article on food label nutrition info as alot of people dont realy know what they are looking at. This will enable you to work out how much fibre you eat daily.
Nutrition can be daunting but if anyone has any questions about your specific requirements ask on real muscle forum.
keep looking for my next article on food label meanings to help understand food and nutrition values.
There is also 2 types of fibre.
Insoluble fiber’s job is to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 58.57269
Retrieved Text: I am Dr. Rakhi Khurana. I have 18 years of experience. I give diet on cholesterol, diabetes, child nutrition. My specialty is in PCOS. Nowadays, this disease is very common. Today we will talk about how to lose weight with a nutritional diet. Myth: People think that they have to leave all the food what they love. But it is not like that. It is all about the right combination and timings. Follow the balanced and nutritious diet. If you want to diet, start it with detox water. In morning, you can have jeera water, meethi water, dalchini water but then it should be into the supervision. You should start eating salads and fruits. this is very important. To lose weight you have to have the right dietary fiber.
Activities like exercises are important. Water intake is very important. You have to have 8-10 glasses of water a day or 3 liters of water a day. Never stay empty stomach. Have something after every 2 hours to maintain the BMI. In the morning, have milk and cereals. Do not have dinner after 8 pm. Have your dinner between 7-8 pm. Do not have carbs after 8 pm. Include curd and quinoa in your diet. Whatever you are eating is not going to make you fat. It is only about how healthy food do you eat.
Dt. Ms. Rakhi Khurana is a trusted Dietitian/Nutritionist in Ashok Vihar, Delhi. He has been a successful Dietitian/Nutritionist for the last 20 years. He has completed MSc Dietitian. He is currently practising at

########
Rank: 5
Score: 58.5715
Retrieved Text: Many different studies have proven the benefits of the ketogenic diet. However, as a result of reducing the amount of fiber-rich carbohydrates that you eat, it’s common for those on a low carb diet to experience occasional constipation.
This leads to feeling bloated, uncomfortable, and lethargic.
Transitioning from a higher carb diet to a fat-focused diet can be rough on your digestive system. This is when taking a keto fiber supplement might be a good idea.
When you're switching over to a high-fat diet, it can be difficult for your gut. This leads to problems with eliminating stool.
Now, this doesn’t happen with everyone, and it is less likely to happen if you make sure to include plenty of vegetables, but some people find that their body needs help adjusting to this new way of eating. There is no shame in helping your body keep things “regular”.
Fiber is crucial for the health of your body. Fiber is the indigestible part of food that passes through your body. As it goes through your body it helps to eliminate other unwanted nutrients.
There a two different types of fiber, soluble and insoluble. Each type has its own benefits and characteristics and according to the Mayo Clinic "are essential for a healthy diet". Getting too little of either type can cause unpleasant effects.
Soluble fiber absorbs water as it passes through your digestive system. This helps to bulk up your stool, and reduces the possibility of thin stool.
Insoluble fiber is made up of foods that don’t dissolve in water. This usually includes foods with a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 58.525112
Retrieved Text: From eating healthy meals to exercising regularly, your lifestyle choices paint a clear picture of your health and wellbeing. Learning to make the best lifestyle choices for your wellness is a crucial part of keeping your body and mind healthy for years to come. Find out more about how your lifestyle affects your overall wellness with Dr. Antoine Geffrard at RMS Consultations in Southfield, MI.
How does the food I eat affect my wellness?
Eating well is the very basis of your wellness. Eating good foods and a well-rounded diet is one of the best, if not the very best, most important thing you can do for your body. A healthy diet keeps your body at a healthy weight and gives it the fuel it needs to function efficiently. Eating well also drops your chances of developing certain conditions or diseases and can even improve your mental health.
Why is exercising regularly so important?
There are countless benefits to regular exercise alongside a good diet. Exercise helps you manage your weight, ensures your heart receives the stimulation it requires to remain healthy and functioning and reduces your risk for numerous issues such as obesity, diabetes, cancer, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and heart attack. Exercise is thought to help depression and change the levels of certain chemicals in your brain to reduce stress, increase happiness, and help you feel better mentally and physically.
Eating a healthy diet high in fiber and protein and exercising 30 minutes a day can dramatically decrease your risk of developing health issues. Eat plenty of fiber

########
Rank: 7
Score: 57.70121
Retrieved Text: A diet built on a foundation of healthy food choices has plenty of benefits including weight loss, increased energy and disease prevention. A healthy diet allows you to eat unhealthy foods sometimes, provided you make the right choices most of the time. A healthy lifestyle is about balance, not deprivation.
1. Weight Loss. Eating healthy encourages weight loss because switching from unhealthy junk to healthy alternatives reduces calorie intake. Junk food is made up of empty calories: foods high in energy but low in nutrients such as vitamins, minerals, fiber and antioxidants. Making smarter food choices (replacing doughnuts, soda, candy, fruit juice and fast food with healthier choices such as fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, beans, lean meats and whole wheat bread/pasta) reduces calorie intake, leading to weight loss. Replacing bad foods with good ones is the easiest way to lower calorie intake; no calorie counting is required.
2. Energy. Healthy foods provide long lasting energy helping you perform optimally throughout the day. Junk food creates a big spike in energy followed by an equally big crash. Foods high in sugar cause these crashes because they are digested very quickly. Quick digestion floods the body with a large amount of energy in a short period of time. Healthy foods offer a much longer digestion time giving you a slower, more stable release of energy without the crash.
3. Gain Muscle. Too often, gaining weight/muscle is seen as a blank check to eat everything in sight. Gaining weight requires a combination of more food (calorie surplus) and strength training. Eating too

########
Rank: 8
Score: 57.686558
Retrieved Text: Getting adequate dietary fiber can help lower risk for heart disease, stroke, obesity, type 2 diabetes and some gastrointestinal disorders. Since fiber has all these health benefits, you would think most Americans would make an effort to get enough fiber in their diet.
However, it is estimated less than 5% of American adults get the recommended daily fiber intake.
How much fiber is enough per day? The recommended daily intake for fiber is 25 grams per day for most adult women and around 38 grams per day for adult men.
Fiber can be found from whole plant foods including: fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, seeds and legumes.
Most Americans probably don’t get enough fiber because their diet is higher in processed foods low in fiber such as: fast food, sugary beverages, packaged sweets and snacks.
Getting enough fiber can help lower risk for numerous medical conditions and also can help with weight loss and maintenance.
There are several studies that show an association between a high fiber intake and lowered risk for obesity (1).
Fiber helps increase satiety which can translate into lowered appetite for an extended period of time.
Fiber can also slow the absorption of glucose into the blood stream which can help lower the release of insulin.
Carbs have gotten a negative reputation for being a cause of gaining fat cells.
Eating a lot of sugary foods or beverages can send a huge influx of glucose into the blood stream.
This signal the body to release insulin from the pancreas.
Insulin’s job is to help move the glucose from the bloodstream into body cells for

########
Rank: 9
Score: 57.569252
Retrieved Text: It’s 2015 and there are tons of beauty products on the market that promote clearer skin with regular use. But aside from using products, you should also be mindful of what you eat. There are certain foods that will help fight bacteria infections, hydrate your skin from within and even reduce redness, but it’s important to know what you’re looking for first. Thankfully, we’ve got a list of best foods that will steer you in the direction of acne-free skin the next time you’re grocery shopping.
Warning: If your body doesn’t have ample amounts of vitamin A, it will start to produce excess lipids, which clog pores and can lead to pimples. To keep this from happening, keep things like carrots, sweet potatoes, cantaloupe and squash in your diet. Another good rule of thumb is to look for foods containing beta-carotene, which is converted into vitamin A when digested.
Fiber-rich foods are a must to include in your diet in general. But in case you were unaware, they can also help clear skin by removing toxins from the body and fight infections. To add fiber into your daily intake, look for good-for-you options, such as whole grains and legumes. There are also a bevy of fruits like raspberries and blackberries that are great sources.
Snack on foods that contain high levels of vitamin C to help clear up your skin and eliminate unwanted toxins. Kale, broccoli, strawberries and raspberries are all delicious options to add to your next shopping list.
If your skin has a serious case of dryness, try

########
Rank: 10
Score: 57.434402
Retrieved Text: Losing weight is a rather common point that impacts balanced eating habits for a lot of people. Though it's a fact that following a well-balanced and healthy diet will aid you to reduce weight or retain a good body weight, it is only one advantage. People who eat healthy and balanced diet might keep away from the possibility of getting serious medical conditions, for example diabetes, cardiovascular illnesses and even cancer. Make an effort to have a diet loaded in vegetables, fruits, whole grain products and also unsaturated fats.
Consume fruits, lean protein, vegetables and whole grain products as substitute for food products with large calorie and increased fat levels. It's necessary to stay inside the calorie range that you need to be able to maintain a stable weight. The fiber you receive from whole grains, vegetables and fruit enable you to satiate the urge for food quicker and you feel full for a longer time compared to foods loaded with sugar. You're less likely to go over your necessary calorie range the longer you're satiated.
Sweet foods, for example white bread, soda, juice and frozen sweets, cause increase in blood sugar. Although the body is made for regular glucose influx, after some time this could cause resistance of insulin, which in turn can trigger type 2 diabetes. Complex carbohydrates, such as oatmeal, wholegrain bread and brown grain, contribute to a slow release of sugar into the blood stream, which will support the process of regulating blood sugar level.
Continually eating food products that are full of fat can

########
Rank: 11
Score: 57.109142
Retrieved Text: Eating throughout the day I've found to be the quickest way to get fat. A well-balanced diet can include some higher calorie or indulgent treats.
You can also take a look at our healthy food guide to find out what types of food are included and how we select them. These ‘extra' foods do not fit into the food groups because they're not essential for our bodies. Nonetheless, this is just one potential health risk to take into consideration if you're still considering eating fish.
Examples include: % whole grain pasta, corn, quinoa, oats, brown rice, and % Climax Control recensioner iberoamericana.pl/kosttillskottforkillar.eu/climax-control/ whole wheat bread. Whole grains and cereals are great ways to get enough fiber in your diet and to add beneficial vitamins and minerals.
Protein helps your body heal, gives you energy, and more. Try to swap saturated fats with foods rich in unsaturated fats when you can. So today we're going to look at a few of the tips and tricks that I've found useful in sticking with a healthy diet.
This is why people who follow a higher-fiber diet that consists of mainly fruits and vegetables tend to have lower body-fat levels and smaller waist sizes than low-fiber eaters. They also recommend that you limit your intake of foods containing: Food is a part of everyday life.
A unique feature of this app is its barcode scanner, which scans food items directly into your account. Why not set yourself and your colleagues an eating at work challenge to make small, healthy changes to your diet. Eating too

########
Rank: 12
Score: 56.98668
Retrieved Text: Eating more fiber, fruits and vegetables can help prevent digestive problems.
Our diets can contribute to digestive system difficulties. Many people eat too much processed food and sugar, and not enough fiber, fruits, and vegetables. Poor eating habits, such as eating too quickly or skipping meals, can also be part of the problem. Many digestive problems can be prevented through lifestyle. Be sure to get adequate amounts of fruits, vegetables, and fiber.
Following are lists of healthy foods that may be incorporated into your diet. Some people with digestive system difficulties might find that they have problems after eating certain foods. Through a process of trial-and-error, you can find a variety of healthy foods to add to your diet.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 56.91883
Retrieved Text: Good nutrition is a vital part of staying healthy after an SCI. A nutritious and balanced diet helps you manage your weight. It provides you with the energy you need for daily activities. It keeps your body strong and as healthy as possible. And it helps reduce your risk of certain medical problems. For these reasons and more, it’s important to eat well every day. Your healthcare team will work with you to make a plan for healthy eating. It’s up to you to put that plan into action.
Healthy meals and snacks will help you control your weight.
Manage your weight. After an SCI, your body will burn calories more slowly than it did before. So, you will need to adjust how much you eat and what you eat to avoid becoming overweight. Staying at a healthy weight helps keep your body as healthy as possible. It also improves mobility, so you can perform more tasks on your own. Eating healthy is one of your best tools for managing your weight.
Prevent complications. A person with an SCI is at greater risk for developing skin sores called pressure ulcers. Nutritious foods (especially foods high in protein) help keep skin healthy and help make pressure ulcers less likely. Good nutrition also plays a role in preventing other issues, such as bowel problems (diarrhea and constipation), and loss of calcium in your bones (osteoporosis).
Eat a variety of foods. By including different types of foods in your diet, you can ensure that you’re getting the nutrients you need to stay healthy.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 56.611614
Retrieved Text: Boost your energy level the natural way rather than taking supplements and drinking excessive caffeine. Our body needs physical and mental energy to fight with diseases, function properly and perform various tasks on a daily basis. Studies have proven that infections and other diseases use a lot of energy. Mental activities like reading, learning a new skill or language, solving a problem, doing crossword puzzles etc. required energy as well. In fact brain cells need double the amount of energy as compared to other cells of the body. Worries and stress also consume a lot of energy.
Good quality sleep repairs your body and helps to recover from the stressful events therefore have a better sleep every night including the weekends rather than spending your night tossing and watching movies.
Manage your stress levels because stress consumes a lot of energy make you feel tired and exhausted.
Reduce high carb foods like sugary drinks, pasta, white bread and processed foods because such foods boost energy very fast and drop down with the same speed as your blood sugar level drops. The good choices are whole grains, brown rice, oats and nuts such foods provide steady energy to the body.
Drink plenty of water throughout the day that will keep you hydrated and help to maintain energy level.
Vitamin B12 is essential to produce red blood cells therefore eat Vitamin B12 rich foods like wild Salmon, Feta cheese, grass fed beef, eggs, cottage cheese and Sardines.
Green tea has antioxidant properties and helps to repair body cells therefore add it in your diet.
Regular

########
Rank: 15
Score: 56.29177
Retrieved Text: Natural Constipation Remedy With Guava : When we talk about constipation, Guava can be very useful natural remedy for the constipation. Taking guava regularly can go a long way to help you control and overcome constipation without making your intestines lose their natural abilities. It also help in increasing the hemoglobin and increases the luster of the face.
Fiber For Constipation: One of the best ways to get rid from constipation then eat the right foods. Eating a diet rich in fiber is important for regular bowel movements and guava is an excellent source of the dietary fiber. It is a fruit that is often ignored for other more exotic, expensive fruits. However, when you suffer from the constipation, it is a great option as it is inexpensive and tastes great. If you are looking for an effective natural remedy for constipation, you should definitely consider eating more guavas.
How Does Guava Help Treat Constipation: As mentioned earlier, guavas are rich in fiber, which is essential for relieving the constipation. It is the seeds of this tasty fruit that help to treat the problem, as they are effective laxatives. You can ingest them chewed or whole. The fruit, being able to function as a laxative and its richness in dietary fiber, helps in retaining water in the body and thoroughly cleaning your intestines and the excretory system. Guava also helps with the digestion, which is important for proper and regular bowel movements. When food does not get the digested properly, it will be unable to pass through the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 56.085842
Retrieved Text: When calculating net carbs, fiber doesn't count. This is great news for some people. Let's say you're eating a sandwich and you have to stay within a certain number of carb grams for it to be okay to eat. Let's say you look at the total number of carb grams and it's five more than you are allowed. That's so disappointing, isn't it? Wait, though, look at the fiber grams. Four per slice of bread did you say? Ah, that turns into eight total grams (two slices of bread) which brings your net carb count down by eight. You can eat your sandwich!
When you are working on a low carbohydrate diet, you will need to be able to calculate the net carbs. These carbs have an actual effect on your blood sugar level. There are other carbs, such as carbs from fiber and sugar alcohols, that don't have any effect on your blood sugar level. However, the carbs with no effect are still counted in the total number of carbs on the nutritional label.
This means that when you are figuring out how many carbs you are consuming that will affect your body, you need to subtract the fiber grams and the sugar alcohol grams. Low carbohydrate diets are concerned with net carbs, fiber, and sugar alcohols. Depending on what diet you are partaking in and what stage of the diet you are at, your net carb requirement will vary.
When calculating net carbs, fiber grams can make a huge difference depending on what you are eating. Fiber

########
Rank: 17
Score: 56.042473
Retrieved Text: We are often reminded how healthy fiber is. It sweeps our intestines clean, keeps us “regular” and fills us up before we can get to dessert. Or at least it is supposed to. We don’t question this just like we don’t question the notion that cholesterol causes heart attacks (or does it?).
Fruits, vegetables, beans and whole grains are loaded with a variety of fiber types, which are not always a good thing, at least for some. Are you often plagued by bloating, gas, cramping, constipation or diarrhea and perhaps acid reflux? Have you been diagnosed with IBS? IBD? Certain types of fiber and starch can abnormally ferment in the intestine of some people, leading to such digestive turmoil. This is not healthy.
Problem fibers and sugars are found in beans and peas; whole grains; apples, cherries and some other fruits; dairy and some veggies including onions, garlic, artichokes, Brussels sprouts and cauliflower.
The theory is this: bacteria from your colon have invaded your small intestine (the stop after your stomach). These organisms ferment the fiber and starch left undigested from your stomach. This produces gas, fluids and thus pressure, which can cause cramping, plus push acids up into your esophagus and slow down, or speed up, elimination.
Low fiber foods such as meats and seafood, fats along with certain fruits (ripe bananas, citrus, berries) and most non-starchy veggies do not feed these gas-producing bacteria and thus do not cause trouble.
If you eat a diet rich in beans, fruits and whole grains and you do not suffer digestive problems, fiber

########
Rank: 18
Score: 56.016132
Retrieved Text: Home > Articles > A Look at 4 Popular Diet Plans: Which Is Best for You?
The word diet doesn’t necessarily mean deprivation. It’s a term that you may hear and instantly associate with drinking detox drinks and eating rice cakes to lose weight. But that’s not the case. A diet is just a specific way of eating. Your diet is the food that you consume on a daily basis.
Which diet is best for you? What types of food should you be eating?
The good news is that there is no right or wrong answer to that question. Why? Because the best diet plan for you all depends on you! The diet you should follow is purely based on you as an individual. Your body is unique, and you need to take into account how the food interacts with your body. For example, do you have any digestive disorders or blood sugar issues? Or is weight loss your goal? Factors like this will determine what style of eating is best for your unique body and health. It’s not about what is popular at the moment or what diet your friend at the gym is doing. Learning about the different diets and making an informed decision about which one is right for your body is key to good health.
Some of the most common diets are the vegan, paleo, Mediterranean, and raw food diets. They are all different and unique in their own ways, so let’s break them down one by one.
The vegan diet consists of foods that do not

########
Rank: 19
Score: 55.942207
Retrieved Text: Eating healthfully also means avoiding foods with high amounts of added salt and sugar.
In this article, we look at the top 10 benefits of a healthful diet, as well as the evidence behind them.
There are many benefits to eating healthfully.
Whole vegetables and fruits are lower in calories than most processed foods. A person looking to lose weight should reduce their calorie intake to no more than what they require each day.
Determining an individual's calorie requirements is easy using dietary guidelines published by the United States government.
Maintaining a healthful diet free from processed foods can help a person to stay within their daily limit without having to count calories.
Fiber is one element of a healthful diet that is particularly important for managing weight. Plant-based foods contain plenty of dietary fiber, which helps to regulate hunger by making people feel fuller for longer.
An unhealthful diet can lead to obesity, which may increase a person's risk of developing cancer. Weighing within a healthful range may reduce this risk.
Also, in 2014, the American Society of Clinical Oncology reported that obesity contributed to a worse outlook for people with cancer.
However, diets rich in fruits and vegetables may help to protect against cancer.
In a separate study from 2014, researchers found that a diet rich in fruits reduced the risk of cancers of the upper gastrointestinal tract. They also found that a diet rich in vegetables, fruits, and fiber lowered the risk of colorectal cancer and that a diet rich in fiber reduced the risk of liver cancer.
Many phytochemicals found in fruits, vegetables,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 55.910393
Retrieved Text: 5 Reasons to Eat More Raw Food!
Vegetables, fruits, seeds, and beans are fiber rich foods and are associated with a number of health benefits including: weight control, cardiovascular health, disease fighting phytochemicals, and digestive health among many more.
Raw foods are low in calories, so incorporating more raw foods in your diet can help aid weight loss and help detoxify our bodies. However, our caloric needs may not be met through fruits and vegetables alone. To make sure you’re maintaining a healthy weight on a raw foods diet, it’s important to consume plenty of nuts, seeds, and avocado.
Certain vitamins in foods such as vitamin C and folate are destroyed by heat. Research shows that cooking foods like broccoli destroys its cancer fighting properties. And the advice that cooking tomatoes allows the body to more readily absorb lycopen? You can blend tomatoes for the same effect!
Raw foods contain a high water content which helps cool down your body and keep you hydrated. Snack on fresh fruits and vegetables like watermelon, cucumbers, pears, and leafy greens to stay energized during the summer months.
Since they are closer to their alive and natural states, raw foods can provide us with a higher quality of energy so we are ready to take on the day. And because of the high fiber content, eating raw veggies, nuts, seeds, and unprocessed,whole grains keeps your blood sugar and energy levels even throughout the day. No sugar spikes & crashes!
Raw foodists believe that heat destroys enzymes that are vital to our health, as well denatures other

########
Rank: 21
Score: 55.715076
Retrieved Text: South Beach Diet vs Keto for 2019 – Which Is Better?
There are many miracle low-carb eating plans out there but none seem to work as good as the two diets I will talk about in this comparative review.
Both South Beach and Keto diets are effective and even recommended by many nutritionists. Below, you will find their pros, cons, health benefits, and side effects.
The South Beach eating plan is a celebrity low-carb diet. However, unlike many other similar diets, South Beach isn’t just about restricting carbohydrate consumption. It is more about choosing the right fats and carbs. This program was developed to help heart patients lower their cholesterol level.
The South Beach Diet is a healthy eating approach that leads to weight loss and a balanced overall lifestyle. What most people like about it is that it provides a different perspective and helps food lovers shed those extra pounds without forcing them to make a lot of sacrifices. Compared to the Keto diet, South Beach is less strict so if you want to eat a certain amount of sugary products and carbs, this might be the perfect choice for your preferences.
There are three phases of this diet plan that you must follow. Each of these stages is supposed to serve a certain purpose in your weight loss journey.
This first part of the South Beach diet was created to reboot your body as well as your health. During this phase, you will eat low-carb and high-protein foods which will offer you a metabolic boost. Therefore, you will start losing

########
Rank: 22
Score: 55.686127
Retrieved Text: Posted under Parents' Articles. Updated 20 January 2017.
You may be wondering if there is anything in addition to taking medication that your daughter can do to feel better. Since healthy nutrition and exercise play an important role in maintaining overall health, choosing foods that are high in vitamins and minerals, and exercising each day will help keep her body healthy.
Is there a special diet for girls with endometriosis?
The good news is that we know that some foods can boost our immune system, which in turn, protects our bodies from some illnesses and diseases. Unfortunately, there is limited research on whether certain foods can help improve endometriosis symptoms. Some young women with endometriosis say they feel better when they eat a healthy diet, and some experts believe that eating certain foods can help endometriosis symptoms by lowering estrogen and reducing inflammation.
Experts recommend eating plenty of fiber, fewer saturated fats, and more omega–3 fats for overall health. These are healthy changes to make even if they don’t improve your daughter’s endometriosis symptoms.
Eat a high fiber diet that includes plenty of fruits, vegetables, beans, whole grains, and nuts.
Limit saturated fat by eating mostly plant–based foods, choosing low–fat dairy products, and selecting lean meats.
Eat more sources of omega–3 fats such as fish (salmon, mackerel, herring, and sardines), fish oil, canola oil, flaxseeds, walnuts, and pumpkin seeds.
How can I make sure that my daughter is getting all of the nutrients she needs?
Your daughter should aim to eat a balanced diet with lots of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, plant–based protein, lean

########
Rank: 23
Score: 55.665375
Retrieved Text: You can fight traveler’s constipation or diarrhea by following your normal diet and exercise routine, drinking plenty of water and getting rest.
Sometimes, when you’re traveling, it’s easy to fall into bad habits that can lead to digestive system problems such as constipation or diarrhea.
There are a lot of habits related to comfortable bowel movements. Just a change in your eating habits or what you drink can affect your digestive system. Even a change in the bathroom that you use that isn’t your own or is public can cause anxiety for some people because it takes them out of their regular routine.
Thus, maintaining your regular eating and drinking habits as much as possible while traveling or staying in a new place is the best way to maintain regularity and avoid or treat constipation and diarrhea.
1. Drink plenty of water and clear fluids. This may not completely relieve constipation if you have it, but it can at least soften stools so they are easier to pass.
One of the causes of constipation is dehydration, so drinking water, fruit juice or clear liquids will keep you hydrated. Avoid drinking a lot of alcoholic or caffeinated beverages, since both also dehydrate you.
2. Eat enough fiber. Make sure you eat high-fiber foods such as dried or fresh fruit, fresh vegetables and whole grain crackers, cereals, beans and bread. Remember that the recommended amounts are 2 1/2 cups of vegetables and 2 cups of fruit every day.
You can carry things for breakfast such as flax seeds or high-fiber cereals, so that you have

########
Rank: 24
Score: 55.611965
Retrieved Text: There’s nothing worse than feeling like your stomach is some kind of bottomless pit. Whether you’re trying to lose weight or maintain your current figure, always feeling hungry can make your weight goals a lot more challenging. While feeling hungry is a natural biological process, constantly feeling the need to eat can lead to detrimental eating habits and other unhealthy lifestyle choices. Luckily, persistent hunger isn’t some curse that is impossible to overcome. Check out these reasons why you might always feel hungry and how some simple changes can help to keep your hunger at bay.
Find out why sleep is important for more than just energy.
Having a healthy diet that includes protein is an essential part of appetite control. Consuming appropriate amounts of protein helps to increase the production of hormones that signal you are full while simultaneously decreasing the hormones that make you feel hungry. In one study, 12 men who ate 25% of their calories in the form of protein experienced a 50% reduction in their urge to snack over a 12-week period.
However, consuming protein doesn’t always mean eating meat. You can add protein to your diet in the form of various dairy products such as milk and yogurt as well as plant-based options such as nuts and seeds.
Sleep is all around one of the most basic aspects to living a healthy lifestyle. Besides providing your body and mind with much-needed energy, it helps to strengthen you immune system and even decreases the risks of chronic illnesses. Furthermore, it aids in appetite control as

########
Rank: 25
Score: 55.52569
Retrieved Text: For a healthy successful diet, it is very important to fill your pantry and fridge with foods that can nourish your body. Choosing foods for weight loss program may be little bit confusing, because not all calories are created equally each food per serving.
It is a must-have part in your diet strategy to have clean eating foods. You can shed the pounds and reduce inches of your wears simply by consuming the best foods which are best for your body.
Clean eating means choosing mostly whole foods or foods with minimal process to consume. So you avoid eating more processed food. The more natural and home made foods are better.
The low fate cheese with macaroni you prepare yourself at home will be a perfect friend for weight loss program.
Besides clean eating foods, you also must have the clean eating menu planner. It can help you mapping many kinds of foods you must purchase when shopping in groceries.
Pick up the best foods and store it your pantry, here are the list of 15 best weight loss foods you must consume to keep on hand.
Avocado is a kind of superfood containing lots of healthy fat. It also contains the healthy monounsaturated fats (MUFas) which function to satisfy your appetite.
It works by telling your brain that your are full. You can make the avocado breakfast toast every morning. Consider to make avocado juice with less sugar for snacking, avocado breakfast pizzas, and grilled chicken and avocado tacos. Those taste great.
In a piece of apple, it contains pectin and also a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 55.304512
Retrieved Text: Eating foods that are good for you is important for general health. When it comes to being sick, there are things that help your body to recover more quickly or to prevent significant illness from causing a worse reaction. There are certain foods that can boost the body’s immunity and ability to fight off an illness quickly.
Eating a balanced diet is important to staying healthy, as that helps the immune system and the other systems of the body to function optimally. However, there are certain foods that should be included in your diet particularly during flu season or at times when you are ill. These foods give your body a bigger boost then normal, and that is important when it is already attempting to fight infection.
Garlic contains allicin, which helps boost the immune system. This makes fighting off infection more effective and allows the body to recover quickly from an illness, compared to when the body does not have allicin. This also helps decrease the body’s risk of cancer, which is important to many people.
Healthy bacteria are present in yogurt. While it is possible to get these in supplement form, it is also less effective in that manner. When you eat the live cultures found in yogurt, your intestines are cleaned of bacteria that can cause infection. They also help with the bacteria that impacts the stomach.
When chicken is cooked, cysteine is released. When cooked as soup and the broth is kept, this provides a block against white cells that are inflammed, which typically move to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 55.08547
Retrieved Text: Eating a diet high in foods that are good for your heart means eating foods that contain nutrients that boost heart health. Foods high in Omega3 fatty acids, magnesium, vitamin D, folic acid, CoQ10 and potassium are heart healthy nutrients, so finding foods high in these can help you keep your heart safe and healthy. Each of these is also important for other body functions, so even if you don’t have a heart problem, they’ll still provide a great deal of benefit.
Omega3 fatty acids are important, but so is balancing them with Omega6 fatty acids.
The American diet is far too laden with Omega6 fatty acid. The ideal ratio is one part Omega3 to four parts Omega6. The average American diet is one part Omega3 to twelve to twenty-five parts Omega6. Not only does that make for bad heart health, studies show that it also can cause other distress. One study shows that violence was cut by far more than half in a prison when the diet included more Omega3. The body doesn’t produce this essential fatty acid, so it’s important to get it in your diet. Fatty fish such as salmon, herring or flaxseeds and other seeds and nuts can provide this heart healthy nutrient.
The sunshine vitamin isn’t always available.
Vitamin D deficiency can make you at risk for heart disease. It helps regulate your blood pressure and does many other things for the body. While you can get adequate vitamin D from exposure to the sun and giving the body the elements it requires to create

########
Rank: 28
Score: 55.03213
Retrieved Text: The Simple Steps to Success plan combines a basic eating plan that researchers agree is conducive to healthy weight lose with proven Melaleuca products to support and enhance your efforts.
Go from 3 big meals a day to 3 smaller meals and 2 snacks.
How does this help you lose weight? Eating 3 smaller meals and 2 substantial snacks has some big benefits that tie to weight loss. Eating this way can boost the rate at which you burn calories, make it easier for your body to absorb the nutrients, and help stabilize your blood sugar levels over the course of the day.
Thanks to those benefits, you’ll feel more in control of your eating, you’ll experience fewer cravings and you’ll naturally burn calories faster–3 keys to healthy weight loss!
What is a smart eating choice?
Complex carbohydrates, not simple carbohydrates. Fiber-rich foods. Whole grains over-processed. Monounsaturated fats. And water. Think of food as fuel–put the right kind into your body and you’ll get the results you want.
A smart eating choice is also when you eat–and when you don’t. Eating the right foods at the right times of day not only gives you the right kind of fuel, but keeps you from getting those hard-to-ignore cravings for junk food.
GC Control helps you manage your healthy blood sugar–and managing your blood sugar can help you lose weight. That’s because your blood sugar levels help determine whether you’re in fat reduction mode or fat storage mode.
How does this help you lose weight? By supporting healthy insulin levels while providing added protein and fiber,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 54.961136
Retrieved Text: Eating a nutritious diet comes with many benefits. It helps you maintain a healthy weight, reduces your risk of developing chronic diseases and can aid your body to feel better overall. Choosing to follow a whole foods diet can also help you nurture your body back to its most natural state, the way God created you when he put you on this earth. That means cutting out processed foods, refined sugars and even minimizing meat, dairy and egg consumption. By following a whole foods diet, you can restore your health and reap the endless benefits that aid healthy aging.
According to WebMD, the past 10 years of research conducted by scientists have proven there are hundreds of biologically active plant-food components, also known as phytonutrients. These nutrients include a powerful antioxidant called lycopene, which is found mainly in tomatoes. Another antioxidant, pterostilbene, helps cells break down fats and cholesterol and is found in berries. These powerful phytonutrients can only be found in plant foods in their natural, unprocessed form, which makes for an excellent reason to switch to a whole foods diet.
Berries are rich in phytonutrients.
Many processed foods lack richness in fiber, while many whole foods are chock-full of the stuff. Fiber is beneficial in a number of ways – it helps you feel fuller faster, which keeps you from overeating. It also helps keep your GI tract moving and can even reduce your chance of developing heart disease and diabetes. Some high-fiber health foods Heath magazine suggested eating include beans – white, black, kidney and Garbanzo;

================



======= Instance Index 479 =========
Input Text: When the Earth's Northern axis is tilted away from the Sun the amount of daylight is

Which is the correct answer?
- brighter
- lengthened
- shortened
- turned back

Target Text: shortened

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 63.324535
Retrieved Text: AAAS Science Assessment ~ Ideas ~ The orientation of earth's axis of rotation with respect to the sun changes as the earth moves around the sun.
Key Idea: The orientation of earth's axis of rotation with respect to the sun changes as the earth moves around the sun.
The earth moves in a nearly circular path around the sun over the course of one year, approximately 365 days.
The earth’s axis of rotation is tilted about 23.5° relative to a line that is perpendicular to the plane formed by earth’s circular path around the sun.
As the earth moves around the sun and it rotates on its axis, its axis always points to the same place in the sky.
Since the earth’s axis is tilted relative to the plane of its path around the sun and the angle at which it is tilted does not change as the earth moves around the sun over the course of a year, the orientation of the earth with respect to the sun changes gradually and continually over the year.
Changes in the orientation of the earth with respect to the sun can be described by changes in the angle formed by a line between the north pole and the center of the earth and the line from the center of the sun to the center of the earth. This angle continually changes as the earth moves along its path around the sun. The angle is largest on the same day in late December each year, when the north pole is tilted away from the sun

########
Rank: 1
Score: 58.813366
Retrieved Text: The change between day and night is caused by the rotation of the Earth on its axis. If the Earth did not rotate as it does, the day/night cycle would be very different or possibly even nonexistent. The changing lengths of days and nights depends on where you are on Earth and the time of year. Also, daylight hours are affected by the tilt of the Earth's axis and its path around the sun.
Length of a Rotation A solar day, 24 hours, is the time it takes for the Earth to rotate exactly once so that the sun appears at the same place in the sky the next day. However, the Earth is also moving around the sun, and this movement makes measuring the day somewhat complicated. The actual time of one Earth rotation is a little shorter – about 23 hours and 56 minutes. Astronomers discovered this by observing the time it took for a star to appear in the same place in the sky the following day, and they called this a sidereal day.
Longer and Shorter Days Although a solar day is 24 hours, not every day has 12 hours of daylight and 12 hours of night. Daytime is shorter in winter than in summer. This is because the Earth’s imaginary axis isn’t straight up and down, it is tilted 23.5 degrees. As the Earth moves around the sun during a year, the northern half of the Earth is tilted towards the sun in the summer, making daytime longer than night. In winter, this

########
Rank: 2
Score: 56.472603
Retrieved Text: For a listing of the dates and times of solstices and equinoxes through 2025, page down.
There are only two times of the year when the Earth's axis is tilted neither toward nor away from the sun, resulting in a "nearly" equal amount of daylight and darkness at all latitudes. These events are referred to as Equinoxes.The word equinox is derived from two Latin words - aequus (equal) and nox (night). At the equator, the sun is directly overhead at noon on these two equinoxes. The "nearly" equal hours of day and night is due to refraction of sunlight or a bending of the light's rays that causes the sun to appear above the horizon when the actual position of the sun is below the horizon. Additionally, the days become a little longer at the higher latitudes (those at a distance from the equator) because it takes the sun longer to rise and set. Therefore, on the equinox and for several days before and after the equinox, the length of day will range from about 12 hours and six and one-half minutes at the equator, to 12 hours and 8 minutes at 30 degrees latitude, to 12 hours and 16 minutes at 60 degrees latitude.
The summer solstice occurs at the moment the earth's tilt toward from the sun is at a maximum. Therefore, on the day of the summer solstice, the sun appears at its highest elevation with a noontime position that changes very little for several days before and after the summer solstice. The summer solstice

########
Rank: 3
Score: 55.857464
Retrieved Text: This year, the summer solstice will fall on June 21 in the Northern Hemisphere. The summer solstice is the time when the sun rises to its highest point at noon, and it falls on the day during which there is the longest period of daylight. For this reason, the summer solstice also is often known as "the longest day of the year." From the summer solstice until the winter solstice, the period of daylight on each day will continue to get shorter.
The solstices are special days because they are easy times to calculate the angle of the tilt of the Earth's axis (known as the axial tilt).The fact that the Earth spins along a tilted axis is the reason why there are solstices (and why there are seasons!). This summer solstice, take the time to head outside with a measuring stick and some graph paper and follow the instructions for calculating the Earth's Tilt to investigate the Earth's axial tilt yourself. Summer break is a great time to do some at-home learning, and since there are many misconceptions surrounding why the seasons exist, this activity is a great way to engage kids in scientific inquiry of an important topic.
To explore this topic further, take a look at the Tilted Earth Science Update and the Measuring Shadows lesson. Be sure to check out our Four Seasons lesson and our Earth Science Week collection for more materials on teaching the seasons, too.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 55.082714
Retrieved Text: 1 If you are like most people living on Earth, you experience four different seasons throughout the year. What each season means to you depends on where you live. To you, winter might mean building snowmen or going ice skating. It could also mean temperatures around sixty degrees. Spring may mean sunshine and melting snow. It might also mean clouds and thunderstorms. For many, summer begins in the month of June. However, in some parts of the world, summer begins in December!
2 Why do we have four seasons here on Earth? Why do the four seasons mean different things in different parts of the world? There is more to understanding the seasons than you might think. You need to know about astronomy and geography. To really understand the seasons, you have to look at Earth from space. You need to understand how the Earth is arranged in space, how it spins, and how it orbits around the sun. All of these things are important in understanding why Earth has four seasons. If you look at the Earth from space, you will see that it is tilted. Earth's axis is not vertical. The North Pole is not at the top of the Earth. The Earth's axis is tilted approximately 23.5 degrees. This tilt is what creates the four seasons. As the Earth moves around the sun during the year, the direction in which the axis is pointing changes. Sometimes the North Pole is tilted toward the sun. Sometimes it is tilted away from the sun.
3 The equator

########
Rank: 5
Score: 50.31168
Retrieved Text: Explanation: On Saturn, the rings tell you the season. On Earth, today marks a solstice, the time when the Earth's spin axis tilts directly toward the Sun. On Earth's northern hemisphere, today is the Summer Solstice, the day of maximum daylight. Since Saturn's grand rings orbit along the planet's equator, these rings appear most prominent -- from the direction of the Sun -- when the Saturn's spin axis points toward the Sun. Conversely, when Saturn's spin axis points to the side, an equinox occurs and the edge-on rings are hard to see. In the featured montage, images of Saturn over the past 11 years have been superposed to show the giant planet passing from southern summer toward northern summer. Although Saturn will only reach its northern summer solstice in 2017 May, the image of Saturn most analogous to today's Earth solstice is the bottommost one.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.8828
Retrieved Text: Professor Astronomy's Astronomy Blog: It's summer!
Wrong: Earth's distance from the sun causes the seasons. Most people think that the Earth is closer to the sun in the summer and further away in the winter, and this changing distance is what causes the seasons. It is true that the distance between the sun and the Earth changes, and that distance changes from to 91.3 million miles to 94.4 million miles. But the Earth is closest to the sun in early January, and furthest from the sun in July, almost exactly backwards from what most people in the Northern Hemisphere think! Also, remember that the northern and southern hemispheres of the Earth have opposite seasons, which would not be true if the Earth-Sun distance were responsible for Earth's seasons.
In short, the Earth-Sun distance does not cause the seasons.
Correct answer: Earth's tilt causes the seasons. The Earth is not straight up and down with respect to the sun. (Stated more scientifically, Earth's rotation axis is inclined, or tilted, with respect to its orbit). Our north pole is pointed in a direction toward Polaris, the North Star. And it always points in that direction. As the Earth orbits the sun, sometimes that direction is toward the sun, and sometimes it is away from the sun. On the summer solstice (today!), the Earth's North Pole is pointed as close to the sun as it can get. On the winter solstice (around December 22), the North Pole is pointed as far away from the sun as it can get.
So, why does this

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.614925
Retrieved Text: Pageants Before Christmas: The Winter Solstice Makes Time : 13.7: Cosmos And Culture Why do we celebrate Christmas just a few days after the winter solstice when almost no one thinks Jesus was born on December 25th?
Newgrange: A monument to the winter solstice.
Why do we celebrate Christmas just a few days after the winter solstice when almost no one thinks Jesus was born on December 25th? Is the astronomical connection with Christianity's high holy day a fluke or an ancient cynical political calculation. Or, more importantly, does it point us to a deeper truth now almost entirely lost in a world alienated from its own most intimate experience of the night sky?
Before we answer that question we must stop for a word from our solar system.
What, exactly is the winter solstice? The winter and summer solstices mark the poles of Earth's temporal cycle as it marches around the Sun. Our planet's spin axis is tilted 23 degrees relative to the line linking us with our Star (that line defines the plane of our orbit as we sweep around Sol). Since the spin axis direction remains fixed relative to the stars (i.e. it points for now towards Polaris, the "North Star"), the duration of daylight changes as the Earth moves around the Sun. In the northern hemisphere the Earth's axis is tilted towards the Sun in the summer and we have long days (more hours of sunlight). Likewise the axis is tilted away from the Sun in the northern hemisphere in the winter and we have short

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.6071
Retrieved Text: This diagram shows the position of the Earth, in relation to the Sun, at the time of the Summer Solstice, as well as the other solstice and equinoxes of the year. This year, June's Full Moon occurs on the day of the Summer Solstice in the Western Hemisphere.
This year, the beginning of Summer in the Northern Hemisphere is marked with a Full Moon. Both astronomical events occur on the same calendar date in the Western Hemisphere.
For 2016, the season of Summer begins in Earth's Northern Hemisphere (and the season of Winter begins in the Southern Hemisphere) at the moment of the June Solstice: Monday Evening, 2016 June 20 at 6:34 p.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time (EDT) / 22:34 Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). The actual time of Full Moon occurs Monday morning at 7:02 a.m. EDT / 11:02 UTC, the time of the posting of this blog post. Although, technically, the Moon will be in the Waning Gibbous Phase at the moment of the Summer Solstice, it will, of course, look quite full.
A honey-hued-color Full Moon (particularly at extreme northern latitudes) in June, particularly around the time of the Summer Solstice, is considered the "Honey-Moon." This honey-hued effect is due to the Full Moon traveling low in the sky, very close to the southern horizon, throughout the night.
This may have led to the traditional term of "Honey-Moon," as weddings were traditionally held in June when the good weather days of Summer would begin. The term "Honey-Moon" can be traced as far back as 1552. At that time,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 47.32846
Retrieved Text: Spring Equinox. What makes today so special?
Today Wednesday 20th March, marks the spring equinox, the midway point between mid-winter and mid-summer.
If the axis of the earth was at 90° or perpendicular to the plane of its orbit, our planet would be very different.
Sunrise and sunset would occur at the same time every single day.
We would also have no seasons and there would be a huge impact on weather patterns around the globe.
The reason that that is not the case is because the earth is tilted by 23.5 degrees in relation to its plane of orbit. It’s that tilt which gives rise to the seasons.
In the northern hemisphere summer we’re tilted towards the sun and in winter away from it.
However the equinox is an important staging post on the annual orbit of the earth around the sun, particularly if you live at 54.5°N like we do in Ireland.
In Ireland on the winter solstice, 21 December 2018, there were seven hours and 15 minutes of daylight.
On the summer solstice this year, 24 June, the sun will rise at 04:48 (BST) and set at 22:04 (BST), giving Ireland 17 hours and 16 minutes of daylight.
By contrast in Singapore – which is is just 1°N of the equator – the shortest day was 12 hours and three minutes of daylight, and the longest just nine minutes more.
During an equinox the earth’s north and south poles are not tilted towards or away from the sun and the duration of daylight is theoretically the same at all points on the earth’s surface.
Hence

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.869015
Retrieved Text: What effect does Earth's orbit have on climate change? Is the Earth in a warming or cooling orbital phase? All your questions answered.
May 25, 2012, 8:49 p.m.
Climate science is complicated business, and understanding the extent to which climate change is man-made also requires an understanding of Earth's powerful natural cycles. One of those natural cycles involves Earth's orbit and its complicated dance with the sun.
The first thing you need to know about Earth's orbit and its effect on climate change is that orbital phases occur over tens of thousands of years, so the only climate trends that orbital patterns might help explain are long-term ones.
Even so, looking at Earth's orbital cycles can still offer some invaluable perspective on what is happening in the short term. Most notably, you might be surprised to learn that Earth's current warming trend is happening in spite of a relatively cool orbital phase. It's therefore possible to better appreciate the high degree that anthropogenic warming must be taking place in contrast.
Many people might be surprised to learn that Earth's orbit around the sun is much more complicated than the simple diagrams studied in childhood science classrooms. For instance, there are at least three major ways that Earth's orbit varies over the course of millennia: its eccentricity, its obliquity and its precession. Where the Earth is within each of these cycles has a significant effect on the amount of solar radiation — and thus, warmth — that the planet gets exposed to.
Unlike what is portrayed in many diagrams of the solar system,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.34936
Retrieved Text: Eight planets circle the Sun. These planets are the only ones in the universe that are currently visible from Earth with enough detail to study their seasons. Several forces govern the seasons of our solar system's planets. If a planet is tilted on its axis, it is more likely to have a distinct seasonal cycle. Also, if a planet has a variable distance from the sun, it is more likely to experience distinct seasons. Though every planet in our solar system experiences some seasonal changes, several planets experience only negligible changes.
Mercury is a planet of extreme motion. First, it has a strange rotation cycle. It rotates three times in two of its years. Mercury's orbit is also eccentric. It follows a highly elliptical path around the sun. This makes the Sun's journey through Mercury's sky very different than its journey through Earth's sky. From Mercury, the sun to appears to go backward sometimes. Last, Mercury's axis is almost perpendicular to the plane of its orbit around the Sun. All this erratic movement makes it impossible to tell the start or finish to any season on Mercury.
Venus's axis is only slightly tilted. Earth's axis is tilted 23.5 degrees, but Venus is only titled 3 degrees. This lack of tilt means the planet's surfaces receive a uniform amount of the Sun's energy. Though Venus has seasons, there is little change from one to the next. Venus also has a much shorter orbit than Earth, making its seasons very brief. Last, Venus is covered with a thick blanket of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.83561
Retrieved Text: Summer solstice is Thursday. This is what it is.
Summer solstice: What is it and why does it happen?
Long, hot summer days have nothing to do with being closer to the sun. What is heating up Cincinnati, then? And what's going on Thursday?
The days have been getting longer as summer draws nearer, and Thursday is scientifically due to be the longest day of the year, known as the summer solstice. But why are summer days longer, anyway?
To answer this, we need to start with a simpler question: Why has it been so darn hot lately?
And no, it's not because we are closer to the sun in the summer. Rookie mistake.
Actually, the earth is farthest from the sun in July. Our distance from the sun, in general, is so great that the slight shifts towards and away from the sun during orbit doesn't really affect our weather at all, according to NASA.
Instead of sun proximity, the seasons depend on the earth's spin axis, said Miami University associate professor of astronomy and physics Stephen Alexander.
Our earth is tilted at a 23.5-degree angle. This means that at any given time, different parts of the earth are receiving different amounts of direct sunlight, depending on where earth is in its orbit around the sun. More direct sunlight means more energy, and thus more heat.
Alexander said that in a summer in Ohio, the north pole is pointing towards the sun and the south pole is tipped away. This creates a higher arc during the summer months, making our days longer and hotter.
This

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.65763
Retrieved Text: What does summer solstice mean?
Today, June 20, 2016 marks the summer solstice, or the longest day of the year in the northern hemisphere. The sun’s rays are directly over the Tropic of Cancer, right at 23.5° N, at 6:34 pm ET.
Depending on where you are, there could be about 12 hours between sunrise and sunset closer to the equator or up to 24 hours in the Arctic Circle.
This extra daylight results from the fact that our planet spins on an axis of about 23.5°. During the year as the Earth travels around the sun, a larger portion of the planet is tilted closer to or farther away from the sun, which is why we have the four seasons.
← Hey it’s Father’s Day!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.650337
Retrieved Text: It might sound crazy, but if you lived right at the north pole of the Earth, you would only see one sunrise and one sunset every year.
Since the Earth is tilted in space in respect to the sun, between mid-March and mid-September, the northern half of the Earth is tilted more towards the sun. The rest of the year, it is tilted more away from the sun.
This means closer you are to the north pole, the longer the sun is up in the sky during the warmer months. If you’re right at the north pole, the sun is up for a full 6 months (followed by 6 months of darkness).
Where the sun never sets?
But there may be places in the solar system where the sun never sets—like on the moon, for example.
This is of special interest to space explorers if they ever want to set up some sort of moon base. If we ever manage to set up a moon base where people could live, many obstacles need to be overcome.
Aside from the moon having no breathable air, no liquid water, and no Earth-like magnetosphere to block deadly radiation from the Sun, some of the biggest obstacles are the extreme temperatures and variations of sunlight on the moon.
When the sun sets, the temperature dips down to a bone-chilling -240º F (yes, that’s below 0º, over 3 times colder than the south pole in winter on Earth). This period of nighttime also lasts about two weeks.
Surviving on the lunar surface will take energy to run all our

########
Rank: 15
Score: 44.795456
Retrieved Text: Something for Everyone: A Solstice, Monday Night!
At 04:48 UTC Tuesday morning (or 23:48 Monday night Eastern U.S. time), the Earth’s north polar axis will be tipped as far away from the Sun as it will be all year. This means the Sun will reach its most southern position on the sky. It also means we have the day with the least amount of daylight in it,* and the longest night.
In other words, it’s the winter solstice (or, out of respect for southern hemisphereans, the December solstice).
I described this in some detail last year at this time, so if you want more info, check that out.
But, there’s something I want to note: You’d think that if the amount of daylight is shortest on the solstice, then you’d have the latest sunrise and earliest sunset, right? But actually, it’s a bit more complicated than that.
For example, in Boulder, Colorado, the earliest sunset already happened, sometime around Dec. 8 or so, when it set at 4:36 p.m. But the latest sunrise still hasn’t happened yet: That’ll be around Jan. 4 of next year.
This is true everywhere in the Northern Hemisphere, though the exact numbers and dates depend on your latitude. But it’s caused by two things: The Earth’s axis is tilted, and the Earth’s orbit isn’t a perfect circle. These two situations interact in an unusual and not necessarily intuitive way, changing the dates of the latest sunrise and earliest sunset by a week or so around the December solstice. I wrote a post describing it a while back,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.52577
Retrieved Text: The declination angle, denoted by δ, varies seasonally due to the tilt of the Earth on its axis of rotation and the rotation of the Earth around the sun. If the Earth were not tilted on its axis of rotation, the declination would always be 0°. However, the Earth is tilted by 23.45° and the declination angle varies plus or minus this amount. Only at the spring and fall equinoxes is the declination angle equal to 0°. The rotation of the Earth around the sun and the change in the declination angle is shown in the animation below.
Animation showing how the tilt angle changes from the summer solstice in the northern hemisphere (or winter in the southern hemisphere) to the northern hemisphere winter solstice (summer in the south).
The declination of the sun is the angle between the equator and a line drawn from the centre of the Earth to the centre of the sun. The seasonal variation of the declination angle is shown in the animation below.
Despite the fact that the Earth revolves around the sun, it is simpler to think of the sun revolving around a stationary Earth. This requires a coordinate transformation. Under this alternative coordinate system, the sun moves around the Earth.
The declination is zero at the equinoxes (March 22 and September 22), positive during the northern hemisphere summer and negative during the northern hemisphere winter. The declination reaches a maximum of 23.45° on June 22 (summer solstice in the northern hemisphere) and a minimum of -23.45° on December 21-22 (winter solstice in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 43.702724
Retrieved Text: Home > Haith's Wildlife Blog > First day of autumn: The autumn equinox falls in the northern hemisphere on 23 September.
First day of autumn: The autumn equinox falls in the northern hemisphere on 23 September.
What triggers autumn and where does the sun go between now and spring? (And what does that all mean for wildlife?).
The equinox is apparently triggered when the Earth’s axis isn’t tilted towards or away from the Sun. As for where the sun goes, the answer to that is a little like reading a good book; endings are almost always connected to beginnings – in other words, our (the northern hemisphere’s) loss of the sun’s summer rays is the gain of the southern hemisphere as September signals the beginning of spring.
For the UK, we lose daylight hours and we experience cooler weather, but we rarely, thankfully, feel the extremes of the equinox; however, what does the equinox mean for inhabitants of the two geographical extremes: the North & South Pole?
South Pole inhabitants are likely to be happier than those in the North Pole as they’re going to soon be celebrating the first appearance of the sun for six months. Whereas North Pole inhabitants are about to wave goodbye to the sun as they prepare for six months of darkness. You can now see why birds head south for winter. What does all of that mean for resident wildlife?
Days with less daylight shorten the foraging window for wildlife - there’s less time to source and secure a supply of good food. Any food is

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.78536
Retrieved Text: The seasons are caused by the tilt of the Earth's rotational axis away or toward the sun as it travels through its year-long path around the sun.
The Earth has a tilt of 23.5 degrees relative to the "ecliptic plane" (the imaginary surface formed by it's almost-cicular path around the sun). The tilt toward the sun is maximized during Northern Hemisphere summer in late June (the "summer solstice"). At this time, the amount of sunlight reaching the Northern Hemisphere is at a maximum.
In late December, on the date of the "winter solstice", the Earth's tilt away from the sun is maximized, leading to a minimum of sunlight reaching the Northern Hemisphere. The seasons, of course, are reversed in the Southern Hemisphere.
During the winter, cold air masses build up over North America, Europe, and Asia, due to the low intensity of sunlight. The oceanic air masses are much less affected by the seasons because circulations in the upper ocean replenish warm surface water if it has been cooled.
The strong temperature contrast between the cold air masses over land and the relatively warmer air masses over the ocean lead to extratropical (non-tropical) cyclone formation (low pressure). These storms are thus much more frequent and intense in the winter than in the summer.
The sun is actually closest to the Earth during Northern Hemisphere winter (not summer). Thus, the amount of sunlight averaged over the whole Earth, is as much as 7% more intense in the winter than the summer. Despite this fact, the global-average surface temperature is warmer in Northern

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.80452
Retrieved Text: CLIMATE AND wEATHER are not synonymous. Weather is the condition that prevails at a given moment and may change within days or even hours. At moments of meteorological fluidity, weather can change in minutes. Weather is variable, whereas climate is constant under ordinary circumstances. This is so because climate is the average of weather over long durations. Climate may change rapidly, as it did at the end of the Cretaceous era, but the circumstances that change climate rapidly are unusual. When climate changes rapidly Earth is in crisis. At the end of the Cretaceous, for example, a gigantic meteor impacted Earth, ejecting a huge cloud of debris and dust and touching off widespread forest fires. The debris, dust, and ash from this catastrophe blocked out sunlight, cooling Earth. These are not ordinary circumstances and most of the time, climate holds steady.
Climate arises from the interaction of several factors: latitude, proximity to oceans or mountains, altitude, radiation from the Sun, ocean currents, wind, continental drift, the greenhouse effect, volcanic activity, radioactivity of Earth's core, photosynthesis, transpiration, eccentricity of Earth's orbit around the sun, the tilt of Earth's axis, rainfall, and the reflection of sunlight from clouds, snow, and ice. Earth has many climates, ranging from desert to lush rainforest. Temperature and rainfall vary widely by locale. Near the equator, the range of temperatures is small and rainfall abundant. Away from the equator, temperatures and rainfall vary considerably. Humans have adapted to many climates. In contrast, many other animals are adapted to a single climate, and change threatens

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.467125
Retrieved Text: You cannot feel or hear the world turning. It does not rumble through space. But you can see it turn with your own eyes every day and night. And, with patience, you can see Earth travel around the Sun.
As the globe turns and night falls, stars appear to travel from east to west across the night sky. Or do they?
How stars move across the sky is a touch more complicated than you may first imagine. And the motion of the stars tells us about our place on the world and our travels around the Sun.
We live on a spinning globe, and as we turn different swathes of the universe come into view. However, what you see depends on where you are.
Almost directly above the North Pole is the star Polaris. As the world turns on its axis, Polaris remains above the North Pole. If you had the misfortune of being at the North Pole in midwinter, Polaris would be a constant companion overhead.
Imagine an alien looking down from Polaris at Earth. What would they see? They would see Earth’s Northern Hemisphere, spinning anticlockwise around the North Pole. A Polarisian would never see Earth’s Southern Hemisphere, with its red Australian deserts and frozen Antarctic wastes.
Who can see Polaris from Earth? People across the Northern Hemisphere can see Polaris, and it never rises nor sets.
However, while Polaris is high in the sky when viewed from inside the Arctic circle, as you move towards the Equator, Polaris gets closer and closer to the northern horizon. If you travel into

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.430412
Retrieved Text: What would happen to us if the Earth suddenly stopped rotating? Would we be thrown off it, or would our lives even be affected at all by the change? ScienceStruck explains exactly what will happen in this case.
The rotation of the Earth is slowing down over time, due to being tidally locked with the Moon. But the reduction is extremely slow. In the last 100 years, an average day has shortened by 1.7 milliseconds. Though that may sound scary, let me assure you that more than 2000 milliseconds may have gone in the short time in which you took a breath! So while the Earth is actually slowing down, it will take a millennium for it to slow down by even a single second!
So, all in all, this is a purely hypothetical discussion. But it's an interesting one, it must be said!
The fundamental question is why does the Earth even spin in the first place? This question is a tough cracker, and has no irrefutable answer. Earth was created in a dust cloud billions of years ago, and the only plausible answer is that it is spinning because it has no external resistance. It had been spinning when it was formed, and since nature is extremely lazy (in scientific terms, it tries to maintain inertia), the Earth had no reason to stop spinning.
If the Earth stopped by gradually slowing down and coming to a halt over billions of years, the effects wouldn't be felt as drastically, since the conditions would have adapted to the intermediate steps.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.35611
Retrieved Text: Now reading: PI kids are asking: What’s up with seasons?
It might be tempting to think that the seasons are caused by the Earth’s changing distance from the sun: that in summertime, the air feels warmer because we’re closer to the sun, and that the coldness of winter is because we are farther from the sun’s toasty rays. This seems to make sense at first, but it turns out to be a common misconception. It is true that the Earth’s orbit is slightly elliptical – that is, it doesn’t go around the sun in a perfect circle. If you’re from Canada, it might surprise you to find out that the Earth is closest to the sun (a point called “perihelion”) in January and farthest from the sun (“aphelion”) in July!
That brings us to the second part of your question, which provides an important clue about why the distance from the sun is not the reason for the seasons. Canada’s winter months, December through March, are Australia’s warmest ones. If the seasons were caused by the Earth being closer to the sun in the summer, you would expect both hemispheres to share the same seasons.
The key to understanding the seasons lies with one peculiar fact about the way the Earth orbits the sun: the axis that the Earth spins about (one turn equals one day) is actually tilted slightly – about 23.5 degrees. So the north and south poles don’t point quite straight up and down. This means that as the Earth moves around the sun, different parts

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.634815
Retrieved Text: When it is Winter in the Southern Hemisphere, what season is it in the Northern Hemisphere?
When it is Spring in the Northern Hemisphere, what season is it in the Southern Hemisphere?
When it is Fall in the Southern Hemisphere, what season is it in the Northern Hemisphere?
Does our axis move back and forth?
No - the revolution around the Sun is how our Earth faces different angles.
Our Earth is farthest from the Sun in July. Why is it warmer?
The Northern Hemisphere is tilted towards the sun.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.2043
Retrieved Text: click here for the Winter Acrostic poem!
watch Mr. R.'s Winter Song!
Winter is the coldest season and comes after fall and before spring.
Winter is characterized by having the longest nights and shortest days.
In the northern hemisphere (such as in the United States), winter comes in December and lasts through March, while in the Southern Hemisphere (such as in Argentina), winter is between June and August. This occurs because the two hemispheres of the Earth are tilted towards/away from the Sun at opposite times during the Earth's orbit.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.154957
Retrieved Text: Mention any two differences between natural and artificial satellites.
How is the tail of a comet formed?
Venus is hotter than mercury, though it is farther away from Sun. Why?
Define light year. What is the relation between light year and kilometers?
Give any two points of difference between comets and meteors.
Do all the stars in the sky move ? Explain.
Draw sketches to show the relative positions of prominent stars in (i) Ursa Major and (ii) Orion in a diagram.
Name a winter constellation which looks like a distorted W. Where is it visible?
What is the cause of seasons on the earth?
Differentiate between equator plane and orbital plane of the earth.
Name the red planet. How many moons does it have?
Name the planet which has rings around it. Give one main characteristic of this planet.
Give two main characteristics of Uranus.
Name the terrestrial planets. Why are they called by this name?
Name the planet that is known to have largest number of natural satellites.
Draw a labelled diagram to show the position of the Earth in its orbit when the length of the day is longest in the Northern Hemisphere.
Name the planets which were discovered only after the invention of telescopes.
What is universe? Name two different kinds of heavenly bodies found in the universe.
Differentiate between meteors and stars.
What is the source of energy in the Sun?
(i) A celestial body revolving around a planet is called a natural satellite.
(ii) It cannot be used in any way. (i) A man-made satellite revolving around the Earth is called an artificial satellite.
(ii) It can be used for tele-communication and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.93718
Retrieved Text: On 5th July 2012 at 8.45 a.m. celestial event of “Earth in Aphelion” will occur involving Sun & Earth. Planet Earth will be at farthest point it can get to sun this year in its elliptical orbit around Sun at 1.017 AU (152 Million km approx) from Sun. Astronomically this is phenomena is known as “Aphelion”. Whereas on 5rd January 2012 Planet Earth it was at closest point (Perihelion) to Sun at 0.983 AU (147 million km).
Belief & Ignorance: Generally people think that its distance of Earth from Sun which determines if it is Hot or Cold temperatures. Whereas the truth is Tilt of Earth as it rotates on its axis at 23.4 Degrees is responsible for Seasons.
For example: In January Month when Earth was close to Sun in India the temperatures were cold. Whereas when Earth is far from Sun say in months of May to July compared to January it was Summer and now followed by winter. Hence facing of earth towards and away from Sun due to its tilt at 23.4 Degrees is responsible.
What is Aphelion & Perihelion?
Earth revolves around sun in a elliptical orbit. So at one point of time during its journey around sun it will be at closest point it can get (perihelion) and one point of time during the year it would be at farthest point (aphelion).
How Earth Axial Tilt 23.4 Degress contributes to be Reason for Changing Seasons ?
The Earth’s axis is tilted 23.5 degrees away from the plane of the ecliptic.
In other words at it rotates on

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.6212
Retrieved Text: Recently a friend of mine visited the country of Bali in Africa. She claims that because that country is south of the equator, the Moon, instead of having a crescent shape during certain phases, will actually have a "boat" shape. Is she pulling my leg ?? Isn't the crescent shape seen the whole world over??
Kristine: Your friend is right; the orientation of the crescent moon depends on the latitude of the person observing it (the size of the crescent, however, is the same wherever you are). Think about a crescent moon as seen from the Northern hemisphere, and the same Moon as seen from the Southern hemisphere; if we take the people in the Northern hemisphere as "right-side up", then those in the southern hemisphere are "upside-down", since the Earth is spherical. Since the existence of the crescent Moon depends only on the relative locations of the Moon, Earth and Sun (and not on one's location on the Earth), the Moon seen in the Southern hemisphere is upside down when compared to that seen in the Northern hemisphere. This means that if the concave part of the crescent points "left" in North, it will point "right" in the South. Since the transition from a "left" pointing crescent to a "right" pointing one must be smooth, we require that the Moon be a "boat" instead of a crescent at the equator.
Sabrina: The appearance of the crescent moon will also change depending on the season for an observer staying at a single location on the Earth. We know

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.186226
Retrieved Text: httpv://youtu.be/GSqzYLDKTX8 The Sun in Cancer marks the Summer Solstice, the Turning Point of the Year Its a point in time when the earth is most directly tilted on its axis toward the Sun in the Northern hemisphere. It occurs when the Sun moves into the sign of Cancer. Cancer is the sign of the Moon, and the mother.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.016563
Retrieved Text: LadyBroadoak Visionary Planetary Healing Tutorial: New wooble graphic!!
[3-18-08 ECB] POLAR MOTION: No change from prior weeks. There remains some apparent tendency to truncation of the spiral track on the Y Axis. Movement up and down the X Axis appears slightly easier for the Earth's crust than than movement on the Y Axis. This pattern we have been observing since the wobble "freeze" of January 2005.
[2-18-08 ECB] POLAR MOTION: The track now shows some outward expansion as one would expect.
[2-11-08 ECB] POLAR MOTION: Polar Motion apparently is now deviating once again from a normal track. What has been a smooth outward expansion since March 2006 is now apparently too truncated to be called an expansionary spiral. It is "retarded" and parallels far too closely the spiral track of 14 months ago. It should be showing progressive enlargement, but this is no longer evident. There are two possible explanations. One is that this Seven Year Wobble Cycle will be smaller than normal (which happens frequently). Another possible explanation is that the Wobble is merely showing us that significant drift in the average location of the center of the wobble has been and is still underway, such that the spiral center is now drifting towards the left bottom of the chart (down towards about Longitude West 70-80). This the Wobble has also done before. A third possibility is that both factors are in play. Stay tuned, the Wobble continues to be more dynamic than anyone previously imagined.
[1-28-08 ECB] POLAR MOTION: As reported January 27 in the "Pivot Point" Bulletin

================



======= Instance Index 204 =========
Input Text: What is it called when a cell converts oxygen and carbohydrates into carbon dioxide, water, and energy?

Which is the correct answer?
- adaptation
- breathing
- food transformation
- catabolic reactions

Target Text: catabolic reactions

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 60.355663
Retrieved Text: The main end products of respiration are CO2 (carbon dioxide) and water, which are used as the starting material for Photosynthesis, and photosynthesis converts them into glucose and O2 (oxygen).
Photosynthesis is the ultimate source of all energy rich carbon compounds used by all organisms; it is responsible for the continual supply of atmospheric O2 (oxygen), without which all the aerobic organisms, that use oxygen would not exist.
Green plants, algae, some unicellular green flagellates and 2 bacteria groups are the only organisms that photosynthesize. Each year they release half of all the O2 (oxygen) in the atmosphere.
Plants use CO2 (carbon dioxide) when they produce O2 (oxygen). CO2 is converted to O2 during photosynthesis. At the same time, animals through their respiration process use this O2 from their metabolism and replace it with CO2, which is then used by plants to begin the cycle again.
Photosynthesis is a solar powered process. SUNLIGHT is a key component of the process.
Light is a form of ELECTROMAGNETIC ENERGY. When light meets matter, it can be reflected, transmitted or ABSORBED.
PIGMENT absorbs light. Plant pigment, CHLOROPHYLL (the main light-absorbing molecule of green plants), is a pigment that absorbs LIGHT ENERGY.
Chlorophyll is found in specialized structures called CHLOROPLAST; they give plants their green color. Each chloroplast contains all the chlorophyll and enzymes needed to complete the complex chemical reactions of photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll participates directly in LIGHT REACTIONS.
The site of photosynthesis is typically the leaf of green plants. Each cell has about 30 to 40 chloroplast.
The large amount of chlorophyll in the leaves of plants allows it

########
Rank: 1
Score: 59.397663
Retrieved Text: Light reactions occur when plants synthesize food from carbon dioxide and water, referring specifically to the part of energy production that requires light and water to generate electrons needed for further synthesis. Water provides the electrons by splitting into hydrogen and oxygen atoms. The oxygen atoms combine into a covalently bonded oxygen molecule of two oxygen atoms while the hydrogen atoms become hydrogen ions with a spare electron each.
As part of photosynthesis, plants release oxygen -- as a gas -- into the atmosphere while the electrons and hydrogen ions or protons react further. These reactions no longer need light to continue, and are known in biology as the dark reactions. The electrons and protons pass through a complex transportation chain that allows the plant to combine the hydrogen with carbon from the atmosphere to produce carbohydrates.
Light reactions -- light energy in the presence of chlorophyll -- splits water. Splitting water into oxygen gas, hydrogen ions and electrons produces the energy for subsequent electron and proton transport and provides the energy to produce the sugars the plant needs. These subsequent reactions form the Calvin cycle.
Green plants that use photosynthesis to produce energy for growth contain chlorophyll. The chlorophyll molecule is a key component of photosynthesis in that it is capable of absorbing energy from light at the start of the light reactions. The molecule absorbs all colors of light except green, which it reflects, and which is why plants look green.
In light reactions, a molecule of chlorophyll absorbs one photon of light, causing a chlorophyll electron to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 58.99188
Retrieved Text: First, a quick word about what "respiration" is not.
Not all living things need to "breathe", in the sense that you and I breathe. Most living things don't have lungs, for a start!
The Great Challenge called "Respiration" is not about drawing air into the organism's body.
Respiration is the process by which all living things, except viruses, provide themselves with the energy to do all the other things which make us call the organism alive.
For many organisms, including plants, the chemistry is as follows: The organism converts food and oxygen into carbon dioxide and water... and converts some of the chemical energy in the food+oxygen into other forms... forms which make it possible for the organism to do things.
What does the organism do with the energy it has obtained from the food+oxygen? That is what the rest of this essay will one day be about. How many of the things living things do can you list? Do you see how energy is needed?
Obtaining the food and the oxygen is part of the subject of the Great Challenge "Assimilation"; getting rid of the carbon dioxide and water is part of the subject "Excretion".

########
Rank: 3
Score: 57.923923
Retrieved Text: Photosynthesis and aerobic respiration are both part of a cyclic process of biochemical reactions. Photosynthesis requires the products of aerobic respiration (carbon dioxide and water), while aerobic respiration requires the products of photosynthesis (glucose and oxygen). Together, these reactions are involved in how cells make and store energy. The energy transfers in both processes and in how the gas exchange between oxygen and carbon dioxide occurs and the end products that result from each process are somewhat opposite processes, thus aerobic respiration and photosynthesis are in some ways complete opposites of each other. Photosynthetic organisms such as plants use solar energy to reduce carbon dioxide into carbohydrates. During respiration glucose is oxidised back to carbon dioxide, in the process, releasing energy that is captured in the bonds of ATP. Although these two energy producing processes differ in their uses and also their goals, they do have several similarities.
Photosynthesis is a chemical process that takes place in the presence of sunlight, wherein plants manufacture their food and build stores of energy. This phenomenon occurs in chlorophyll containing plant cells. Chlorophyll is a pigment found in plant leaves that gives the plant its green colour. Chlorophyll absorbs the light energy and utilises it to produce carbohydrates from carbon dioxide and water. These carbohydrates produced are used by the plants as a source of immediate energy for growth, reproduction, and absorption of nutrients. The chemical reaction produces oxygen which is released into the atmosphere.
Occurring in the chloroplast light reaction converts solar energy to chemical energy of ATP and NADPH.The

########
Rank: 4
Score: 57.373543
Retrieved Text: Home » Tell Me Why Numerous Questions and Answers » How Do Plants Give off Oxygen?
How Do Plants Give off Oxygen?
Plants give off oxygen during the process of photosynthesis. Using green chlorophyll (which gives them their color), the leaves of plants use the energy of sunlight to change carbon dioxide and water into food the plant needs to live. During this process, oxygen is released into the air.
This oxygen is breathed in by animals. Animals, in turn, breathe carbon dioxide back into the air, where it is again used by plants to produce food and oxygen. Because of green plants, the amount of oxygen in the air has always remained at about the same level.
As photosynthesis requires sunlight, this process only happens during the day. We often like to think of this as plants `breathing in carbon dioxide and `breathing out oxygen. Just like animals, plants need to break down carbohydrates into energy. Oxygen is required to do this.
Then why do the plants get rid of oxygen they produce during photosynthesis?
The answer is, they do not. Plants actually hold on to a small amount of the oxygen they produced in photosynthesis and use that oxygen to break down carbohydrates to give them energy.
But what happens at night when there is no sunlight which is needed in photosynthesis?
Interestingly, in order to maintain their metabolism and continue respiration at night, plants must absorb oxygen from the air and give off carbon dioxide (which is exactly what animals do). Plants produce approximately ten times more oxygen during the day

########
Rank: 5
Score: 56.89722
Retrieved Text: Photosynthesis is a biological reaction that utilizes energy of the sunlight and converts it into high energy electrons. These electrons are consumed in the two reaction phases that finally generate sugar (chemical energy) with the help of chlorophyll (a green pigment) present in leaves.
This process occurs only in plants, blue-green algae and certain bacteria. According to the geological history, photosynthesis is thought have occurred roughly 3.5 billion years ago. The overall formula of the process involves conversion of six molecules of carbon dioxide and six molecules of water to produce one molecule of glucose and six molecules of oxygen. As a result, all the oxygen present in the earth’s atmosphere as well as seas is because of photosynthesis.
In plants and photosynthetic protozoans, chloroplasts are vital to the biological machinery that regulates photosynthesis. Chloroplasts are membrane bound organelles that act as the reaction sites and have there own genes and DNA. It is believed that chloroplasts evolved from photosynthetic organisms that were related to modern-age cynobacteria. According to the theory of endosymbiosis, chloroplasts are considered as a result of a symbiotic relationship between early microbes similar to ancestors of mitochondria.
Plants contain chlorophyll inside their leaves that captures energy for photosynthesis. The captured energy is utilized to build complex carbohydrates from simple raw materials (that is, carbon dioxide, water and minerals). These carbohydrates (or sugars) are consumed by plants to derive energy. Some part of this complex sugar is stored for performing other vital functions.
The process involves various steps that fall under two phases: the dark phase and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 56.619354
Retrieved Text: What Happens to the Heart Rate After Exercise?
Why Does Your pH Level Drop When You Exercise?
Does Glycogen Increase During Exercise?
What Happens to the Intercostal Muscles in Exercise?
Why Are Proteins Used As the Last Source of Energy?
All adults in the United States are encouraged to get at least 30 minutes a day of exercise most days of the week, according to recommendations by the American Heart Association. Exercise relies on a complex set of reactions within your body to provide the work and energy needed to perform physical activity. One of the main players in this series of reactions is the lungs, especially in relation to oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Carbon dioxide output relies largely on the amount of energy your body is using. Your body constantly needs energy for basic operations such as your heart beat and digestive system, which means carbon dioxide is always being produced as well. However, as you exercise, you significantly increase the energy needs in your body as your muscles work at an accelerated and more intense pace.
To create new energy, oxygen must be present in the bloodstream. The more energy being used through exercise, the more oxygen is needed to create new energy. To meet these needs, your body initiates an increase in both your respiratory rate and your heart rate. The increased respiratory rate increases how much oxygen is inhaled into the lungs and transferred into the bloodstream. The increased heart rate speeds up how quickly oxygen can be transported to the cells for energy creation.
Once oxygen makes it to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 56.16905
Retrieved Text: 3. Organism burn their food (metabolize) to get special form of energy called_________.
4. The substances required by organisms to obtain energy are called _________.
5. Carbonhydrates contain Carbon, Hyderogen and Oxygen in which Hydrogen and Oxygen exist in _________ ratio.
6. Disaccharides are formed by condensation of ___________ monosaccharide units.
7. _________ and starch are examples of polysaccharides.
8. The enzymes which control different chemical reaction in the body are ________ in nature.
9. _________ fatty acids molecules have one or more than one double bonds.
10. _________ fatty acids molecules are without double bond.
11. The amount of Carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is about ___________.
12. If the amount of Carbon dioxide in the atmosphere increases to 1 % , rate of photosynthesis also __________.
13. Chlorophyll converts light energy to __________ energy and makes food in plants.
14. The __________ cells are packed loosely with large intercellular spaces.
15. The solar energy is utilized to split water into oxygen and hydrogen is called ____________.
16. Utilizing energy from ATP and hydrogen from NADPH, water combines with carbon dioxide to form ___________.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 55.966057
Retrieved Text: Topic 2.8 Cellular Respiration Understandings Cell respiration is the controlled release of energy from organic compounds to produce ATP. ATP from.
Topic 2.8 Cellular RespirationUnderstandingsCell respiration is the controlled release of energy from organic compounds to produce ATP.ATP from cell respiration is immediately available as a source of energy in the cell.Anaerobic cell respiration gives a small yield of ATP from glucose.Aerobic cell respiration requires oxygen and gives a large yield of ATP from glucose.
Details of the metabolic pathways of cell respiration are not needed but the substrates and final waste products should be known.There are many simple respirometers which could be used. Students are expected to know that an alkali is used to absorb CO2, so reductions in volume are due to oxygen use. Temperature should be kept constant to avoid volume changes due to temperature fluctuations.
Topic 4.3 Carbon CyclingUnderstandingsAutotrophs convert carbon dioxide into carbohydrates and other carbon compounds.In aquatic ecosystems carbon is present as dissolved carbon dioxide and hydrogen carbonate ions.Carbon dioxide diffuses from the atmosphere or water into autotrophs.Carbon dioxide is produced by respiration and diffuses out of organisms into water or the atmosphere.Methane is produced from organic matter in anaerobic conditions by methanogenic archaeans and some diffuses into the atmosphere or accumulates in the ground.Methane is oxidized to carbon dioxide and water in the atmosphere.Peat forms when organic matter is not fully decomposed because of acidic and/or anaerobic conditions in waterlogged soils.Partially decomposed organic matter from past geological eras was converted either into coal or into oil and gas that accumulate in porous

########
Rank: 9
Score: 55.24153
Retrieved Text: a chemical combination caused by the action of light; specifically the formation of carbohydrates from carbon dioxide and water in the chlorophyll tissue of plants under the influence of light. adj., adj photosynthet´ic.
1. The compounding or building up of chemical substances under the influence of light.
2. The process by which green plants, using chlorophyll and the energy of sunlight, produce carbohydrates from water and carbon dioxide, liberating molecular oxygen in the process.
The process in green plants and certain other organisms by which carbohydrates are synthesized from carbon dioxide and a source of hydrogen (usually water), using light as an energy source. Most forms of photosynthesis release oxygen as a byproduct.
a process by which plants, algae, and some bacteria containing chlorophyll synthesize organic compounds, chiefly carbohydrates, from atmospheric carbon dioxide and water, using light for energy and liberating oxygen in the process. photosynthetic, adj.
the process by which plants convert carbon dioxide and water into organic chemicals using the energy of light, with the release of oxygen. Photosynthesis occurs in green plants which are known as AUTOTROPHS. CYANOBACTERIA also carry out photosynthesis. See LIGHT REACTIONS and CALVIN CYCLE.
n metabolic process by which plants and some bacteria use carbon dioxide and sunlight to produce glucose. Oxygen is a by product of this process.
a chemical combination caused by the action of light; specifically the formation of carbohydrates from carbon dioxide and water in the chlorophyll tissue of plants under the influence of light.
As we reveal the building blocks that make up CAM photosynthesis, we will be able to bioengineer the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 54.573586
Retrieved Text: What Are the Three Most Abundant Gases in the Earth's Atmosphere?
The three main cycles of an ecosystem are the water cycle, the carbon cycle and the nitrogen cycle. These three cycles working in balance are responsible for carrying away waste materials and replenishing the ecosystem with the nutrients necessary to sustain life. If any of these three cycles should become unbalanced, the effects on the ecosystem can be catastrophic.
There are a lot of things that come together to form a functioning ecosystem, but there are three cycles that are key to understanding the big picture: the water cycle, the carbon cycle and the nitrogen cycle.
The water cycle begins with precipitation. Water from lakes, rivers and oceans evaporates into the atmosphere. These water vapors gather, under the right conditions, to form clouds. Eventually, these vapors condense and become rain or another form of precipitation. This precipitation falls to the earth's surface. Next, some of the precipitation flows into the ground and becomes part of the ecosystem's water table. The rest flows into streams and rivers, and eventually back into the lakes and oceans from where it came. Along this journey, lifeforms in the ecosystem use the water to sustain life.
The carbon cycle can be broken into two smaller subcycles: respiration and photosynthesis. These subcycles are dependent upon one another. In the respiration cycle, fauna, or animal life inhabiting the biosphere, consume carbohydrates (in the form of plant life) and oxygen and output carbon dioxide, water and energy. The animals use the energy produced to power their biology.
Flora,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 54.270054
Retrieved Text: Once the oxygen diffuses across the alveoli, it enters the bloodstream and is transported to the tissues where it is unloaded, and carbon dioxide diffuses out of the blood and into the alveoli to be expelled from the body. Although gas exchange is a continuous process, the oxygen and carbon dioxide are transported by different mechanisms.
Although oxygen dissolves in blood, only a small amount of oxygen is transported this way. Only 1.5 percent of oxygen in the blood is dissolved directly into the blood itself. Most oxygen—98.5 percent—is bound to a protein called hemoglobin and carried to the tissues.
Hemoglobin, or Hb, is a protein molecule found in red blood cells (erythrocytes) made of four subunits: two alpha subunits and two beta subunits ([link]). Each subunit surrounds a central heme group that contains iron and binds one oxygen molecule, allowing each hemoglobin molecule to bind four oxygen molecules. Molecules with more oxygen bound to the heme groups are brighter red. As a result, oxygenated arterial blood where the Hb is carrying four oxygen molecules is bright red, while venous blood that is deoxygenated is darker red.
The protein inside (a) red blood cells that carries oxygen to cells and carbon dioxide to the lungs is (b) hemoglobin. Hemoglobin is made up of four symmetrical subunits and four heme groups. Iron associated with the heme binds oxygen. It is the iron in hemoglobin that gives blood its red color.
It is easier to bind a second and third oxygen molecule to Hb than the first molecule. This is because the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 53.922924
Retrieved Text: The majority of life on Earth is based on energy that's received from the sun.
alternative energy sources in a little bit.
For the most part, we can think of, terrestrial life is based on solar power.
How do we extract the energy from the sun?
We don't all have the solar panels sitting on our head.
Well, we do it through the process of photosynthesis.
which takes carbon dioxide and water, and combines them together.
carbon dioxide is everywhere in the at, in the atmosphere.
Water is everywhere in the atmosphere.
place, so, carbon dioxide and water do not react naturally.
They require energy to react.
We call that an endothermic reaction.
with each other forever, unless you add energy into the system.
When you do add energy into the system, you can get out oxygen.
And, what's left over is CH2O.
I'm going to draw that as the symbol for a photon.
what enables life here on the surface of the earth.
The energy from the photons.
waste product, gives out this oxygen, but it makes this carbohydrate.
Why is making carbohydrates important?
Oh, carbohydrates are amazing things.
First off, they are organic molecules.
They have that carbon in them.
Its carbon chemistry is the, one of the richest.
Chemistries that we have for molecules.
and you can build bigger, and bigger, and bigger, carbon molecules out of them.
carbohydrates can be used as a source of energy.
So what you're doing is taking this photon energy.
carbohydrate, basically, and allowing that carbohydrate now, that, that molecule.
You, it's, you can think of it as a battery.
It takes the photon and stores it into this carbohydrate battery.
that you can move it to different

########
Rank: 13
Score: 53.414112
Retrieved Text: This event occurred perhaps three billion years ago. It was a turning point in the history of life on Earth. Bacteria began to use the energy of sunlight to manufacture glucose. Because of it, on two counts—food and the waste product oxygen—we are here. Photosynthesis.
We are 100 percent dependent on photosynthesis. Either we have to eat the lettuce that captured the Sun’s energy to make food or we have to eat some formerly alive thing that ate the lettuce that captured the Sun’s energy to make food. We ourselves cannot capture the Sun’s energy to make food.
Photosynthesis requires sunlight, water, and carbon dioxide. Sunlight arrives in the form of a stream of particles called photons. Photons hit the leaf, which is made up of cells. Each cell has a structure called a chloroplast—which in turn contains the pigment chlorophyll. This is the factory, the means of production. The raw materials are water (H2O) and carbon dioxide (CO2).
The leaf gets its CO2 from the air. When photosynthesis began, Earth’s atmosphere did not contain free oxygen. It did contain a lot more carbon dioxide. Slowly, over millions of years, photosynthesis put oxygen—a waste product to plants, algae, and photosynthesizing bacteria—into the air. And so, happily, we breathe.
When you look at this simple but profound transformation in chemical form, you see that carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen have been reshuffled, and oxygen has been expelled.
Photosynthesis happens in two stages. First, the light reaction: Sunlight hits the leaf, jiggles electrons in the chlorophyll until an electron belonging to the chlorophyll jumps

########
Rank: 14
Score: 53.379684
Retrieved Text: How Well Do You Know Photosynthesis?
1. Which of the following are capable of photosynthesis?
Photosynthetic organisms include higher plants, some bacteria, and some algae. Photosynthetic organisms are also known as photoautotrophs because they can make their own food from sunlight.
2. In plants, photosynthesis occurs mainly in the ____ .
Photosynthesis primarily occurs in plant leaves in organelles known as chloroplasts.
3. Plants use carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight to produce oxygen, water, and _____ .
Plants use carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight to produce glucose, water, and oxygen. Glucose is used for energy and oxygen is released into the atmosphere. Oxygen is used by many organisms for cellular respiration.
4. This green pigment captures the sun's energy in photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll a and chlorophyll b are produced in chloroplasts and are the pigments of photosynthesis.
5. Light reactions in photosynthesis mostly occur in which part of the chloroplast?
Light reactions in photosynthesis mostly occur in grana. These are dense layered stacks of thylakoid sacs found in plant chloroplasts.
6. Dark reactions in photosynthesis occur in which part of the chloroplast?
Dark reactions in photosynthesis occur in the stroma. Stroma is dense fluid within the chloroplast where reactions occur to produce carbohydrates.
7. Dark reactions in most plants occur during the day.
Dark reactions occur during the day in most plants. Dark reactions are light-independent and use energy molecules generated in the light reaction phase to produce carbohydrates.
8. In the Calvin Cycle, carbon dioxide is converted to ____ .
In the Calvin Cycle, carbon dioxide is converted to the sugar glucose. These reactions occur in chloroplast stroma.
9. Both ATP and NADPH

########
Rank: 15
Score: 52.81945
Retrieved Text: The present invention is directed generally to electrochemical systems and more particularly to co-production of electricity and hydrogen in a high temperature fuel cell system.
A solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) is an electrochemical device that converts chemical energy directly into electrical energy. A solid oxide regenerative fuel cell (SORFC) is an electrochemical device that converts electrical energy directly into chemical energy and subsequently reconverts chemical energy back to electrical energy. This device differs significantly from rechargeable batteries in that the chemicals are stored outside of the SORFC converter. The SORFC system has many building electrical energy storage applications that cannot be satisfied by batteries. For example, a SORFC system for building power generation is discussed in the Proceedings of the 2001 DOE Hydrogen Program Review NREL/CP-570-30535. A SORFC system which generates hydrogen in the electrolysis mode and which generates electricity in the fuel cell mode is described in Proceedings of the 2002 DOE Hydrogen Program Review NREL/CP-610-32405. This SORFC system may contain a separate electrolyzer unit which operates in the electrolysis mode and which is operatively connected to the fuel cell stack to generate hydrogen. However, these SORFC systems have certain environmental and economic drawbacks.
The SOFC and SORFC are high temperature electrochemical systems. Another high temperature electrochemical system is a molten carbonate fuel cell. Fuel cells often use hydrogen as fuel. For example, fuel cell powered vehicles would require hydrogen refueling stations for operation. However, distribution of hydrogen from centralized hydrogen producing plants to refuel vehicles is not currently economical. Furthermore, hydrogen production is fairly expensive.
A

########
Rank: 16
Score: 52.563118
Retrieved Text: Journey into the chloroplast, where photosynthesis takes place, to learn how plants convert sunlight into usable chemical energy - one of the most vital processes on Earth.
Leaves are small solar-powered food factories.
Through a process called photosynthesis they make their own food.
Using only water, carbon dioxide and the Sun's energy they produce glucose and oxygen.
They form the basis of the global food chain.
Plants are able make their own food using only carbon dioxide, water, and the energy from sunlight.
This chemical reaction is called photosynthesis and it supports all other complex life on Earth.
Every leaf is a solar-powered food factory, producing the food a plant requires from simple ingredients: water and carbon dioxide.
Water enters the plant via root hair cells and travels up to the leaves in tubes called xylem.
Carbon dioxide from the atmosphere enters the leaf through tiny holes called stomata.
It is here in the chloroplasts, tiny cellular bags filled with chlorophyll, that photosynthesis occurs.
Chlorophyll is key: it traps energy from the Sun and uses it to bond carbon dioxide from the air to hydrogen from the water.
This process produces glucose, which is used for the plant's growth and stored as starch.
A waste gas – oxygen – is produced.
Like carbon dioxide, oxygen is exchanged through the stomata.
Photosynthesis is a simple equation.
Without this essential process, plants couldn't grow.
And if plants couldn't grow and reproduce, other organisms would have nothing to eat.
Plants are the basis of the global food chain.
Plants' consumption of carbon dioxide, and production of oxygen by photosynthesis, is what creates our life-sustaining atmosphere.
Which is why photosynthesis

########
Rank: 17
Score: 52.44856
Retrieved Text: first law of thermodynamics Energy cannot be created or destroyed.
second law of thermodynamics Energy tends to disperse spontaneously.
potential energy Energy stored in the position or arrangement of a system’s components.
reactants Molecule that enters a reaction and is changed by participating in it.
endergonic Describes a reaction that requires a net input of free energy.
exergonic Describes a reaction that ends with a net release of free energy.
Activation energy Minimum amount of energy required to start a reaction.
catalysis The acceleration of a reaction rate by a molecule that is unchanged by participating in the reaction.
substrates Molecule that an enzyme acts upon and converts to a product; reactant in an enzyme-catalyzed reaction.
induced-fit model Of enzyme activity, interacting with a substrate causes the active site to change shape so that the fit between them improves and catalysis occurs.
metabolic pathway Series of enzyme-mediated reactions by which cells build, remodel, or break down an organic molecule.
allosteric regulation Control of an enzyme’s activity by a regulatory molecule that binds outside the active site.
feedback inhibition Regulatory mechanism in which a change that results from some activity decreases or stops the activity.
electron transfer chain In a cell membrane, series of enzymes and other molecules that accept and give up electrons, thus releasing the energy of the electrons in small, usable steps.
cofactors A coenzyme or metal ion that associates with an enzyme and is necessary for its function.
antioxidants substance that interferes with the oxidation of other molecules.
phosphorylation Reaction in which a phosphate group is added to a molecule.
ATP/ADP cycle Process by which cells regenerate ATP. ADP forms

########
Rank: 18
Score: 52.080162
Retrieved Text: What Are Light Dependent Reactions?
Plants act as a good complement to humanity, as the latter species breathes out carbon dioxide, which the plants then turn it into the oxygen humans need to live. Plants take in carbon dioxide, nutrients from the soil, water, and sunlight and create oxygen and a kind of simple sugar that they use for energy. This is a process necessary to life on Earth.
Photosynthesis acts as an important factor that sustains life on Earth. Plants take in carbon dioxide, sunlight, water, and nutrients from the Earth and turn it into sugar and oxygen, which many species need to breathe.
Humans and animals exhale carbon dioxide as a byproduct of respiration. Plants extract the carbon dioxide from the air and use it in photosynthesis process to feed themselves. The carbon dioxide enters the leaves of the plant through small pores called stomata. Once the carbon dioxide enters the plant, the process begins with the help of sunlight and water.
During this process, the plant combines carbon dioxide with water to allow the plant to extract what it needs for food. The plant uses sunlight as energy to perform this chemical reaction. Photosynthesis separates carbon dioxide and water — known as CO2 and H2O, respectively — into their individual molecules and combines them into new products. Once the process is done, the plant releases Oxygen, or O2, into the surrounding air. It also creates C6H12O6, a substance similar to glucose, that feeds the plant.
Because they often receive more carbon dioxide and water than they need to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 52.03842
Retrieved Text: The latter occurs not only in plants but also in when the energy from plants is passed through a. Oxygen meters would tell you how much oxygen is given off. Note: These numbers do not include how many trees are cut down eachyear. Remove your thumb and check for any bubbles in the tube. The light energy is usually from sunlight, however, certain light bulbs can also be used. In plants, algae and cyanobacteria, long-term energy storage in the form of sugars is produced by a subsequent sequence of light-independent reactions called the ; some bacteria use different mechanisms, such as the , to achieve the same end.
The use of these molecules is consistent with the geological evidence that Earth's early atmosphere was highly at. Change the conditions of photosynthesis by altering light intensity and carbon dioxide amount, and determine the effects on the photosynthesis rate. Most 5 out of 6 molecules of the glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate produced is used to regenerate ribulose 1,5-bisphosphate so the process can continue. Stir the solution until it is fully dissolved. The process of gaseous exchange occurs by the process of diffusion in these cases. Plants and Microclimate: a Quantitative Approach to Environmental Plant Physiology Third ed. Though it only makes up about 1% of the Earth's atmosphere, it is vital to photosynthesis.
Photosynthesis is a process used by plants and other organisms to into that can later be to fuel the organisms' activities. Photosynthesis is the process in which plants use energy fromsunlight to transform water and carbon dioxide along with

########
Rank: 20
Score: 51.832485
Retrieved Text: The term biomass refers to organic matter such as plants, residue from agriculture and forestry, the organic component of municipal and industrial wastes, and animal waste. Some types of biomass can be burnt or decomposed to produce energy. A good example of this is the burning of wood; for thousands of years it has been used to provide heat.
Biomass is a renewable energy source because plants can re-grow over a relatively short time for use as an energy source. By the process of photosynthesis, chlorophyll in plants captures the sun's energy by converting carbon dioxide from the air and water from the ground into carbohydrates (complex compounds composed of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen). When these carbohydrates are burnt, they give off carbon dioxide and water, and release the energy they captured from the sun. Biomass is, therefore, a form of solar energy since it receives its original energy from the sun by photosynthesis.
Unlike fossil fuels, such as coal, oil or natural gas, the carbon emissions from biomass become part of a carbon cycle. Biomass carbon emissions are taken up or recycled by subsequent plant growth within a relatively short time, resulting in low net carbon emissions. This is because, through photosynthesis, plants absorb roughly the same amount of carbon dioxide (CO2) as is given off through the burning of them. On the other hand, the burning of fossil fuels add new and additional carbon to the atmosphere.
A very common source of biomass energy is wood. For thousands of years it has been burnt to produce heat,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 51.6889
Retrieved Text: What Molecules Enter the Krebs Cycle & What Molecules Leave the Krebs Cycle?
What Happens When There Is No Oxygen Available at the End of Slow Glycolysis?
What Follows Glycolysis if Oxygen Is Present?
What Is Produced As a Result of Photosynthesis?
Living things, all of which consist of one or more individual cells, can be divided into prokaryotes and eukaryotes. Virtually all cells rely on glucose for their metabolic needs, and the first step in the breakdown of this molecule is the series of reactions called glycolysis (literally, "glucose splitting"). In glycolysis, a single glucose molecule undergoes a series of reactions to yield a pair of pyruvate molecules and a modest amount of energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP).
The ultimate handling of these products, however, varies from cell type to cell type. Prokaryotic organisms do not participate in aerobic respiration. This means that prokaryotes cannot make use of molecular oxygen (O2). Instead, the pyruvate undergoes fermentation (anaerobic respiration).
Some sources include glycolysis in the process of "cellular respiration" in eukaryotes, because it directly precedes aerobic respiration (i.e., the Krebs cycle and oxidative phosphorylation in the electron transport chain). More strictly, glycolysis itself is not an aerobic process simply because it does not rely on oxygen and occurs whether or not O2 is present. However, since glycolysis is a prerequisite of aerobic respiration in that it supplies pyruvate for the reactions thereof, it is natural to learn about both concepts at once.
Glucose is a six-carbon sugar that serves as the most important single carbohydrate in human biochemistry. Carbohydrates contain

########
Rank: 22
Score: 51.64629
Retrieved Text: Hydrogen cells are already powering buses in cities such as London.
From turning carbon dioxide into a fuel to enabling cars to run on water, scientific researchers worldwide are unlocking the potential of new energy sources.
LONDON, 14 January, 2016 – Molecular biology has been used by scientists in the US to make a catalyst that can split water into hydrogen and oxygen. It means that a truly renewable biotechnological material could be used to help cars run on water.
In China, chemists have announced a nanofabric – a catalyst put together atoms at a time – that could begin the process of turning the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide back into fuel.
And with what seems like perfect timing, a new technological venture in Switzerland hopes to be the first commercial plant to harvest carbon dioxide from the air.
The first two propositions are still in the laboratory stage, and the third has yet to prove its viability. But the laboratory advances keep alive the hopes of the ultimate in energy recycling.
In the first process, water provides the energy for a chemical reaction that propels a vehicle, and then ends up again as water from the exhaust pipe of a car. And in the second, a gas released as emissions from fossil fuel could get turned back into fuel.
The hydrogen fuel cell long ago began to deliver energy for manned space flight, and is already in use in urban public transport, with a platinum catalyst fusing hydrogen fuel and oxygen from the air to release electrical energy and water.
But platinum is

########
Rank: 23
Score: 50.095764
Retrieved Text: Photosynthesis (English pronunciation: /foʊtoʊˈsɪnθəsɪs/; from the Greek φώτο- [photo-], "light," and σύνθεσις [synthesis], "putting together", "composition") is a chemical process that converts carbon dioxide into organic compounds, especially sugars, using the energy from sunlight. Photosynthesis occurs in plants, algae, and many species of bacteria, but not in archaea. Photosynthetic organisms are called photoautotrophs, since they can create their own food. In plants, algae, and cyanobacteria, photosynthesis uses carbon dioxide and water, releasing oxygen as a waste product. Photosynthesis is vital for all aerobic life on Earth. In addition to maintaining normal levels of oxygen in the atmosphere, photosynthesis is the source of energy for nearly all life on earth, either directly, through primary production, or indirectly, as the ultimate source of the energy in their food, the exceptions being chemoautotrophs that live in rocks or around deep sea hydrothermal vents. The rate of energy capture by photosynthesis is immense, approximately 100 terawatts, which is about six times larger than the power consumption of human civilization. As well as energy, photosynthesis is also the source of the carbon in all the organic compounds within organisms' bodies. In all, photosynthetic organisms convert around 100–115 petagrams of carbon into biomass per year.
Although photosynthesis can happen in different ways in different species, some features are always the same. For example, the process always begins when energy from light is absorbed by proteins called photosynthetic reaction centers that contain chlorophylls. In plants, these proteins are held inside organelles called chloroplasts, while in bacteria they are embedded in the plasma membrane. Some

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.96846
Retrieved Text: The term sugar is the generic term for any disaccharides and monosaccharides. Sugars are an essential structural component of living cells and a source of energy in many organisms. Sugars are classified based on the number of monomeric units present. The term simple sugars denote to the monosaccharides. The term table sugar or granulated sugar actually refers to sucrose, which is a disaccharide made of two monosaccharides: glucose and fructose. Sucrose is the form of sugar that many people are familiar with. It is used in food preparation, such as in cakes, pastries, and desserts. It is also used as an ingredient in several beverages, such as sodas, coffee, and juices.
Carbohydrates, especially polysaccharides, are one of the four major groups of biomolecules. The others are proteins, amino acids, and nucleic acids. A carbohydrate refers to any of the group of organic compounds consisting of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen, usually in the ratio of 1:2:1, hence the general formula: Cn (H2O) n. Carbohydrates are the most abundant among the major classes of biomolecules. They are one of the major nutrients, providing energy that shall fuel various metabolic processes.
As a nutrient, carbohydrates may be classified based on their structural complexity: simple and complex. Simple carbohydrates, sometimes referred to as simply sugar, are those that are readily digested and serve as a rapid source of energy. Complex carbohydrates (such as cellulose, starch, and glycogen) are those that need more time to be digested and metabolized. They often are high in fiber and unlike simple carbohydrates they are less likely

########
Rank: 25
Score: 49.953915
Retrieved Text: Oxidation is defined as one of the processes by which energy is obtained from the diet. During this process, nutrients are broken down and converted into energy for normal metabolic function. The browning of an apple or rusting of metal is a common example of oxidation in our everyday life. The rate of oxidation depends on the amount of activity that is occurring. At rest, the rate of oxidation is at its lowest level. However, during stress, exercise, growth, pregnancy, or lactation, the rate of oxidation is elevated because the body is rapidly breaking down nutrients (like protein, carbohydrates, and fat) to produce energy needed during these times. During these metabolic processes if the regulatory systems in the body are overwhelmed, oxidative stress can occur.Oxidative stress causes an overabundance of circulating molecules called reactive oxygen species (ROS), sometimes commonly referred to as “free radicals.” It is important to note that all free radicals are ROS, but not all ROS are free radicals. These free radicals are normally produced from oxygen metabolism (see equation below).When we inhale, we take in oxygen (O2), in our cells the oxygen uses an electron (e-) and a hydrogen (H+) to form water (H2O) and carbon dioxide (CO2), then the carbon dioxide gets exhaled. The free radicals shown in the equation include superoxide radical (O2•), hydroxyl radical (HO•), and hydrogen peroxide (H2O2). They contain oxygen, but they are much more reactive than the oxygen in the air we breathe. Free radicals are ROS with a missing electron, therefore, making them unstable molecules.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 49.80214
Retrieved Text: I'm going to start this off by breaking the Science teacher code of silence, on one of our favourite trick questions asked about photosynthesis and respiration. Kids have been taught since elementary school that plants do photosynthesis and animals do respiration. And the organelle of the photosynthesis is the chloroplast, and the organelle for aerobic respiration is mitochondria. So far so good, so what's the trick? Well the trick is to ask questions like this; Which of the following are found in plant cells, cell wall, mitochondria, chloroplast, centriole. Kids who have been paying attention in class go on, "Plants, they don't have bones, oh they have a cell wall. There's one and do photosynthesis or chloroplast, so it must be I and III." That's the trick.
Remember, photosynthesis is all about grabbing energy and using that to build sugar, to store the energy. Well, don't the plants want that energy? In order to break that sugar down, they have to do a aerobic respiration, so they actually need mitochondria. So the correct answer is C. This highlights one of the many reasons why kids often report to me that, photosynthesis and respiration are hard.
Now, not only are they going on at a microscopic level, so kids can't see them happening in front of them, but generally, teachers teach them separately. So it's really hard for kids to see the connections. They're really not that hard to understand, especially if you keep in mind the fact that they are very similar processes, just run in reverse. It's

########
Rank: 27
Score: 49.368362
Retrieved Text: Biomass Energy - Mechanical Electrical Systems Inc.
To many people, the most familiar forms of renewable energy are the wind and the sun. Biomass energy, used since our ancestors learned the secret of fire, is the oldest source of renewable energy.
Until recently, biomass energy supplied far more renewable electricity—or “biopower”—than wind and solar power combined.
If developed properly, biomass can and should supply increasing amounts of biopower. In fact, in numerous analyses of how America can transition to a clean energy future, sustainable biomass is a critical renewable resource.
Biomass is a renewable energy source not only because the energy it comes from the sun, but also because biomass can re-grow over a relatively short period of time. Through the process of photosynthesis, chlorophyll in plants captures the sun’s energy by converting carbon dioxide from the air and water from the ground into carbohydrates—complex compounds composed of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen.
Burning these carbohydrates turns them back into carbon dioxide and water and release the energy they captured from the sun. In this way, biomass functions as a sort of natural battery for storing solar energy. As long as biomass is produced sustainably—meeting current needs without diminishing resources or the land’s capacity to re-grow biomass and recapture carbon—the battery will last indefinitely and provide sources of low-carbon energy.
Mechanical Electrical Systems Inc. in 2010 designed, built, installed, and started up a 250kW Blinkless® Microgrid for SAIC. The Microgrid used power produced by an on-board generator, which ran off of fuel produced by a pyrolysis process that turned trash into gas for

########
Rank: 28
Score: 49.077515
Retrieved Text: Mitochondria are known for generating energy for the cell in the form of ATP (adenosine triphosphate) by using nutrients and oxygen. The chloroplast is present in green plants and few algae, they are known as the place, where the process of photosynthesis occurs.
In the cell of the eukaryotes, there are only three organelles, which are bounded by the double membrane structure – the nucleus, the mitochondria, and the chloroplast. There is the higher level of diversity on the surface of the planet. Living things inquisitively, perplexingly uses the sources present here and grow. They have populated the land, water, and molded the surface of the earth.
Living things are not only restricted to the domain of the land, water, instead found in depth of the ocean, in the mud of hot volcanoes, beneath the frozen surface of Antartic and deeply buried in the earth crust. In this section, we will consider the two main units of the eukaryotic cells – The Mitochondria and the Chloroplast.
The first one is the most significant body present in the living cell, they are the producer of energy to the cell, and it’s organelles by the process of cellular respiration. Their shape and function resemble bacteria, even they have their own circular DNA and ribosomes and their tRNA, like that of bacteria.
The latter – Chloroplast, is the another enclosed membrane of the eukaryotic cell. These are found in selective types of the cell as said above. Chloroplast performs the function of the preparation of the food that is photosynthesis, by using the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 49.04642
Retrieved Text: Aerobic cellular respiration is a part of cellular respiration, and it plays an important role in producing the energy that is required for various functions of a cell.
All organisms are made up of tiny cells which carry out various functions. Energy is required for processing these functions. This energy is provided by the cells, and is produced when the cells break down the chemical composition of food molecules and convert them into energy, i.e. convert glucose to energy. This is made possible with the process called cellular respiration, which takes place in the mitochondrion - the power house of a cell. During this process, cells break down glucose molecules and release energy. This energy that is released from the glucose is used to produce ATP. Therefore, cellular respiration is the process by which energy from glucose is transferred to ATP. It is a part of metabolism and all organisms go through cellular respiration.
Cellular respiration is of two types - anaerobic respiration and aerobic respiration. Here, we shall discuss aerobic respiration.
Cellular respiration is vital for the survival of all organisms, as energy from food (glucose) cannot be used by a cell until it is converted to ATP. Hence, it is a continuous cycle that takes place in all organisms. Aerobic respiration plays a crucial role in the production of ATP, where glucose and oxygen are vital elements. This process takes place only if oxygen is available. Take a look at the chemical formula given here.
Aerobic respiration takes place in three phases - Glycolysis, Krebs Cycle, and Oxidative

================



======= Instance Index 67 =========
Input Text: What's an example of the idea that if one mineral can scratch another mineral then that other mineral is softer than that one mineral?

Which is the correct answer?
- diamonds can be smashed by rocks
- diamond cuts into glass
- steel is harder than stone
- diamonds are harder than diamonds

Target Text: diamond cuts into glass

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 60.280293
Retrieved Text: eral), and galena (a metal-containing mineral).
Minerals often have a very specific color.
This bismuth crystal has a coating of bismuth(III) oxide on its surface. Like the colors seen in a soap bubble, variations in the thickness of the coating cause optical interference—waves of visible light reflect off the inner surface and the coating, and overlap constructively and destructively to create a rainbow of colors.
mium impurities in the crystal structure that cause light to reflect in a way that our eyes see red. Sapphires, however, appear blue because of iron and titanium impurities.
A reliable way to distinguish minerals is to determine their hardness. Minerals with strong bonds, such as diamonds, are very hard. Minerals with weaker bonds, such as talc (Mg3Si4O10(OH) 2), tend to be softer. Talc is a mineral but is more commonly recognized as a powder—that’s how little hardness it has.
or less but cannot scratch a substance with a hardness greater than 2. 5. If two substances can scratch each other, they have the same hardness. Diamond, with a hardness of 10, can scratch nearly any substance. Talc has a hardness of 1 and won’t scratch any other mineral with more hardness.
Another common way to identify minerals is the streak test, in which the mineral is rubbed across a piece of unglazed porcelain. The color of the resulting mark is often different from the color of the mineral because large particles of the mineral tend to make it appear more opaque, and thus darker, than it would in a fine-grained form. For example, hematite (Fe2O3), one

########
Rank: 1
Score: 57.098534
Retrieved Text: MohsVickers hardness comparison: This chart compares the hardness of index minerals of the Mohs hardness scale (an integer scale) with their Vickers hardness (a continuous scale). Mohs hardness is a resistance to being scratched, while Vickers hardness is a resistance to indentation under pressure.
Hardness can be measured on the Mohs scale of hardness. This scale, with a range fromto, designates harder materials with higher numbers. Quartzite offers an approximate value ofon the Mohs scale while granite offers a hardness value of betweenand.on the Mohs scale.
The Mohs Scale of Hardness consists ofclassifications,being the softest, andbeing the hardest. The only mineral that is an exception to this is mercury, which is liquid. To give you a few reference points, the diamond is of course the hardest, rated.
The hardness of sandstone may be difficult to test. If the sand grains have not been cemented well or have been cemented by calcite, the sandstone will seem softer. The individual quartz sand grains will still have a hardness of, but the rock may crumble or disaggregate in your hand, making it look soft.
What is the hardest natural stone?
Of course diamond is the hardest natural stone,Each individual mineral however can be measured on Mohs hardness scale,index of some hardest material and their mohs are.talc,Gypsum,calcite,fluorite,Apatite,Orthoclase feldspar ,Quartz,Topaz,corundum,diamond .
mohs hardness scale chart for granite , sandstone , marble , mohs hardness scale chart for granite , sandstone , , Posts Related to mohs hardness scale chart for granite , sandstone , marble , SCM series ultrafine mill , Factors Affecting The Hardness of Feed

########
Rank: 2
Score: 53.785343
Retrieved Text: On this page you have the mineral characteristics.
The typical characteristics that are used in the process of mineral identification are colour, streak, transparency, lustre, habit, hardness, cleavage, fracture and specific gravity.
Below is info about each one.
Colour seems like a simple characteristic to use, particularly in the beginning before you get familiar with other characteristics. My warning is - don't trust the colour! It may look simple but it's one of the trickiest mineral characteristics! While it is obvious that many minerals have the same colour (so you do need to use other characteristics too), it is also true that many minerals can come in very different colours. Quartz, for example, can be transparent, white, pink, purple, red, yellow, green, brown, grey and black. And that's only one example (even though one of the most extreme ones).
Streak is the colour of the powder of the mineral. You can powder a mineral with a geological hammer, but unless it is a very hard mineral, a far better way is to scratch the mineral against a so-called streak plate, which basically is the same as the back-side of a porcelan tile. Streak is a much more reliable characteristic to use than the mineral colour.
Transparency is another example on mineral characteristics that can not always be blindly trusted. A quartz crystal for example, as already said, can be transparent, or have any other colour which cannot be seen through. A mineral that cannot be seen through is said to be opaque. And a mineral which the light can pass through,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 53.129887
Retrieved Text: The hardness of rocks is a fascinating and puzzling study for the beginning rockhound. The durability of gemstones is of great importance to anyone setting up a tumbler or starting to make cabochons. The rock’s resistance to wear (abrasion or “scratching”) is indicated by its hardness, or as sometimes defined by mineralogists, its “scratchability”. The hardness of any material depends upon the kind of atoms in its structure, and the closeness of their packing. Variation in hardness is due to the different arrangement and spacing of atoms.
For 150 years, the Mohs scale has been accepted and used to differentiate between hardness of various gems and minerals. It runs from 1 (talc) to 10 (diamond), but the scale is neither an exact nor a linear one. It indicates only that any mineral will scratch a mineral lower on the scale and be scratched by one higher on the scale. In Moh’s day there were no minerals or materials to place between 9 (corundum) and 10 (diamond), yet diamond is approximately 6 times harder than corundum. Now there are man-made carbides to fill some of the gap, as well as a boron nitride reputed to be slightly harder than diamond. That is, it is said to scratch somewhat easier than it is scratched by diamond.
A more exact scale, much less frequently used, is that of the U.S. Bureau of Standards. The reason for its non-use is apparent, expensive equipment and considerable training is necessary. With Moh’s, anyone can do it. There is even a supplementary scale of the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 50.516964
Retrieved Text: The Mohs scale of mineral hardness is a qualitative ordinal scale characterizing scratch resistance of various minerals through the ability of harder material to scratch softer material. Created in 1812 by German geologist and mineralogist Friedrich Mohs, it is one of several definitions of hardness in materials science, some of which are more quantitative. The method of comparing hardness by observing which minerals can scratch others is of great antiquity, having been mentioned by Theophrastus in his treatise On Stones, c. 300 BC, followed by Pliny the Elder in his Naturalis Historia, c. 77 AD. While greatly facilitating the identification of minerals in the field, the Mohs scale does not show how well hard materials perform in an industrial setting.
Despite its lack of precision, the Mohs scale is relevant for field geologists, who use the scale to roughly identify minerals using scratch kits. The Mohs scale hardness of minerals can be commonly found in reference sheets.
Mohs hardness is useful in milling. It allows assessment of which kind of mill will best reduce a given product whose hardness is known. The scale is used at electronic manufacturers for testing the resilience of flat panel display components (such as cover glass for LCDs or encapsulation for OLEDs).
The Mohs scale of mineral hardness is based on the ability of one natural sample of mineral to scratch another mineral visibly. The samples of matter used by Mohs are all different minerals. Minerals are chemically pure solids found in nature. Rocks are made up of one or more minerals. As the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 49.690308
Retrieved Text: We wish to make this key available to one and all in the hope of correct identification of minerals in collections, rock gardens, and on windowsills everywhere. You may copy it, or any part of it, for non-commercial, personal use.
We thank Lloyd Brown, David Jacobson, and Alfred Ostrander. Their excellent advice and encouragement in this project was extremely helpful. Â©2003, Alan Plante, Donald Peck, & David Von Bargen. In cooperation with Mindat.org.
This Mineral Key is designed and intended for use on-line. The premise behind this Key is similar to that of the identification keys found in some fern and wildflower books: Key diagnostic properties are used to direct users to tables where further information on "likely suspects" is found. That information is then used to narrow down the choices to one or a few of the most likely minerals. Then more detailed information can be found in a mineral guide book or website databases such as Mindat, Webmineral, or the MSA's "Handbook of Mineralogy" in order to make a final determination of the mineral in the sample.
Unlike most keys for wildflowers, this system for the identification of minerals is limited â€“ both in scope and applicability. Only a couple hundred of the most common or "usually seen" mineral species are covered. Users may well come across rare species which are not covered here. The system also requires good enough samples of the minerals to perform the tests in the sections describing mineral species. It is probably not useful for the identification of micro-crystal samples. Still, it

########
Rank: 6
Score: 49.425537
Retrieved Text: Diamond’s characteristic chemical composition and crystal structure make it a unique member of the mineral kingdom.
Diamond is the only gem made of a single element: It is typically about 99.95 percent carbon. The other 0.05 percent can include one or more trace elements, which are atoms that aren’t part of the diamond’s essential chemistry. Some trace elements can influence its colour or crystal shape.
The way a mineral forms helps determine its identity. Diamond forms under high temperature and pressure conditions that exist only within a specific depth range (about 100 miles) beneath the earth’s surface. Diamond’s crystal structure is isometric, which means the carbon atoms are bonded in essentially the same way in all directions. Another mineral, graphite, also contains only carbon, but its formation process and crystal structure are very different. The result is that graphite is so soft that you can write with it, while diamond is so hard that you can only scratch it with another diamond.
Without any one of these factors, diamond might be just another mineral. Fortunately, though, this special combination of chemical composition, crystal structure, and formation process gives diamonds the qualities that make them extraordinary.
Blue sapphire belongs to the mineral species corundum. It can be a pure blue but ranges from greenish blue to violetish blue. The name “sapphire” can also apply to any corundum that’s not red and doesn’t qualify as ruby, another corundum variety.
The mineral corundum is composed only of aluminium and oxygen, and it requires a growth environment that’s free of silicon. However, silicon is a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.14183
Retrieved Text: Selenite / Gypsum for sale. Top quality specimens, great selection and prices. Shop Now!
Gypsum is an industrially important mineral. It is the primary ingredient of plaster-of-Paris, which is finely ground Gypsum, and it is used in the production of cement. It is also the main component of sheet rock. It is used as a flux for creating earthenware, and can be used as a fertilizer.
Gypsum is a relatively common mineral, and may be found throughout the world. Selenite denotes the clear crystal variety that is less common. Granular, massive gypsum is known as alabaster.
Mohs' scale of mineral hardness is named after Friedrich Mohs, a mineralogist who invented a scale of hardness based on the ability of one mineral to scratch another. Rocks are made up of one or more minerals. According to the scale, Talc is the softest: it can be scratched by all other materials. Gypsum is harder: it can scratch talc but not calcite, which is even harder.
It is important for them to examine the rock closely to identify minerals, see the size and shape of grains, look for small fossils or crystals, confirm the results of a hardness test, and much more. Click for more information .
Fossil Age Minerals offers rocks, minerals, fossils, jewelry, and gems for sale online. We guarantee the authenticity of our specimens. Buy from the world's largest selection for Rocks, Fossils & Minerals.
Gypsum - Yellow-brown discoidal crystals from 1 to 3cm in rosette cluster. . This and many more mineral specimens are available for sale at Dakota Matrix Minerals.
Back

########
Rank: 8
Score: 48.070965
Retrieved Text: The hardness of any mineral is defined by their Mohs scale number, harder the mineral, higher its Mohs number. The Mohs scale was devised by Friedrich Mohs, a German geologist, and mineralogist in 1812. This method is based on the ability of one mineral to visibly scratch the other(s).
Although the Mohs scale is not precise and strictly ordinal, it has a relevant use in geology mostly to identify various minerals. To perform the scratch test, metallurgist uses sclerometer or Turner–sclerometer. Below is the list of 12 Hardest Mineral in the World.
Talc is a mineral composed of hydrated magnesium silicate. On the scale of 10 hardest minerals, talc is listed as 1 on the Mohs hardness scale. Only cesium, rubidium with 0.2-0.3 hardness and lithium, sodium and potassium with 0.5-0.6 hardness are softer than Talc. It is a common metamorphic mineral in metamorphic belts of the western United States, western Alps and in the Himalayan region.
Gypsum is a sulfate mineral composed of calcium sulfate dihydrate. It is can be used as a fertilizer. Different forms of Gypsum are founded in ancient sculptures of Mesopotamia, Ancient Rome, and Byzantine empire. Orbital pictures from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) indicated the existence of Gypsum dunes in the extreme northern region of Mars. United States, Brazil, India are among the top 3 countries with the largest Gypsum reserves in the world. It is widely used in soil conditioner and tofu (soybean curd).
Calcite belongs to a carbonate group of minerals and it is the most stable polymorph of calcium carbonate. Calcite

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.055058
Retrieved Text: Diatomite: (Diatomaceous Earth) is composed essentially of the siliceous cases or "frustules" of minute plants known as diatoms which inhabit fresh and salt water. It is a very light, porous substance, somewhat friable.
Dyke: A dyke is an intrusion of magma into a fissure, shouldering aside other pre- existing bodies of rock; a dyke is always younger than the rocks that contain it.
Limonite: A secondary mineral which would have filled the microscopic voids in tree tissues as they decayed replacing wood with mineral.
Pillow lava: This rock shape is most often the result of undersea volcano eruptions. When lava from these eruptions was cooled quickly by the ocean it formed pillow shapes: as the outside hardened and then filled and burst, the fresh molten lava within then spilled over to form another pillow.
Porphyritic: A rock that has a distinct difference in the size of the crystals, with at least one group of crystals obviously larger than another group.
Protolith: The original rock from which a given metamorphic rock is formed. For example, the protolith of marble is limestone.
Ring dyke: A ring dyke typically forms when an underground pool of hot molten rock drains away. The pool's roof then collapses, forming cracks. Molten volcanic rock is then squeezed through the cracks to form dykes, which are roughly circular. As the softer rock eroded the hard volcanic dyke rock on the sides remained.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 47.50644
Retrieved Text: Minerals are the natural, inorganic (nonliving) materials that compose rocks. Examples are gems and metals. Minerals have a fixed chemical makeup and a definite crystal structure (its atoms are arranged in orderly patterns). Therefore, a sample of a particular mineral will have essentially the same composition no matter where it is from—Earth, the Moon, or beyond. Properties such as crystal shape, color, hardness, density, and luster distinguish minerals from each other. The study of the distribution, identification, and properties of minerals is called mineralogy.
Almost 4,000 different minerals are known, with several dozen new minerals identified each year. However, only 20 or so minerals compose the bulk of Earth's crust, the part of Earth extending from the surface downward to a maximum depth of about 25 miles (40 kilometers). These minerals are often called the rock-forming minerals.
Mineralogists group minerals according to the chemical elements they contain. Elements are substances that are composed of just one type of atom. Over 100 of these are known, of which 88 occur naturally. Only ten elements account for nearly 99 percent of the weight of Earth's crust. Oxygen is the most plentiful element, accounting for almost 50 percent of that weight. The remaining elements are (in descending order) silicon, aluminum, iron, calcium, sodium, potassium, magnesium, hydrogen, and titanium.
Crystal: Naturally occurring solid composed of atoms or molecules arranged in an orderly pattern that repeats at regular intervals.
Element: Pure substance composed of just one type of atom that cannot be broken down chemically into simpler substances.
Metallurgy: Science and technology of extracting metals from

########
Rank: 11
Score: 47.307087
Retrieved Text: A handful of very abundant minerals account for the great majority of the Earth's rocks. These rock-forming minerals are the ones that define the bulk chemistry of rocks and how rocks are classified. Other minerals are called accessory minerals. The rock-forming minerals are the ones to learn first. The usual lists of rock-forming minerals contain anywhere from seven to eleven names. Some of those represent groups of related minerals.
The amphiboles are important silicate minerals in granitic igneous rocks and metamorphic rocks. Learn more about them in the amphibole gallery.
Biotite is black mica, an iron-rich (mafic) silicate mineral that splits in thin sheets like its cousin muscovite. Learn more about biotite in the mica gallery.
Calcite, CaCO3, is the foremost of the carbonate minerals. It makes up most limestone and occurs in many other settings. Learn more about calcite here.
Dolomite, CaMg(CO3)2, is a major carbonate mineral. It is usually created underground where magnesium-rich fluids meet calcite. Learn more about dolomite.
Feldspars are a group of closely related silicate minerals that together make up the majority of the Earth's crust. This one is known as orthoclase.
The compositions of the various feldspars all blend together smoothly. If the feldspars can be considered a single, variable mineral, then feldspar is the most common mineral on Earth. All feldspars have a hardness of 6 on the Mohs scale, so any glassy mineral that's slightly softer than quartz is very likely to be a feldspar. A thorough knowledge of the feldspars is what separates geologists from the rest of us.
Learn more about the feldspar

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.99004
Retrieved Text: Jun 04, 2013Iron pyrite mining process and pyrite mineral dressing plant Pyrite instruction. Iron pyrite is known for its color of light brass and bright metallic luster.
pyrite mining in zimbabwe in malaysia manufacturer in Shanghai, China. pyrite mining in zimbabwe in malaysia is manufactured from Shanghai Xuanshi,It is the main get more information Pyrite Pyrite mineral information and data.
The report is focused on copper mining, and the water quality problems that are typically encountered in the mining and concentration of copper ores. Descriptions of mine processes assume current best practices (e.g., iron in the case of pyrite). In addition, the acid produced can further accelerate weathering rates.
If in doubt, just compare the colour of the sample with some good quality gold jewellery. Gold is much softer than pyrite, so soft that you can scratch it with your fingernail while it takes a good sharp knife blade to scratch pyrite.
Best Pyrite Farming Guide Mining Pyrite Updated for patch 4.3. Pyrite Ore is the highest level ore you can mine for in World of Warcraft, as of the release of the Cataclysm expansion.
Quiruvilca is famous for many things in mineral world, and it is known as one of the world's great localities for octahedral crystals of pyrite.
Experiment 1 The Effects of Coal Mining Table 1 pH of Water Samples Water Sample Initial pH Final pH (24-48 hours) Pyrite 6 4 Activated Carbon 7 8 Water 7 7 POST LAB QUESTIONS 1. Develop hypotheses predicting the effect of pyrite and coal on the acidity of water? a. Pyrite hypothesis

########
Rank: 13
Score: 46.837666
Retrieved Text: Mineral hardness is a trademark that is physical can be tried, figured and contrasted and different minerals. One technique is to attempt the hardness of one mineral against another. This is refined through the capacity of a harder material to scratch a milder one.
The Mohs’ Hardness Scale costs the hardness of a mineral general to other individuals. It totally was made by German mineralogist Friedrich Mohs. The Mohs’ Scale is one of a few meanings of hardness in materials innovation. Mohs construct his scale in light of ten minerals that are promptly accessible. The minerals are enlisted in the scale by finding the item that is hardest they can scratch. The Mohs’ scale is relative, not corresponding.
The table underneath looks at Mohs’ hardness to hardness that is absoluteas measured by a sclerometer). The Mohs’ scale is relative, which means it truly is a scale that is simply ordinal records the minerals all together of hardness yet does not indicate contrasts of hardness between your minerals as every mineral is only one unit away through the following. This would demonstrate that Quartz is 7 times harder than Talc and Diamond is just 10 times harder than Talc.
The hardness that is outright is corresponding demonstrating a quantitative distinction between the minerals. This demonstrates Quartz is really 100 times harder than Talc and Diamond is unmistakably 1500 times harder than Talc.
The tool was created to determine the amount of hardness of a given mineral by applying pressure on a diamond that is moving until a “scratch” has occurred.
Different types

########
Rank: 14
Score: 46.661545
Retrieved Text: recording of a judgment referencing the mineral interest.
The law is to clear up of property title issues which exist when mineral and surface estates are split, mineral interest owners maybe unknown or have no idea the interest is owned, and allow for the full development of real property in the state.
With the Act, a mineral interest owner can still record notice that the mineral interest should continue after a surface owner has started a legal action to terminate the mineral interest. If the mineral interest has been unused for 39 years or less, a mineral owner can file a late notice after the start of the legal action to terminate. If the mineral interest has been unused for more than 40 years, filing a late notice is not allowed under the Act.
In Ellis, seven landowners in Garrett County brought an action to terminate the mineral interests of roughly 76 heirs who had inherited mineral interests from one original owner in the late 1800s. The mineral interests had no activity (mining or oil and gas wells) or any filing made to preserve these interests in more than 40 years. The circuit court terminated the dominant mineral interest in both cases, and the mineral interest owners in both cases appealed, claiming the termination was an uncompensated taking of private property and the Dormant Mineral Act operated retrospective.
The Maryland Declaration of Rights forbids laws from operating retrospectively, and the Maryland Constitution prohibits the government from taking property without compensating landowners. In looking at the retrospectively issue, laws cannot operate

########
Rank: 15
Score: 46.24117
Retrieved Text: Do You Know How to Protect Your Relocation Program From the Hidden Costs of Mineral Rights Issues?
What on Earth do mineral rights have to do with relocation? When relocation policies include home sale programs, it’s important to make sure the properties you take on don’t pose a big risk to your company. Because of this, your employees must have a clear, marketable title on their properties to qualify for a home sale program.
But mineral rights, defined in detail below, can complicate a home sale, causing problems with valuation and adding risk. If mineral rights are severed from the property rights or if an employee wants to sever the mineral rights themselves, the resulting complications may be something your company wants to avoid.
Simply stated, mineral rights are a landowner's right to receive a portion of the profits of any minerals that are extracted from the land. The term “mineral rights” refers to the numerous ways the owner can profit from the resources in the ground on their property.
In most countries of the world, all mineral resources belong to the government. This includes all valuable rocks, minerals, oil or gas found on or within the earth. Organizations or individuals in those countries cannot legally extract and sell any mineral commodity without first obtaining an authorization from the government.
However, in the United States, ownership of mineral resources was originally granted to the individuals or organizations that owned the surface. These property owners had both "surface rights" and "mineral rights." This complete private ownership is known as a "fee simple

########
Rank: 16
Score: 46.19959
Retrieved Text: Otis Paradisco Sunglasses by Otis Eyewear shows off masculine design sense with an edge that will take you from the street to the beach without a hitch. This style will flatter medium- to large-sized heads with almost any face shape. Otis Paradisco Sunglasses by Otis Eyewear are made from Swiss TR90 Grilamid frame materials to make them both lightweight and extra durable. Pair that with the signature Otis Mineral Glass Lenses and you've got a sure-fire winner.
Buy Otis Paradisco Sunglasses in Black / Cool Grey online at the Sunglass Garage today!
Mineral Glass Lens: Mineral Glass lenses provide the most optically correct, scratch-resistant, distortion-free vision of any lens material in the world. Nothing else really compares to a glass lens. Mineral Glass is created from natural elements like sand and soda ash. This material is endlessly recyclable and harmless to humans and animals alike. If you want the best of the best, you've gotta try these Mineral Glass lenses. You'll love them.
6 Base Lens Curve: The Base Curve is a measure of the front curvature of the lens. The higher the number, the greater the curve. 6 Base lenses are generally flatter across the front of the frame/lens. 8 Base lenses have a greater curve for a more wrapped look.
Swiss TR90 Grilamid Frame: This material combines high performance technology with a low weight ratio making it perfect for active lifestyles. TR90 is extremely durable and impact resistant. Swiss TR90 Grilamid is the lightest engineered plastic in existence. It maximizes wearer comfort without compromising style or color.
100% UVA/UVB

########
Rank: 17
Score: 46.15688
Retrieved Text: Paraffinum Liquidum (mineral oil) is a petroleum by-product and is created through distillation. Mineral oil is completely transparent and is basically a liquid form of petroleum jelly. It is produced in large quantities and is used in many different ways all over the world, mostly due to its low toxicity and low cost. Mineral oil is safe for both skin contact as well as ingestion, and can be found in most drug stores. It can be used as a preservative, lubricant, coolant, and non-conductive thermal fluid.
Mineral oil is an alkane/paraffin that is composed entirely of hydrogen and carbon. Mineral oil is one of dozens of other by-products of petroleum distillation, making it a liquid petrolatum. Naturally, mineral oil is very oily but can easily be removed with soap and water.
Mineral oil literally has dozens of applications and can be used for a wide variety of purposes. For example, baby oil is simply mineral oil that is mixed with fragrances. Mineral oil can be used for hygienic purposes to remove makeup or other skin-based materials and can also help the skin absorb sunlight without over-drying or burning. It can also be used as a laxative, as an adjuvant in animal vaccinations, and as a preservative that makes wood and soapstone look newer while making clay look older. Mineral oil can be applied to the eyelashes to prevent brittleness, to the ear canal to loosen earwax, and to animal skin to kill bacteria or remove unshed skin. It can also be used as a coolant and insulator in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 46.031376
Retrieved Text: Alabaster is found in caves in the form of mineral deposits.
Calcite alabaster was originally imported from Egypt.
Alabaster is found in caves in the form of stalagmites.
Alabaster is a term which is used to refer to two forms of calcium. Both are characterized by being creamy to snow white in color, and they have been used in carving, ornaments, and ornamental statuary for centuries. The color is so memorable that the word is also used to refer to other white objects, which is why romance novels refer to “alabaster bosoms.” Numerous examples of carved alabaster can be found in museums and venerable buildings all over the world.
The ancients favored calcite alabaster, a very hard form of calcium carbonate. This stone was originally imported from Egypt, a country which also produced a number of works of art using this mineral. It is often found in caverns as a deposited mineral in the form of stalagmites. Modern alabaster is usually gypsum alabaster, or calcium sulfate. Gypsum is much softer than calcite, and it is found extensively in England, where deposits of seawater slowly evaporated over the course of centuries. However, the ancients knew and used both forms.
While white is the classic color associated with alabaster, the mineral can also occur in other colors, such as pale brown or reddish, and it may be veined with color. It is often slightly translucent, and some carvers work the stone to bring out this natural translucence, which gives it a sort of glow. Thinly sliced alabaster has also been used to make

########
Rank: 19
Score: 46.029945
Retrieved Text: The game can be played by anyone, anywhere and doesn't require any special items to play.
Due to it's simplicity it can be very easily played in the car helping entertain children on those long road trips.
The game starts with one player thinking of an object that can be classified as an animal, vegetable, or mineral. The object can be as broad as a type of animal like a dog or even more specific like a Great Dane. Or even more specific like the name of a particular Great Dane. If you choose to be that specific make sure all players know the name of the dog.
For this game an animal is qualified as anything that is currently an animal or was once an animal. For example it could be a cow or steak or leather shoes. All are considered an animal.
A plant can be a simple plant or anything made from a plant like paper or a cotton shirt.
A mineral is anything that is inorganic and is not made of plant or animal. This could be a rock, a plastic object, or a car. If in the example of the car, the car has leather seats, you choose to classify the object by what the majority of what it is made from. In this case it would be metal which is classified as a mineral.
The person who thought of the object let's the other players know whether the object is a animal, plant, or mineral. Then the other players ask questions that can be answered with

########
Rank: 20
Score: 46.014137
Retrieved Text: Recent studies have linked using washing your face with mineral water regularly is extremely beneficial. The reason behind this is because the mineral water contains silica, which will strengthen the cells that are present between the elastin fibers and collagen in the face. Additionally, it can plump the skin and will help reduce the formation of fine lines and wrinkles. While drinking this water is beneficial, it can be even more beneficial when you use mineral water for skin care.
If you are unable to afford the pricey spa treatments of mineral water baths and wraps, there are some ways you can still take advantage of this method of using mineral water for skin care, without breaking the bank. The following list provides real people with tips to implement a skin care regimen featuring mineral water into your everyday beauty routine.
Tip# 1 : Use the mineral water between cleansing your face and moisturizing your face.
There is no doubt that if you use for washing and rinsing purposes you are bound to spend quite a bit of money. However, if you simply soak your washcloth in water and then wipe over your skin you will still receive the benefits it has to offer. Always be sure to moisturize when done for optimum results.
Tip# 2 : Mix the mineral water with your toner.
Before using a cotton puff to apply your skin toner, soak it in mineral water. Then put a dab of toner and wipe over the skin. This is a great way to combing the benefits of mineral

########
Rank: 21
Score: 45.83902
Retrieved Text: Gemstone Hardness and What Does It Mean?
Often I was asked by customers how durable a gemstone is, or will it get damaged easily. One main factor of determining whether the gemstone can stay shiny and polished for a long time, or the general longevity of it, is to look at its hardness.
Hardness of a gemstone refers to its ability to withstand scratches, or its “scratchability”. Gemstones with a higher hardness can stay shiny and new for a longer time (more on that later).
First, we need to know what gemstone hardness is.
Mohs scale of hardness is widely used to measure the hardness of gemstones. Created by German mineralogist Friedrich Mohs in 1822, each gem is assigned a hardness number. A gem is able to scratch another one with a lower hardness number (and be scratched by a higher number gem). These 10 gems are selected to represent the scale from 1 to 10 because they can easily be obtained in a highly pure form.
For example, fingernails have a hardness of about 2.5, and can scratch gemstones like talc and gypsum. A knife, with a hardness of about 5.5, will scratch gems like fluorite and apatite.
However, using hardness test is not common. Who would want a scratch on a beautifully faceted moonstone? So testing hardness by scratching a stone is mainly for rough materials.
Hardness doesn’t indicate whether the stone is breakable. Being the hardest gem, diamond can still break when knocked at certain angles. Story goes in the early days of prospecting for diamonds, many struck a sledgehammer

########
Rank: 22
Score: 45.694614
Retrieved Text: For optimal acoustic performance when it comes to soundproofing, you need to look into soundproofing insulation. It is a special type of soundproofing material because it works by creating an acoustic barrier that prevents sound from traveling any further.
So, if you’re interesting in stopping the type of noise leakage that results in sounds traveling from one room to another in your home, an insulation barrier is the noise-absorbing solution that you’ve been looking for all this time.
Soundproofing insulation is perfect for homeowners who are remodeling or finishing up a new build and want optimal soundproofing in the house. The end result is a home that gives you the ultimate quiet oasis and privacy from annoying outside noises.
If you are seriously considering soundproofing insulation for your walls and ceilings, you will find that it is normally made of mineral wool. However, some manufacturers list it as “rockwool,” which is the same thing. Other materials that it can be made from include fiberglass, cotton and cellulose. For the best results when soundproofing a room, we suggest you stick with rockwool or mineral wool rigid panel products.
As you browse the available soundproofing insulation on the market, you’ll find that it comes in either the rigid panel style or the softer batts style. One important thing to keep in mind is that although these products are considered insulation, they are not recommended for attics or exterior walls because they’re not just thermally efficient. Instead, stick to ceilings, floors and interior walls when installing these products.
If mineral wool is your preferred

########
Rank: 23
Score: 45.560425
Retrieved Text: 1) While we do understand that district rangers desire to possess an enforcement mechanism to more-easily deal with some small percentage of mineral operators (or persons masquerading as mineral operators), we are worried that some districts will abuse the enforcement mechanism to make it even more difficult for legitimate mineral operators to prospect and develop valuable deposits on USFS lands.
Several years ago, when the Final Rule concerning Section 228 was adopted, we were promised by USFS Minerals Staff in Washington D.C. that there would be a very strong effort to ensure that only fully-trained minerals officers would be allowed to manage minerals operations, and such officers would be trained that existing laws instruct USFS to encourage mineral development on the public lands. We were assured that the abusive policies (against mineral developers) adopted by some district and regional USFS staff would be eliminated as a result of an internal push from Washington D.C., mainly through a well-organized educational program.
Years later, we still find ourselves at the hands of some USFS staff that are continuing a hostile management policy towards mineral developers. This is especially true in Northern California with management from the Orleans Ranger District, where the minerals officer (Leslie Burrows) has gone so far as to inform members of our organization that even the activity of gold panning would require a formal NOI which would take as long as 6 months to process before the activity would be “approved.” This, even though gold panning is specifically excluded from any NOI requirement! Miss Burrows and the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 45.363148
Retrieved Text: As well as being broadly categorised as either crystalline or amorphous, solids are also often described as being either minerals or organic solids. It is therefore probably useful at this point to briefly look at what these terms mean.
We will look first at minerals. These are generally defined as being naturally occurring materials that are solid at room temperature, can be described using a chemical formula, have an ordered atomic arrangement, and are not abiogenic (in other words, they are inorganic; they do not occur as the result of the activities of living organisms).
Most minerals are crystalline in form (we'll discuss what that means in due course), and are created as the result of geological processes. The word mineral is thought to be derived from the Medieval Latin term minerale, which loosely translated means "something mined" or "substance obtained by mining".
Even though, by definition, minerals are naturally occurring, they can be either elemental substances or chemical compounds. Diamond and graphite, for example, are both naturally occurring allotropes of the element carbon (interestingly, diamond is the hardest natural mineral, while graphite is one of the softest). Common non-elemental minerals, some of which you may have heard of, include talc, gypsum, quartz, topaz and corundum.
The hardness of a mineral substance is one of the things that is of interest to mineralogists (a mineralogist is someone who studies minerals), because it is one of the ways in which a mineral substance can be identified. One of the most widely used methods for testing the hardness of a mineral substance

########
Rank: 25
Score: 45.346775
Retrieved Text: The popularity of mineral face makeup such as bare minerals make up has continued to rise as women look for the most natural makeup products for their aging skin. One of the features touted by the mineral makeup brands is the natural organic mineral ingredients in the makeup. They say this agrees with sensitive skin and I’ve even heard the slogan that it’s so natural you can sleep in it. Well, you don’t want to sleep in your makeup no matter how natural it is!
I use a very light pass of moisturizer, concealer, and liquid foundation on my face first. Then, I use the mineral makeup to add some natural color and it sets the underlying makeup for a flawless finish. Since I already have a light makeup application on my skin before I ever use the mineral makeup powders, the mineral ingredients aren’t going directly on my bare skin. Therefore, it really doesn’t matter to me whether I buy bare essentials brand makeup or a cheap discount mineral makeup alternative. Most types agree with my skin and to me it doesn’t matter much.
That being said, I totally love mineral make up brands not for their ingredients but rather for the natural looking colors. The greatest thing about mineral make up is that the colors are generally super natural looking earth tone beige’s and tans. I love that. Natural colors are the beauty secret for an anti-aging makeup effect on an older woman. So, consider trying out some of these mineral makeup brands not so much

########
Rank: 26
Score: 45.333115
Retrieved Text: Is Mineral Water Worth the Extra Cost?
For most people, drinking enough water is a constant struggle. It always seems like no matter how much water you drink, it’s still nowhere close to the recommended amount of eight glasses a day. And unless you want to walk around carrying a gallon of water all day to remind you to drink, it seems like you’ll never really get enough. In addition to worrying about how much water you drink, should you also be concerned about what type of water you drink? Some health experts argue that quality is just as important as quantity.
Mineral water claims to promote all sorts of health benefits, including lower blood pressure, better acid/alkaline balance in the body, and even weight loss. But is mineral water all it’s cracked up to be or just another gimmicky health hack that you don’t need to waste your money on? We’ve done the research and lay it all out in this article.
Simply put, mineral water is water that contains several different minerals (duh, right?), such as magnesium, sodium, zinc, and calcium but it can also contain sulfur compounds. Mineral water can either be sparkling or “still” be depending on if there are any gasses added to it.
During our ancestor’s time, mineral water was usually consumed right at the source. Today, most mineral water is bottled at the source and then distributed throughout the world. Ths works better for society because you don’t have to seek an underground cave anymore if you want to consume mineral water. Research

########
Rank: 27
Score: 45.31958
Retrieved Text: Attrition Scrubbers/Cells McLanahanAttrition Scrubbers, also known as Attrition Cells, are used to liberate deleterious material and remove it from competent aggregate material. They are also proven to liberate clays, reducing product turbidity, and to break apart loosely conglomerated clusters in Frac Sand Plants. In an integrated process utilizing both.attrition scrubber sand processing,with attrition scrubbers - SPX FlowOct 18, 2013 . effect an attrition scrubber creates causes softer materials to be abraded more quickly. In platinum processing, for example, this increases recovery of the precious metal, as the gangue host quartz is removed to expose the platinum beneath. Attrition scrubbers also add value in glass sand production, as the.Attrition Scrubbers - Hayward GordonAttrition scrubbing is the process where a mineral is scrubbed primarily by the action of the slurry particles impacting one another. This type of particle scrubbing achieves the desired “cleaned” particles while minimizing wear on the equipment. Results of scrubbing: • Exposes fresh surface of particles to reagents. • Cleans.
+61 2 8825 1799 .minerals. E-mail: minerals. Minerals Processing. Minerals (Brasil) Ltda. Av. Independéncia, 2.500 . Spiral Dewaterers. Our ranges: Filtration Equipment. Vertical Plate Pressure. Filters. Tube Presses. Classifiers. Spiral Classifier. Mixers. Agitators. Attrition Scrubbers.
mineral processing to water treatment. Some of industries where attritioning has proven successful include: - Platinum. * Cºal Fines. * Base Metals and Minerals. • Heavy Minerals and Beach Sands. - Silica Sand. • Lime Slaking. * Industrial Minerals. •8 ATTRITION SCRUBBER. TYPES AND SIZES. Pilot scale units start with.
Westpro's versatile attrition scrubbers provide efficient slurry scrubbing solutions for applications in a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 45.066963
Retrieved Text: Within gold ores, the element occurs in nature chiefly as native gold, which is by far the most common gold bearing mineral. In various gold ores, the native gold commonly occurs as tiny particles contained within sulfide minerals such as pyrite. Iron pyrite is an exceedingly common associate with gold, but it also serves as a reducing agent .
Quartz is a common mineral that is found in many different types of rocks. The chemical formula is Silicon oxide (SiO2). One type of quartz is easily identified by its hexagonal crystals, but quartz can also be found in a large mass. Quartz can be broken or weathered into the tiny pieces we know as sand. Quartz is a very hard mineral and .
Different minerals crystallize at different temperatures (olivine at high temperatures, quartz at low temperatures), and therefore the mineral composition of an igneous rock can tell us something about the cooling history of that rock.
GOLD COLORS. Gold jewelry is not pure gold. It is an alloy; a mixture of metals. Gold jewelry can be alloyed with silver, copper, zinc, palladium, and nickel to create different gold .
Hence crystals of gold are found in cavities in quartz reefs or in softer minerals such as iron oxides where they have been able to push aside the enclosing material as they grew. Gold crystallises in the cubic system, and perhaps the most common variety is the eight-sided octahedron.
Mineral Show Photos From the 2010 Tucson Gem, Mineral & Fossil Show. Uses of Granite Uses of Granite The rock used everywhere

########
Rank: 29
Score: 45.052303
Retrieved Text: Option to Sell Mineral Rights? Not so fast!
Have you been approached with an option to sell mineral rights? Normally when you sell mineral rights you spend some time locating a buyer at a reputable company like US Mineral Exchange. The buyer will then provide you with a PSA (purchase and sale agreement) and then completes the due diligence and subsequent sale. When you are given an option to sell mineral rights this should be a huge red flag!
An option to sell mineral rights is not selling mineral rights. An option to sell mineral rights is giving up control your property someone else. The person who holds the option now has the ability to negotiate for the sale of your property as if it were their property. When you sign an option to sell mineral rights, you are typically leaving thousands of dollars on the table.
When you are approached to sell mineral rights, everything will seem normal at first. The individual/company offering to “purchase” your mineral rights will negotiate the price with you. One the price has been agreed upon, they will send you “the contract” for your signature. More often than not they won’t even tell you it’s an option contract they will simply tell you it’s the contract you need to sign to start the process.
Once you sign an option to sell mineral rights you have locked yourself into a specific price. The trick is that the “buyer” isn’t actually the buyer in most situations even though they acted like they were. Their goal is

================



======= Instance Index 167 =========
Input Text: A black wall reflects little light, a pink wall reflects pink light a while wall

Which is the correct answer?
- bounces little light
- bounces all light
- bounces blue light
- bounces red light

Target Text: bounces all light

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 59.63772
Retrieved Text: Posted on March 27, 2019 by William A.
A large mirror reflects the reading nook, and elongates the look of wood storage cupboards. Royal blue paintwork announces the entryway to the bedroom.
The bedroom can be hidden away with a sliding white door, which flatly blends with the surrounding wall.
A coral coloured arch leads to the stairwell; a rectangle of the same colour gives the doorway a wider look. A modern dining set stands in front of the coral door arch, teamed with colour coordinated decorative vases and a white dining pendant light.
Patterned tiles map out the dining room.
Bottle green kitchen cabinets and tiles make up the colour block cooking area.
Moving through the coral arched doorway toward the stairwell, we find a bold pink and blue hallway design.
A contemporary dividing wall design has been introduced into the home, which separates the bathroom from the hallway.
The sleeping corner of the minimalist bedroom has no colour other than the natural tones of wood flooring and a timber bed base. A white modern wall sconce provides reading light. However, mirrored closet doors reveal a blue area on the opposite side of the room.
A pink window wall links the blue home office to the dressing area.
Blue storage cabinets, bookshelves and a blue desk merge seamlessly to define intended use as a complete home office. The sliding door between the lounge and the bedroom is solid blue on this side. A wooden Wegner Elbow chair matches a subtle wooden trim on the blue cabinetry.
Mirror is applied to the side of the largest blue

########
Rank: 1
Score: 56.046097
Retrieved Text: Published 04/21/2019 08:15:07 am at 04/21/2019 08:15:07 am in Pink Wall Lamp.
pink wall lamp fubbla led wall lamp light pink ikea ikea fubbla led wall lamp safety tested and tamperproof to protect little fingers.
find the perfect pink paint color design by steven gambrel photo by william waldron, hello kitty wall lamp love you forever hello kitty mejie hello kitty wall lamp love you forever hello kitty cute doll wall lamp decoration lamp large cartoon bedroom lamp, sweet savings on color plus pale pink niko swing arm wall lamp color plus pale pink niko swing arm wall lamp, kids girls bedroom light pink wall sconce lighting led led kids girls bedroom light pink wall sconce lighting , creative cartoon kitty cat princess snow white mini wall lamps creative cartoon kitty cat princess snow white mini wall lamps children room pink wall lights home deco kids lighting fixturein led indoor wall lamps from , ikea fubbla wall lamp light pink amazoncom ikea fubbla wall lamp light pink, smila blomma wall lamp ikea , lovely pink wall sconce kw advancedmassagebysara finest ikea pink flower lamp image collections flower decoration ideas ut, pink baby child luxury wall sconce lighting european sconce wall pink baby child luxury wall sconce lighting european sconce wall light mirror front lamp bedside crystal, , wall lamp nursery the ambience with joy brights hum ideas nursery set up wall lamp sticker side table.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 55.350456
Retrieved Text: Talking about painting wood floors, it is always tempting; when you consider painting your walls, go with white. After all, white goes with everything and, if you have a floor of wood or wood effect, then you know that end result will look good. However, sometimes it is good to have a little colored. It is a little bolder with regard to decoration of room and chooses a color of painting wood floors that complements your hardwood and reflects your personality and taste.
First thing to consider is your existing furniture and carpets. Any color you choose will have to combine them. Next consideration is subfloor color. Determines if subfloor is reddish or yellow or brown. Some light woods have a pink undertone. A yellow wall will not look as good with a pink floor happy tone. Place samples of painting wood floors will help; a confrontation will make it look obvious. Determine how much light enters room, because quality of light affects color. For example, you can paint a room white to maximize light and then discover that walls are gray. Finally, consider function of room, one bedroom has a combination of relaxing colors, whereas a kitchen may require some bolder.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 54.586197
Retrieved Text: pink tufted headboard sophisticated bedroom features a a dusty pink tufted headboard with wood frame on bed dressed in dusty pink bedding flanked by round brass a pink tufted headboard full.
led light tables romantic light furniture light table led bar led table led bar table led light up dining table.
removing bathroom tiles removing ceramic tile from bathroom walls remove wall tile removing bathroom tile how to remove a removing ceramic tile from bathroom removing bathroom tiles from floor.
backsplash prices glass subway tile super blowout stone backsplash prices.
spot light for home wholesale led modern light up down wall lamp square spot light sconce lighting home indoor wall lights outdoor waterproof wall lamps black white by spotlight home staging and desig.
cabinet hardware placement kitchen cabinet hardware placement options kitchen cabinet hardware placement options home hardware kitchen hardware for cabinets 8 kitchen cabinet hardware kitchen cabinet.
robinson furniture garden city ks house robinson furniture store garden city ks.
commercial kitchen at home camp kitchen tour commercial kitchen vs home kitchen harbour breeze home commercial kitchen tiles home depot.
bathroom heating ideas small bathroom heater small bathroom heater bathroom heater wall mounted bathroom heaters ceiling mounted ceiling mounted small bathroom heater small bathroom heating ideas.
stone wall rust rusty slate wall house a rust slate wall rough stone wall rust c4.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 54.569496
Retrieved Text: Published 04/23/2019 04:00:56 pm at 04/23/2019 04:00:56 pm in Pink Wall Lamp.
pink wall lamp pretty pink wall room furniture wall lamp png image and clipart cromia wall lamp in pink from plato design for sale at pamono cromia wall lamp in pink from plato design.
grey bedroom accent wall living ideas bedroom bright pink accents grey bedroom accent wall living ideas bedroom bright pink accents wall light grey dark flooring gray bedroom accent wall, hudson valley rousseau aged brass inch one light wall sconce with hudson valley rousseau aged brass inch onelight wall sconce with pink glass, light flower wall lamp light led glass pink pink flower wall light flower wall lamp light led glass pink, kids wall lamp one forty three salmon pink wall sconce for kids kids wall lamp , ikea fubbla wall lamp light pink amazoncom ikea fubbla wall lamp light pink, avanthika e wall sconces mounted wall lamps idyllic children are avanthika e wall sconces mounted wall lamps idyllic children are girls princess bedroom marriage room pink, nordic modern garden white pink wall lamps corridor aisle living nordic modern garden white pink wall lamps corridor aisle living room bedroom iron fabric wall light, flexa monty wall lamp pink babies kids bedrooms pinterest flexa monty wall lamp pink, botimi cute children wall lamp pink carton iron girls led wall botimicutechildrenwalllamppinkcartonjpg, amazoncom tools home improvementlighting ceiling fans wall tools home improvementlighting ceiling fans wall lamp pink princess childrens room wall, wall light ballroom pink cm hcm design by us nedgis ballroom applique murale wall light

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.293293
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 12:42:00 am at 04/24/2019 12:42:00 am in Pink Wall Lamp.
pink wall lamp lfh cute creative pink wall lamps led home lighting kids room suspension wall lights for the elephant cartoon e wall lamp sconces flush mount pink cloth elephant cartoon e wall lamp sconces flush mount pink cloth wall light light fixtures boy and girl bedroom child room f from james.
diy lawn flamingo wall lamps lawn flamingos hand saw super glue cleat socket here cord here light bulb drill and drill bits wall screws, tiger lily pink wall light flower shaped lights licious craft tiger lily pink wall light flower shaped lights licious, plug in wall lamps for bedroom chrome makeup chair frame orange plug in wall lamps for bedroom chrome makeup chair frame orange bedroom bench light pink wall, avanthika e wall sconces mounted wall lamps idyllic children are avanthika e wall sconces mounted wall lamps idyllic children are girls princess bedroom marriage room pink, ikea reannounces and expands recall of childrens wallmounted lamps snig childrens wallmounted lamp, crown wall lamps cheap peicepink wall lamp decoration lights buy crown wall lamps cheap peicepink wall lamp decoration lights, cartoon princess room fabric wall lamp baby room pink wall cartoon princess room fabric wall lamp baby room pink wall light kids bedsides wall lights fixtures , kids wall lamp one forty three salmon pink wall sconce for kids kids wall lamp , ikea fubbla wall lamp light pink amazoncom ikea fubbla wall lamp light pink, our guide to the best neutral paint colors that white

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.228073
Retrieved Text: The central hall vault of Paveletskaya station has a small domes (caissons built for decor) containing light fittings. The floor is paved with grey-pink granite. The broad archways in central hall are formed by free-striding marble faced columns. Each column has a bronze medallion on the top with Soviet emblem, hammer and sickle, emitting rays that form a kind of ribbed vault.
View from the grounds of Moscow Kremlin on fortification wall and a small Tsarskaya Tower (Tsar’s Tower) framed by trees and bushes in a summer season. The tower was put onto the fortification wall in 1680 and its name reflects the old legend about a four-faceted wooden turret with Tsar Ivan the Terrible’s throne inside.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 54.184906
Retrieved Text: Pink baby girl nursery with striped walls, ruffled fuschia curtains and polka dot sheers.
There are SO many decorating ideas to show you in this "Pink-a-Licious" pink nursery decorated by Lara Mark owner of Lara Mark Designs for a special baby girl. Prepare to stay awhile because if you are in the process of decorating a baby girl nursery of your own, you will not want to miss a single detail; this room is just that cute!
It was difficult to believe that this nursery was the debut project of her interior design business.
Can anyone really be that good just starting out?
Yes, a decorator like Lara can be just that amazing as you will see in the following nursery pictures!
In addition to the striped wall painting technique, Lara decorated with polka dots, flowers and added many special touches that make a very unique presentation.
The walls are painted with stripes in different shades of pink by Benjamin Moore called Pink Carnation and Blushing Bride.
The warmth of the nursery's color scheme is balanced by just the right amount of green in the crib bedding set.
The branches of the tree wall decal on the upper portion of the nursery wall are covered with flowers and birds.
Lara did a super job of choosing the perfect tree wall decal in spite of the many, many choices offered by an Etsy store called Wall Art Design.
A window beside the chair and ottoman set give mom and baby natural light and a nice view.
The floor length ruffled fuchsia (?) curtain panels can be pulled back

########
Rank: 8
Score: 54.029453
Retrieved Text: stirring pink bean bag chair bean bags pink snug bean bag chair cash factory furniture snug bean pink bean bag chair kids room decals.
stunning bean bags bean bag chair bean bag chairs in excellent home decor ideas with kids room decor ideas.
wonderful wall bedroom furniture dark walls light furniture dark bedroom furniture and light walls wall mount table wall bedroom furniture wall mounted bedroom furniture uk.
exceptional farmhouse country style decor black console buffet with artwork kylie m e kids room paint.
shocking drywall mold with black mould on ceilings in bedrooms black mold on walls in bedroom.
impressive living room wall shelves shelving designs for masterly overlooked places in your to create more systems.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 53.570946
Retrieved Text: Girls Bedroom Ideas – Children and teenagers spend a lot of time in their bedroom. For sleeping, playing, studying, and doing their hobbies. A bedroom should follow the owner’s unique personalities. These girl bedroom ideas can be good preferences for you who want to have stylish, practical, cozy, comfortable, and playful bedroom design for little princesses in the family.
If you have older girls, don’t worry, because these little girl’s bedroom ideas are not only for children but also can be used for teenage girl room. By using room spaces efficiently and perfect color palettes, you can change small room in your house into cozy bedrooms with these ideas.
Sweet and cute bedroom design for a little girl who loves to explore her imaginary world. Pink colored dominated girl room with a little faux leather soft pink sofa, unicorn’s head on the wall to give a cute accent to your little girl bedroom design.
Simple single bed with a pink curtain to protect her precious dreams, metallic colors star-shaped pillows, and fairytale-themed wall decorations can give the room an enchanted forest vibe. Not just that, with some plush animal toys, they can make the room feel more alive and stimulate the owner’s imaginations. This sweet and charming bedroom design is perfect for your little princess and her imaginary friends.
Living the fairytale dream with the soft pink and white colored bedroom design. With a mini chandelier to give a classic touch to your little girl’s bedroom ideas and yellow LED Tumblr lamp to bring out the magical fairytale fantasies.
You can

########
Rank: 10
Score: 53.271217
Retrieved Text: shower niche insert clean transition shower niche insert canada.
extra tall shower curtain magnolia shower curtain cute extra tall shower curtain curtains teal colored cabinet cute extra tall shower curtain curtains teal extra tall shower curtain clear.
toilet bowl ring how to get rid of a severely stained toilet bowl ideas from toilet bowl ring toilet bowl ring home depot.
toilet and bidet toilet bidet attachment uk.
faux tile shower wall panels acrylic shower walls faux tile shower wall panels new best acrylic shower walls images on acrylic faux tile shower wall panels canada.
closetmaid suite symphony accessories cube organizer accessories closetmaid suite symphony 16 in starter tower.
closet door light switch closet door light switch closet lights full size of stained glass light fixture and home ideas design pictures home design ideas living room closet door light switch retrofit.
toilet float replacement how to replace toilet flappers and tank balls adjust toilet float kohler toilet float valve replacement.
maximize closet space step 3 use containers that maximize vertical space maximize closet space pinterest.
pink and black shower curtain pink floral shower curtains modern flower shower curtain lovely red rose pink floral black background waterproof pink floral shower curtains light pink and black shower c.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 53.238956
Retrieved Text: accent wall in gray room grey master bedroom accent wall ideas.
accent wall in gray room lavender accent wall purple and grey room bedrooms dining room wallpaper accent wall lavender paint for.
accent wall in gray room bedroom comfy gray bedroom wall design plus splendid dark gray accent wall design even endearing.
accent wall in gray room gray accent wall grey bedroom black accent wall dark walls bedrooms grey accent wall in kitchen gray accent wall light gray bedroom.
accent wall in gray room dark grey accent wall gray living in bedroom dark grey accent wall purple bedroom living ideas items master kitchen.
accent wall in gray room dark grey accent wall gray walls what color furniture goes with living dining room colors for com.
accent wall in gray room grey accent wall bedroom dark grey accent wall dark grey accent wall grey accent wall in grey accent wall bedroom.
accent wall in gray room accent wall for gray room living round wooden table beige solid wood shelves pink walls sectional accent wall for gray room.
accent wall in gray room pictures gallery of gray accent wall.
accent wall in gray room gray and cream living room accent wall for gray room gray accent wall living room contemporary.
accent wall in gray room grey bedroom with accent wall dark grey accent wall gray bedroom.
accent wall in gray room view in gallery relaxing bedroom with an accent wall of recycled wood.
accent wall in gray room green accent wall gray accent wall bedroom accent wall gray bedroom transitional with black painted furniture.
accent wall in gray room.
accent wall in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 53.112923
Retrieved Text: dreaded black bedroom decor black bedroom furniture room decor.
excellent bedroom is stunning with our headboard chandelier throw and peony plaques red black white bedroom decor ideas.
magnificent pink and grey bedroom black and pink bedroom decor log in pink girls girl pink black bedroom decor black and pink bedroom pink and grey bedroom curtains black light bedroom decor.
awesome how to decorate your bedroom with black bedroom furniture black and white bedroom wall decor.
unique all black bedroom black bedroom bedroom brilliant all black bedroom for modern all black bedroom black all black bedroom red and black bedroom wall decor.
literarywondrous lovely bedroom designs red room ideas red and black bedroom decorating ideas black and white bedroom decor fresh lovely lovely bedroom pictures pink black and gold bedroom decor.
unbelievable create a gorgeous design in your bedroom by using a black accent wall and simple black and white decor and decorative pillows red black white bedroom decor ideas.
formidable black bedroom decor red black bedroom decor pink and black bedroom decorating ideas.
unique beautiful black bedroom furniture sets queen best black bedroom sets ideas only on black red and black bedroom images.
stupendous red and black bedroom wall decor.
unusual black bedroom decor pink and black zebra bedroom decor red black and silver bedroom decor.
surprising black bedroom furniture with gray walls black bedroom furniture tips and suggestions to enjoy an adorable look home design 6 black black white gold bedroom decor.
awful red and black room decor teal white and black bedroom accessories cute turquoise bedrooms red black black light decorations rooms.
exceptional purple and black furniture

########
Rank: 13
Score: 52.696056
Retrieved Text: chalk paint wall chalkboard wall ideas chalk paint wall ideas black chalkboard paint black chalkboard wall simple white wooden.
easy balloon flower balloon flower.
pink and blue rug pink and teal rug pink area rug light pink and teal rug pink and teal rug.
tv stand with doors 2 door corner stand.
handheld vacuum with cord small handheld vacuum cleaners handheld vacuum cleaner lightweight handheld handheld vacuum cleaner lightweight handheld vacuum cleaner.
daylily rust rust is a fungus with a complex life cycle but it can re infect without its alternate host.
doors box set the doors autographed ltd signed infinite vinyl box set.
air vent cover deflect o 5 1 2 in h x in w.
farmhouse bedding farmhouse bedding set farmhouse bedding set modern farmhouse bedding modern farmhouse bed modern farmhouse bedding set.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 52.46392
Retrieved Text: glass bottle lamp wine bottle lamp buy a large bottle of wine and an 8 lamp kit at love the light and airy look of a glass lamp glass bottle lamp ideas.
outdoor tiki lights outdoor torch lights outdoor torch lights outdoor led tiki lights.
recessed light cover plate can light cover light cover of recessed related post light coverage drugstore recessed light trim plate.
wall mounted flood lights outdoor wall mounted flood lights luxury high brightness outdoor led flood light exterior wall mounted led flood lights.
light pink velvet chair light pink velvet and clear acrylic accent chair peach n light pink crushed velvet chair.
craftsman lighting dining room craftsman lighting dining room stainless steel pendant light craftsman style lighting dining room craftsman kitchen lighting mission style lighting dining room.
wireless led outdoor lights wireless led outdoor light black edition wireless outdoor led strip lights.
bronze recessed lighting bronze recessed kit tuscan bronze recessed lighting.
light above garage door over garage door lighting light above garage door can lights above garage door.
recessed deck lighting lighting low voltage led recessed deck lighting.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 52.275784
Retrieved Text: snowman coffee mug winter snowman espresso coffee mug.
light pink wedges light pink graphic patches accent peep toe slingback platform wedges faux velvet.
seahawks mug fan art coffee mug seahawks mug amazon seahawks travel coffee mug.
stainless steel spoon rest china stainless steel spoon ladles holders ladle rest soup.
brown bathroom accessories sets shop trading today and enhance the style of your bathroom with a browning bathroom set.
mr coffee maker parts coffee maker parts certified coffee makers coffee maker parts black and coffee maker parts.
red and black dish set atelier piece dinnerware set in red black.
party noise maker funny whistles kids birthday party noise maker dots blowing dragon blowout baby birthday gift.
flower wall art decor flower wall art decor small images of metal flower art decor flower wall art decor wall.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 52.02298
Retrieved Text: Last night, at the very last minute, I dashed off to Pagano's and picked up some samples of paint colours (and more primer, of course). Noel put on the second coat of primer, and after dinner we put up a couple of large patches of the two room colours I was considering.
Before I say which one we've chosen, let me just say that I was kind of flustered by the fact that Pagano's was closing and it turns out that they only had a subset of the Benjamin Moore colours (I usually buy my paint at Mark's Paint, which has a larger selection). I accidentally had the man mix up the lighter shades of the two blues I was considering, which I didn't realize until we were reviewing the colours before I went to the checkout.
OK, I thought, I'm sure they'll seem too light, but at least I'll know whether they're too grey or not. But now, looking at them on the wall, I'm actually OK with the depth of colour in the two cans.
The difference between these two, for those who are looking at the wall and trying to determine what the choice is, is the amount of green in the colour. And I think after looking at the two side by side at night and in daylight, Jamaican Aqua, the swatch on the right, is what we'll be going with. I don't even think we need a deeper shade than this one, so my mistake turns out to be fortuitous.
We didn't test the can

########
Rank: 17
Score: 51.998463
Retrieved Text: 4x4 ceramic wall tile matte desert gray 4 1 4 in x 4 1 4 4x4 glazed ceramic wall tile.
box pillow piped box cushion box pillow instructions.
slobproof paint pen front slobproof touch up pen.
wall decor set amazing orchid medley floral canvas wall art set pertaining to wall art sets popular umbra mapster wall decor set of 3.
harbor freight uv light founded harbor freight ultraviolet light.
twin bed daybed twin bed daybed with drawer twin bed into daybed.
woven wastebasket woven wicker waste basket bathroom office trash can round bin storage organizer woven wastebasket with lid.
davenport foundation davenport foundation repair davenport foundation repair concrete lifting and leveling photo album driveway repair in west davenport schools foundation scholarships.
black and white floral shower curtain spade lux floral pink black shower curtain cute shower spade lux floral pink black shower curtain black and white floral fabric shower curtain.
dumpster rental va beach dumpster rentals virginia beach va.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 51.936428
Retrieved Text: Simplicity rules in this matte black modern masterpiece. Its hard to believe this space started out as cluttered pastel pink bathroom. This family of four simply needed more than they were getting from their only bathroom. A visit from foreign family motivated the owners to contact Brilliant SA in the hopes of transforming their bathroom. A short deadline was only one of the challenges presented with this bathroom.
An injury meant that one of our clients required a seat in the shower and a deeper bath for therapy. As a solution, a nib wall was created the entire way along the far wall. This wall also acts as storage for everyday shower and products. The selection of a frameless shower screen with matte black channel gives the shower a sleek and refined look. Completing this look is a shower rail with hand held shower. Another hand held shower head was installed by the bath, to make cleaning a breeze.
A significant problem with the previous bathroom was the complete lack of s-t-o-r-a-g-e!!
To provide concealed storage both a new vanity and butterfly shaving cabinet were installed. The internal power outlets of the cabinet ensure the vanity can always clear. The large mirrored cabinet also reflects light and gives the room a further perception of depth. Contrasting against the gloss white walls and vanity, a dark 300×300 Matt Glaze Porcelain Tile adds contrast. Further to that all sanitary wear and accessories down to the door handle are all matte black powdercoated.
The new bathroom provides ample storage options and is beautiful

########
Rank: 19
Score: 51.708405
Retrieved Text: Fantastic transitional bedroom barn wood decoratively reclaimed wood with modern farmhouse, reclaimed wood trusses paired wood ceiling with rustic modern.
Absolutely gorgeous contemporary bedroom beige wall is black throw pillow with white bedding with black and white. Bedroom white fireplace is black door with black padded wall and black wall. Bedroom black glass door features black chandelier with black and white artwork and white artwork. Bedroom iron railing with black throw, white window trim with white molding. Bedroom gray carpet collection of black wall sconce.
Exquisite beachstyle bedroom textured carpet collection of oval lamp paired olive green and large window. Bedroom summer home collection of lake house with large glass pane window with wood floor. Bedroom patterned glass hanging light collection of coffer ceiling and hanging light paired powder blue. Bedroom late view collection of dusty blue and ornamental rug and wood table with metal studs. Bedroom patterned throw decoratively french door with area rug with master bedroom.
Stunning contemporary bedroom yellow throw pillow is chevron pattern quilt set, gray chevron bedding and modern bed side lamps paired feature wall. Bedroom white tapered drum shades features painted grasscloth accent wall, concealed curtain rod with gray upholstered bed and sheer curtains. Bedroom midcentury leather chair with warm neutral colors with modern furniture and swing arm lamps with beige curtains. Bedroom natural tone colour scheme with ceiling hung bedside lamps with modern bedroom.
Fabulous eclectic kids silver accents decoratively colorful bedding paired accent wall and light hardwood floors with metal side tabale. Kids white metal bedframe features animal print area rug with

########
Rank: 20
Score: 51.70696
Retrieved Text: solar outdoor wall lighting new solar wall light solar fence lamp wall lamp outdoor throughout solar outdoor wall light selecting solar outdoor wall lights uk solar outdoor wall lights philippines.
how to gloss wood golden birch gloss wood flooring high gloss wood deck sealer gloss black wood grain vinyl wrap.
star lumber carpet all star lumber carpet wichita ks star lumber carpet sale.
garden furniture near me chairs garden furniture sale ireland garden furniture walmart canada.
hard floor steam mop best wood floor steam cleaner marvelous hardwood flooring pics flooring guide s.
dispose flourescent bulbs how to safely clean up and dispose of a broken fluorescent light bulb dispose long fluorescent bulbs recycling fluorescent bulbs home depot.
target water boots hunting and fishing line icon set with target hunting boots and water flask target waterproof boots target waterproof snow boots.
pink patio pinks patio beautiful pink patio chairs.
underwater led fountain lighting led fountain lighting underwater led fountain lights in india.
outdoor fan with remote control ceiling fans with light and remote 3 blade indoor outdoor ceiling fan remote and led.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 51.383884
Retrieved Text: If you are feminine women or girly teenager, pink bedroom design ideas will be the best bedroom idea for you with crystal chandelier lighting. Pink is always identical with the ladies or girl. It is soft, romantic, and somehow it is cute. You can have an all-pink bedroom with all pink furniture, or you can combine the color of pink with white, black, or even green color. They will be perfectly matched with your lovely pink. You can also add some pink bedroom accessories to insert the girly touch in your bedroom. You can also choose the color for painting your wall.
The next question that may come across in your mind at once will be how to decorate a room with pink walls. Yea, it has been known that wall is like a huge canvas where we can do anything about it. Your entire bedroom design will look gorgeous or even boring based on the wall treatment. You can paint the wall using pink light pink color. Then you can put some wall accessories in white color. You can put creative artwork, abstract painting, or white lamp on the wall. How about the main furniture in the bedroom, the bed set? The best color for your bed is a white color. But you can add the splash of pink color in the pink bed cover and pink pillows. Adding crystal chandelier lighting can also be a good combination in your bedroom.
For the other furniture, you can choose white furniture like white table sides, white nightstand, white

########
Rank: 22
Score: 51.344177
Retrieved Text: Describing light as you observe it is essential to being able to re-create it or to use elements of what you observe in your own designs. Look for good descriptions in literature, journalism, and anything else you read, and get in the habit of doing it yourself.
Here’s a useful list of adjectives describing light.
Photo 1 below shows a kitchen scene with a cutting board leaning against a wall, a black teapot, and a silver faucet. A single strong light source from the right side, low winter light from a window, presumably, flattens the black teapot against the white wall. The teapot reflects almost none of the light. At the same time, the metallic faucet reflects quite a bit of light back toward the source, emphasizing its cylindrical shape. This is further emphasized by a dark shadow behind the faucet which makes the wall on the right side of the photo dark.
In Photo 2, a strongly backlit street scene of tall buildings in London, the light comes from behind the scene and to the right. The buildings are softened by smoke and dust in the air, which scatters the light above the people and cars in the foreground. The silhouettes are further darkened by contrast with the smoky air.
Photo 3 shows a window shot from several meters below. The yellow glass of the window filtering the sunlight here eliminates all the cool colors from and makes the whole space feel like it’s bathed in saffron. The air inside is clear and crisp, so the details of the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 51.136486
Retrieved Text: Located at previous Suzhou Railway Station, Jiangsu Province, neighboring ancient moat landscape belt to the south, and connecting Pingjiang New City Commercial& Financial Zone to the north.
e.Time of completion: not yet completed.
Building scale: total building area: 40000sq.m².
Suzhou—an elegant city known as “Eastern Venice”, a world-famous cultural city, a place called paradise. In this city with interleaved river channels, the streets and building are erected along the river: “the people in this water city live nearby the river, and also like reading in this land of milk and honey”, “small bridges---running water---citizens----gardens”, a thousand of years passed by peacefully, and a city with rich Suzhou culture environment was shaped and finally turned to one of most developed cities in China.
The continuously prismatic roof structure is fully integrated, and the wall is adapted to the dark grey roof contour. In a modern architecture space, the building pattern is interleaved, and the essence of ancient city is maintained.
On the South Plaza opposite to the ancient moat, two columns with huge lanterns support the big-span modern shelving structure with chestnut beams, pink wall and dark tiles. The lives of fishermen are told under the heaven while the inclined lantern columns are reflected onto the pink wall.
Viewing the Gusu water town, the new urban area surrounds the ancient city, and the river, streets, folk houses and Suzhou Railway Station are arranged in an orderly manner.
Various parts of the railway station are linked by the small pink wall, whether concealed or exposed, in dark or light color, this magnificent modern station is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 51.068146
Retrieved Text: led light wall decor factory price led outdoor wall decoration mounted led light design wall bracket light fitting cloud light up led wall decoration.
led light wall decor led light up canvas art paintings for modern home wall decor led light up sign wall decor.
led light wall decor light wall decoration a z alphabet letter led light white light up decoration symbol indoor wall decoration light wall decoration led light up wall decor.
led light wall decor lighting led light up wall decor.
led light wall decor illuminated wall art led light wall art 8 canvas print illuminated painting flickering night view for illuminated wall art led light up wall decor.
led light wall decor led light wall for wall decor with led lights led light wall decor home decor led flamingo led light wall decoration pink.
led light wall decor trendy led lighted wall art of beautiful led light wall decor cloud light up led wall decoration.
led light wall decor led light wall decor degree wall decoration led window light wall light led light up wall led light wall decor outdoor decorative led wall light.
led light wall decor wall art outdoor feature led light boxes and within light wall decor led light up sign wall decor.
led light wall decor fiber optic wall light wall art decoration with sparkle fiber optic cable cloud light up led wall decoration.
led light wall decor led light wall decor photos and door led light up sign wall decor.
led light wall decor light wall decor neon light wall art neon light decor top wall art ideas

########
Rank: 25
Score: 50.930138
Retrieved Text: bathroom window shades window shades new bathroom window curtains elegant patio door curtains and drapes patio door lowes bathroom window shades.
colors that go with light purple purple room colors light purple room lavender wall paint lilac paint bedroom lavender paint color light purple room colors light behr paint colors light purple.
light pink glitter light pink glitter card light pink glitter wallpaper.
quoizel mirror mirror bronze mirror quoizel downtown mirror.
rejuvenate floor cleaner reviews rejuvenate hardwood floor cleaner rejuvenate rejuvenate all floor cleaner reviews.
tuscan wall murals wall murals wall murals home design and decor wall paint ideas for home wall paint wall murals wall murals tuscan scenes.
bed dimensions beds bed nissan frontier bed dimensions 2014.
baby bjorn cribs baby travel crib sheets baby travel crib light crib great pictures 5 travel crib light review baby travel baby bjorn travel crib light canada.
firefighter wall art firefighter wall art x cross firefighter metal wall art firefighter wall art canada.
columbus window tint window tint columbus ne window tinting.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 50.762733
Retrieved Text: rooster runner rug custom kitchen rugs large size of mat custom kitchen floor mats checkered rooster rug grape kitchen custom kitchen runner rugs.
carpet installation lowes flooring gorgeous wood flooring for home flooring idea also carpet installation and carpet.
mobile cart with drawers mobile file cart 3 drawers.
wrapping paper storage box inch holiday gift wrapping paper storage box container learn more.
mattress in a box walmart soft mattress.
pink twin size comforter light pink twin comforter bedding sets full size of solid.
black and silver comforter sets queen gold and silver comforter queen bed comforters floral modern comforter sets red black and gold silver black white comforter sets queen size red black comforter se.
copy stand kaiser copy stand rs 1 with 1 arm copy stand diy copy standard alv pf status.
up and down lighting wall sconce outside wall sconce lights french quarter outdoor wall sconces wall sconces lighting wall with outdoor wall progress lighting outdoor wall sconces beacon lighting wall.
changing toilet wax ring how to replace toilet wax ring toilet bowl wax ring with toilet fixing bolts install toilet.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 50.724533
Retrieved Text: This beautiful blue wall coordinates perfectly with the pink dresser. When trying to decide on teenage wall ideas, let them choose their art for teen rooms prints and frame them. A fun piece of graphic artwork can transform a room into a teenager's favorite place. This simple DIY wireframe chandelier makes a fun teen room idea. When coordinating darker colored walls, it is important to use pops of color elsewhere, for example, in a bedspread.
Any soccer fan would love this teenage room idea. Vintage lockers create the feeling of hanging out in the school hallway between classes. Don't Disturb This Groove.
Teens initials in monograms are a super cute way to decorate. Neat, simple and beautiful. Do you want to decorate, redecorate, reinvent, and revamp your room so it reflects your personality and style? This lovely black and art for teen rooms color scheme is peppered with teal and pink throughout.
humm je lui boufferai bien moi aussi se joli minou , miammm trop bon sa lécher une chatte bien lisse.. avent de mettre ma queue dedans sa chatte ..

########
Rank: 28
Score: 50.679367
Retrieved Text: The Alex new design gets inspiration from the history of its neighbourhood. Formerly a busy, working-class area with trams passing by the front of the hotel. The hotel expresses a distinctive industrial, 1950’s feel and look making it one of Dublin’s hottest hotel.
Outdoor Canape area at the main entrance reflects 1950 glamour (I-Beam design). The area by the elevators, reflect a waiting area of a train station with the timetable above. Shelves in the lobby are all custom made. Seating in the lobby is fluted, to reflect the 1950s era. Vertical lines throughout the hotel reflect the architecture of the local area.
The atmosphere in the restaurant has an Art Decco feel with a mix of polished brass and steel. Elements of international design complete its unique look: the Bar counter is made from Italian granite, the lights are crafted in Canada and the pink silk panels are made in Paris. The custom-made Cavaret Fabrice Curtains give the restaurant a deep luxurious feel.
Painted in light pink, each bedroom has several elements of unique design. Carpets in the bedroom reflect the concrete feel of the industrial period. Each bedroom light is handmade in Copenhagen, while headboards feature Italian leather and the furniture is made in Cork. Iconic retro Roberts radio and telephone reflect the 1950s. Wall art is designed by Aoife Mulllane.
Wallpaper in The Rovos are made in Italy. Herringbone design wooden flooring.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 50.65465
Retrieved Text: The living room is one of the busiest rooms in a home. You spend quality time with your family, entertain guests, relax, etc. in the living area. As much as possible, you want to make this room comfortable and beautiful, as well. A mirror is a great addition to the living room. It creates the illusion of space by doubling whatever it reflects and bounces off light within the room. Aside from its functional properties, a mirror brings in beauty that enhances any style of the living room.
A wall mirror in a simple yet classic white frame graces the mantel above the fireplace. Its design mimics the clean and polished look of this room and the frame color complements the muted colors of the background.
For a sophisticated, metro chic look, a large black mirror is securely hung on the wall. The size gives a big impact to the design and the color of the mirror’s frame creates a beautiful contrast in the neutral color palette used in the living room. A black framed mirror is a good accent piece when you’re decorating a room that’s used mostly whites, creams, and beige in the design.
A beveled mirror adds a unique depth and dimension to any room. It brings elegance and refinement. If you want to add shine and shimmer to your living room, consider having a beveled mirror.
This room looks longer because of the rectangular mirrors on the wall. The mirrors lengthens the room and they reflect the nice view within and outside the room. The frame

================



======= Instance Index 188 =========
Input Text: The southern and northern hemisphere's seasons are opposite each other, so when the northern hemisphere is having it's longest day, it's the southern hemisphere's

Which is the correct answer?
- winter solstice
- fall equinox
- summer solstice
- spring equinox

Target Text: winter solstice

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 59.32197
Retrieved Text: Summer solstice is Thursday. This is what it is.
Summer solstice: What is it and why does it happen?
Long, hot summer days have nothing to do with being closer to the sun. What is heating up Cincinnati, then? And what's going on Thursday?
The days have been getting longer as summer draws nearer, and Thursday is scientifically due to be the longest day of the year, known as the summer solstice. But why are summer days longer, anyway?
To answer this, we need to start with a simpler question: Why has it been so darn hot lately?
And no, it's not because we are closer to the sun in the summer. Rookie mistake.
Actually, the earth is farthest from the sun in July. Our distance from the sun, in general, is so great that the slight shifts towards and away from the sun during orbit doesn't really affect our weather at all, according to NASA.
Instead of sun proximity, the seasons depend on the earth's spin axis, said Miami University associate professor of astronomy and physics Stephen Alexander.
Our earth is tilted at a 23.5-degree angle. This means that at any given time, different parts of the earth are receiving different amounts of direct sunlight, depending on where earth is in its orbit around the sun. More direct sunlight means more energy, and thus more heat.
Alexander said that in a summer in Ohio, the north pole is pointing towards the sun and the south pole is tipped away. This creates a higher arc during the summer months, making our days longer and hotter.
This

########
Rank: 1
Score: 56.71088
Retrieved Text: HomeArticlesWhat’s the Difference Between a Solstice and an Equinox?
What is a solstice? What is an equinox? And what’s the difference between them? Let’s clear a few things up!
From an astronomical perspective, an equinox is the instant of time when the plane of Earth’s equator passes through the center of the Sun. In other words, it is the moment at which the center of the Sun is directly above the equator.
Each year there is both a spring and autumn equinox. The spring equinox, otherwise known as the “vernal equinox,” occurs in March, either on March 20th, or the day before or after depending on the year. During the spring equinox, the sun moves northward over the equator, and the Northern Hemisphere begins to experience days that last longer than nights. This lasts until the autumn equinox.
During the autumn equinox, or “autumnal equinox,” the sun moves south over the equator, and this point tends to mark the onset of fall for the Northern Hemisphere. After this point, the nights become longer than the days. The autumnal equinox typically falls on or around September 22nd.
Like equinoxes, solstices occur twice a year. They are used to mark the points in time when the sun’s path is at its farthest point from the Equator. The Northern Hemisphere will typically experience the summer solstice on or around June 20th or 21st. The winter solstice occurs in late December between the 21st and 22nd.
Much like their names imply, the solstices are used to mark the transition from spring to summer and from autumn

########
Rank: 2
Score: 56.11573
Retrieved Text: Professor Astronomy's Astronomy Blog: It's summer!
Wrong: Earth's distance from the sun causes the seasons. Most people think that the Earth is closer to the sun in the summer and further away in the winter, and this changing distance is what causes the seasons. It is true that the distance between the sun and the Earth changes, and that distance changes from to 91.3 million miles to 94.4 million miles. But the Earth is closest to the sun in early January, and furthest from the sun in July, almost exactly backwards from what most people in the Northern Hemisphere think! Also, remember that the northern and southern hemispheres of the Earth have opposite seasons, which would not be true if the Earth-Sun distance were responsible for Earth's seasons.
In short, the Earth-Sun distance does not cause the seasons.
Correct answer: Earth's tilt causes the seasons. The Earth is not straight up and down with respect to the sun. (Stated more scientifically, Earth's rotation axis is inclined, or tilted, with respect to its orbit). Our north pole is pointed in a direction toward Polaris, the North Star. And it always points in that direction. As the Earth orbits the sun, sometimes that direction is toward the sun, and sometimes it is away from the sun. On the summer solstice (today!), the Earth's North Pole is pointed as close to the sun as it can get. On the winter solstice (around December 22), the North Pole is pointed as far away from the sun as it can get.
So, why does this

########
Rank: 3
Score: 54.812996
Retrieved Text: Time for the 2019 calendars!
This year's calendars are clones of last years, but with this year's calendar contest winners. As the Seasons Calendar has 20 days in it, some of each season's days have repeats of the winners as only 12 winners were selected. The base game uses only the 12 months, so each picture is used only once. As the pictures's dimensions do not always perfectly match the textures for the calendars, some editing was done to the winners' pictures in order to get them to fit in the texture sizes allowed. So if you see some minor editing to the pictures as compared to the originals, this is why.
One is for base game only, and one requires seasons. I cloned them from Inge's original one. You may have both of them, as they have unique guids.
These are both shiftable if you have Apartment Life installed.
First for the base game one. It changes months, like before, but it has the option of choosing between Northern and Southern hemisphere so the December/Christmas picture falls in summer for instance.. Also it is recolorable! When you first place it, it will just show it's MTS cover, with the lightbulb. You will have to choose Northern or Southern (as a toggle) to get it to start. Otherwise, it will change at midnight, and start the Northern path.
Now for the Seasons version. It changes days through the year based on what season you are in, so it will know automatically if you are in spring, summer, fall, or winter. You

########
Rank: 4
Score: 54.207096
Retrieved Text: We have seen in earlier chapter that the sun heats up more when overhead. Similarly, the area of earth where the sun is overhead during the season, gets heated up more than other areas. Because of the axial tilt of the earth, there is an apparent movement of orbital plane in relation to the earth. We feel that the sun migrates from northern hemisphere to southern hemisphere and back in the period of a year. The midday sun is exactly overhead at all latitudes between tropics of Capricorn and cancer, at least once in a year. This area gets maximum heat and is called Torrid Zone.
The sun is never overhead in any place on earth beyond the Tropic of Cancer and Capricorn and the angle of sun’s rays goes on decreasing towards the poles. At areas beyond Arctic Circle and Antarctic Circle, the sun appears just above the horizon and these areas are very cold due to this. These areas are called Frigid Zones. The areas between Torrid Zone and Frigid Zone have a moderate temperature and are called Temperate Zones.
Because of the constant inclination of the earth’s axis in one direction, the Northern hemisphere faces the sun for about half of the year and faces away from the sun for next half of the year. The part which faces the sun gets more heat and light compared to the other part. Every point in this hemisphere remains in the sunlight for a longer period of time and hence we say that the days are longer

########
Rank: 5
Score: 53.59803
Retrieved Text: Summer is the season that comes after spring and before fall. In many places, summer is the warmest time of the whole year. During summer, sunrise happens earlier and sunset happens later, which gives us more hours of daylight. The longest day of the year, called the Summer Solstice (say: SOLE-stiss), happens in June. This year the Summer Solstice is on June 20 — that means that June 20 is the longest day of the whole year!
You might know that it takes one year for the earth to move around the sun one time. As the earth moves around the sun, it is tilted slightly to one side, similar to how a globe looks with the north pole slightly off center. Have you heard of the equator? It is an imaginary line around the middle of the earth that divides earth into two halves, a northern half and a southern half. In summer, the earth is tilted so that the Northern Hemisphere (including the United States Canada, and parts of Europe) gets the most sun.
While it’s summer for us, those living in the Southern Hemisphere (including South America and Australia) are experiencing the cold weather of winter. The sun shines directly on the equator all year, so how warm or cold your seasons are depends on how far away you live from the equator. If you live close to the equator, you probably don’t experience very big changes in temperature when the seasons change.
The sun gives us warmth and light. In the Northern Hemisphere, there are

########
Rank: 6
Score: 53.239365
Retrieved Text: On the evening of Thursday June 20, Mercury reaches its maximum elongation east of the sun, placing it directly below brilliant Venus in the evening twilight sky.
Don’t miss your chance to see Mercury in the night sky as the northern summer kicks off.
For the next few nights, Mercury will be a tiny speck just below Venus. It is closest to Venus on July 20, slightly less than two degrees away, but will also be very close one night earlier or later.
The best time to see Mercury is about half an hour after local sunset. Any earlier, and it will be lost in the sky's glare but much later and it will be too low to see. It is most easily spotted with binoculars, but once you've located it, the planet should be relatively easy to see with the naked eye.
The seasons are caused by Earth's tilt. In the Northern Hemisphere it is summer when the Northern Hemisphere is tilted towards the sun.
This week also marks the summer solstice, on Friday (June 21) at 1:04 a.m. EDT (0504 GMT). The sun will reach its most northern declination, marking the middle of summer in the Northern Hemisphere and the middle of winter in the Southern Hemisphere.
Because the sun is as far north as it can get, it is above the horizon in the Northern Hemisphere as long as is possible. At local noon, it will be as high in the sky as it can get. These two factors combine to create the maximum solar heating possible in the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.07958
Retrieved Text: The June Solstice is the name given to the solstice that occurs on or around the 21st June each year in the Gregorian calendar. In the Northern Hemisphere this is the summer solstice, often called Midsummer, which is the longest day in the entire year. In the Southern Hemisphere this is the winter solstice, which is the shortest day of the entire year. The word ‘solstice’ comes from the Latin ‘sol sistere’ meaning ‘sun stands still’, due to the sun appearing to stand still directly overhead during the day. The (literally) polar opposite of the June Solstice is the December Solstice, which occurs on or around the 21st December each year, and signifies the shortest day in the Northern Hemisphere and the longest day in the Southern Hemisphere.
The reason for the existence of the summer and winter solstices is due to the axis of the Earth’s rotation. The Earth’s axis tilts from its orbit at an angle of approximately 23.5°, meaning that the rays of the sun are focused on different parts of the Earth through the year. When the focus of the sun reaches its most northerly point (directly over the Tropic of Cancer), the Northern Hemisphere will receive more sunlight during one rotation of the Earth (one day) than at any other time of the year. Conversely, the Southern Hemisphere will receive less sunlight during that rotation than at any other time of the year. When the focus of the sun is at its most southerly point (over the Tropic of Capricorn), the situation

########
Rank: 8
Score: 52.66854
Retrieved Text: There are over 23,000 different kinds of trees.
Trees don’t die of old age and are some of the longest-living organisms on the planet.
One large tree can provide a whole day’s supply of oxygen to four people.
A tree can absorb as much as 48 pounds of carbon dioxide in one year. That’s almost 1,000 pounds of carbon dioxide for a 40-year-old tree.
Pine cones have genders, and pine trees are the only species of tree to spread their seeds in cones.
Trees lower the temperature by evaporating water through their leaves and releasing it into the air.
The practice of “knocking on wood” is derived from the pagan belief that malevolent spirits inhabited wood. When they expressed a hope for the future, knocking on nearby wood prevented the spirits from hearing it and stopping your hope from coming true.
If you get lost in the woods, look to the trees to find your way. In northern temperate climates, moss grows on the shady northern side of the trunk. And in the northern hemisphere, you can see the rings of the tree grow slightly thicker on the southern side of a tree stump since that side receives more light. The opposite is true in the southern hemisphere, with thicker rings on the northern side of tree stumps.
The leaves, trunk and roots of a tree all grow during different seasons. Most of the leaves sprout and grow during the spring, while the trunk grows in the summer and the roots grow throughout the fall and winter.
“Moon trees” are grown from seeds taken to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.421234
Retrieved Text: New Zealand benefits from having opposite seasons to the Northern Hemisphere, which is ideal for production timelines. Our winter season runs from June - August, and our summer is December - February. The South Island is a popular location for shooting snow during the Northern Hemisphere summer, with our local crews highly experienced with filming in alpine conditions.
The South Island of New Zealand enjoys a largely temperate climate with moderate rainfall and sunlight hours. However, the inland alpine areas of the region experience colder winters, sometimes dropping as low as -10º. Like many countries, weather conditions are never guaranteed, so it's always best to be prepared for a variety of weather circumstances when filming in the region.
Below is a table indicating the average maximum and minimum temperatures and rainfall in Queenstown for each season. Note: this is indicative of Queenstown only.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 52.14336
Retrieved Text: The winter season is usually the coldest season in the year. It is a season that comes after the autumn season and just before spring season.
This season comes with its own celebration as it collides with popular holidays like Christmas in some parts of the world.
There are also numerous places that people can visit during winter to participate in snow activities. The winter season however does not happen in all parts of the world as the tropical zone does not experience the season.
What happens in the winter season?
There are numerous changes that occur during winter. One of this is that some animals migrate.When winter season approaches, some animals move to warmer places and come back after the season comes to an end.
It is also in winter that some animals hibernate. This is due to lack of food sources. Animals hence go into this state to conserve the little amounts of foods.
Also in winter, some plants may die. This is due to the extremely low temperatures.
During the winter season, people tend to wear warm clothes. This includes heavy jackets, sweaters, scarves, heavy socks and boots. This is to protect them from the cold.
There are also some sporting activities that people take part in during winter. This includes ice skating, snowboarding, sledding, skiing, etc.
During winter, some people also decide to visit tropical countries to escape from the cold. This usually comes as a form of vacation to most families.
Northern hemisphere refers to the part of the world that is above the equator while the Southern hemisphere refers to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 52.141273
Retrieved Text: Today Google celebrates the solstice, which marks the start of summer in the south, and winter in the north.
Today Google celebrates the solstice, which marks the end of spring and the start of summer in the Southern Hemisphere. It also marks the first day of winter on the astronomical calendar in the Northern Hemisphere.
Thursday was the shortest day of the year in the Northern Hemisphere, and the longest day of the year for those south the Equator.
Sunlight hours ranged from as little as zero in some northern parts of Alaska to over 14 hours in parts of Australia and South Africa.
Below we explain both phenomena.
Shortest day. Officially the first day of winter in the astronomical calendar, the winter solstice is the day with the shortest period of daylight and longest night of the year.
The Northern Hemisphere is pointed at its furthest distance from the sun, bringing less light and colder temperatures.
Thursday 21, 16:28 GMT. Winter and summer solstice happens at the same time for everyone, and this year it took place on Thursday, December 21, at 16:28 GMT.
The winter solstice is significant in the Northern Hemisphere because days will get progressively longer and lighter as we approach the longest day of the year on June 21.
North America saw nine hours and 32 minutes of daylight, and 14 hours and 28 minutes of night.
The longest day of the year. However below the Equator, countries got to experience the summer solstice as the seasons flipped.
During the summer solstice, the sun travelled its longest path across the sky, giving

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.06477
Retrieved Text: The winter solstice takes place on the shortest day - and longest night - of the year. In 2018, the winter solstice will happen at 12:15 p.m. on Friday, December 21, in the Washington D.C. area. This site will help you find the exact day and time of the winter solstice in your area, as well as the particulars for the summer solstice and the fall and spring equinoxes.
According to our calendar system, the winter solstice can fall on December 20, 21, 22, or 23. That is true for those of us living in the Northern Hemisphere who are experiencing winter. However, because of the Earth's tilt, those in the Southern Hemisphere are having their summer solstice in December. Likewise, their winter solstice is in June.
The solstice itself refers to a particular point in time on that day, but most people celebrate the solstice (also known as midwinter) as an all-day (or all-night) occasion.
At Stonehenge in England, sunrise on winter solstice illuminates a particular part of the henge monument.
Neolithic monuments Newgrange in Ireland and Maeshowe in Scotland are also aligned with sunrise on the winter solstice.
The Incan empire, located in the Southern Hemisphere, celebrated winter solstice in June at an event called Inti Raymi ("sun festival"). This was marked by fasting followed by cups of sacred beer and animal sacrifice.
Pagan Scandinavia and Germany had a 12-day midwinter festival called Jul (pronounced Yule). The particular god of these feasts was Jólner. Modern pagans following in these traditions continue to observe Jul. Yule logs come from this celebration.
Saint

########
Rank: 13
Score: 50.98103
Retrieved Text: Summer and Kids, What are Your Plans?
Summer and Kids: The Season Begins, What are Your Plans?
For most of us summer begins on Memorial Day. The school year is either completed or almost finished by the end of May. But, the first day of summer and longest day of the year, in the northern hemisphere is June 21 this year. (It will be the first day of winter in the southern hemisphere.) It all has to do with the tilt of the earth.
Activity: To help children to understand this concept of longest day and first day of summer; have a child hold a globe and another child or adult holding a turned on flashlight, which represents the sun, pointed at the globe. The northern hemisphere should be slightly titled towards the flashlight. This position of the earth and sun (flashlight) illustrates the first day of summer in the northern hemisphere. Have the child holding the globe move around the sun (flashlight) as if the earth was orbiting the sun. The child will get a clearer picture of how the sun is at the earth’s closest point in the northern hemisphere on the first day of summer. This point is called the summer solstice. For more information about this click here.
Our amazing God makes everything so perfect! The earth, sun, stars, and seasons are just a few of the wonderful things God created for us and His Glory. Nothing is by chance. Creation was all set in motion by God just speaking! Teach the above verse to your

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.905067
Retrieved Text: You cannot feel or hear the world turning. It does not rumble through space. But you can see it turn with your own eyes every day and night. And, with patience, you can see Earth travel around the Sun.
As the globe turns and night falls, stars appear to travel from east to west across the night sky. Or do they?
How stars move across the sky is a touch more complicated than you may first imagine. And the motion of the stars tells us about our place on the world and our travels around the Sun.
We live on a spinning globe, and as we turn different swathes of the universe come into view. However, what you see depends on where you are.
Almost directly above the North Pole is the star Polaris. As the world turns on its axis, Polaris remains above the North Pole. If you had the misfortune of being at the North Pole in midwinter, Polaris would be a constant companion overhead.
Imagine an alien looking down from Polaris at Earth. What would they see? They would see Earth’s Northern Hemisphere, spinning anticlockwise around the North Pole. A Polarisian would never see Earth’s Southern Hemisphere, with its red Australian deserts and frozen Antarctic wastes.
Who can see Polaris from Earth? People across the Northern Hemisphere can see Polaris, and it never rises nor sets.
However, while Polaris is high in the sky when viewed from inside the Arctic circle, as you move towards the Equator, Polaris gets closer and closer to the northern horizon. If you travel into

########
Rank: 15
Score: 50.438637
Retrieved Text: Today is the Summer Solstice. It marks the longest day of the year in the Northern Hemisphere but what exactly is the Summer Solstice?
Solstices happen twice a year. Once in June and once in December. In June the Northern Hemisphere experiences the longest day of the year whilst on the other hand the Southern Hemisphere experiences the shortest day of the year. The UK can receive up to 17 hours of daylight on the Summer Solstice, compared to that of the Winter Solstice where we only receive 7 hours of daylight!
In the Northern Hemisphere, the Summer Solstice happens when the sun is directly overhead the Tropic of Cancer. Solstice comes from the Latin words ‘Sol’ meaning sun and ‘Sistere’ meaning stand still. Astrologers say the sun seems to ‘stand still’ at the point of the horizon where it appears to rise and set.
Stonehenge in Wiltshire is very important to Pagans on the Summer Solstice because it famously aligns to the solstices. Each year around 20,000 visitors flock to the site to see the Summer Solstice!
With more daylight hours here, have you ever thought about taking a balloon flight to watch the sunset? Take a balloon flight this summer with Aerosaurus Balloons. Prices start from just £99 per person!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 50.25736
Retrieved Text: click here for the Winter Acrostic poem!
watch Mr. R.'s Winter Song!
Winter is the coldest season and comes after fall and before spring.
Winter is characterized by having the longest nights and shortest days.
In the northern hemisphere (such as in the United States), winter comes in December and lasts through March, while in the Southern Hemisphere (such as in Argentina), winter is between June and August. This occurs because the two hemispheres of the Earth are tilted towards/away from the Sun at opposite times during the Earth's orbit.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 49.734497
Retrieved Text: This diagram shows the position of the Earth, in relation to the Sun, at the time of the Summer Solstice, as well as the other solstice and equinoxes of the year. This year, June's Full Moon occurs on the day of the Summer Solstice in the Western Hemisphere.
This year, the beginning of Summer in the Northern Hemisphere is marked with a Full Moon. Both astronomical events occur on the same calendar date in the Western Hemisphere.
For 2016, the season of Summer begins in Earth's Northern Hemisphere (and the season of Winter begins in the Southern Hemisphere) at the moment of the June Solstice: Monday Evening, 2016 June 20 at 6:34 p.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time (EDT) / 22:34 Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). The actual time of Full Moon occurs Monday morning at 7:02 a.m. EDT / 11:02 UTC, the time of the posting of this blog post. Although, technically, the Moon will be in the Waning Gibbous Phase at the moment of the Summer Solstice, it will, of course, look quite full.
A honey-hued-color Full Moon (particularly at extreme northern latitudes) in June, particularly around the time of the Summer Solstice, is considered the "Honey-Moon." This honey-hued effect is due to the Full Moon traveling low in the sky, very close to the southern horizon, throughout the night.
This may have led to the traditional term of "Honey-Moon," as weddings were traditionally held in June when the good weather days of Summer would begin. The term "Honey-Moon" can be traced as far back as 1552. At that time,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 49.483173
Retrieved Text: Recently a friend of mine visited the country of Bali in Africa. She claims that because that country is south of the equator, the Moon, instead of having a crescent shape during certain phases, will actually have a "boat" shape. Is she pulling my leg ?? Isn't the crescent shape seen the whole world over??
Kristine: Your friend is right; the orientation of the crescent moon depends on the latitude of the person observing it (the size of the crescent, however, is the same wherever you are). Think about a crescent moon as seen from the Northern hemisphere, and the same Moon as seen from the Southern hemisphere; if we take the people in the Northern hemisphere as "right-side up", then those in the southern hemisphere are "upside-down", since the Earth is spherical. Since the existence of the crescent Moon depends only on the relative locations of the Moon, Earth and Sun (and not on one's location on the Earth), the Moon seen in the Southern hemisphere is upside down when compared to that seen in the Northern hemisphere. This means that if the concave part of the crescent points "left" in North, it will point "right" in the South. Since the transition from a "left" pointing crescent to a "right" pointing one must be smooth, we require that the Moon be a "boat" instead of a crescent at the equator.
Sabrina: The appearance of the crescent moon will also change depending on the season for an observer staying at a single location on the Earth. We know

########
Rank: 19
Score: 49.391357
Retrieved Text: 1 If you are like most people living on Earth, you experience four different seasons throughout the year. What each season means to you depends on where you live. To you, winter might mean building snowmen or going ice skating. It could also mean temperatures around sixty degrees. Spring may mean sunshine and melting snow. It might also mean clouds and thunderstorms. For many, summer begins in the month of June. However, in some parts of the world, summer begins in December!
2 Why do we have four seasons here on Earth? Why do the four seasons mean different things in different parts of the world? There is more to understanding the seasons than you might think. You need to know about astronomy and geography. To really understand the seasons, you have to look at Earth from space. You need to understand how the Earth is arranged in space, how it spins, and how it orbits around the sun. All of these things are important in understanding why Earth has four seasons. If you look at the Earth from space, you will see that it is tilted. Earth's axis is not vertical. The North Pole is not at the top of the Earth. The Earth's axis is tilted approximately 23.5 degrees. This tilt is what creates the four seasons. As the Earth moves around the sun during the year, the direction in which the axis is pointing changes. Sometimes the North Pole is tilted toward the sun. Sometimes it is tilted away from the sun.
3 The equator

########
Rank: 20
Score: 48.82677
Retrieved Text: its most southerly position, directly overhead at the Tropic of Capricorn (23 degrees 27 minutes south latitude). The winter solstice is the shortest day of the year and marks the beginning of winter. It is the exact opposite in the Southern Hemisphere.
Summer solstice in the Northern Hemisphere occurs on June 20, 21, or 22, when the sun reaches its most northerly point, directly overhead at the Tropic of Cancer (23 degrees 27 minutes north latitude). The summer solstice is the longest day of the year and marks the beginning of summer.
A solstice is different from an equinox, the two times each year when the sun is directly above the Earth's equator and day and night are of equal length. Equinoxes mark the beginning of spring (March) and fall (September).
Historically, the solstice has been celebrated by numerous cultures around the world. Thousands of people annually celebrate the summer solstice at Stonehenge in Wiltshire, England.
At sunrise at Stonehenge on the longest day of the year, the rising sun appears behind one of the main stones, creating the illusion that the sun is balancing on the stone.
The site was closed for 16 years after rioting broke out between police and revelers for several years at solstice gatherings. Stonehenge was re-opened to the public on solstice in 2000.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 48.82074
Retrieved Text: The June solstice is the summer solstice in the Northern Hemisphere and the winter solstice in the Southern Hemisphere.
The date varies between June 20 and June 22, depending on the year, and the local time zone.
A solstice happens when the sun's zenith is at its furthest point from the equator. On the June solstice, it reaches its northernmost point and the Earth’s North Pole tilts directly towards the sun, at about 23.4 degrees.
It's also known as the northern solstice because it occurs when the sun is directly over the Tropic of Cancer in the Northern Hemisphere.
“Solstice” (Latin: “solstitium”) means sun-stopping. The point on the horizon where the sun appears to rise and set, stops and reverses direction after this day. On the solstice, the sun does not rise precisely in the east, but rises to the north of east and sets to the north of west, meaning it's visible in the sky for a longer period of time.
Although the June solstice marks the first day of astronomical summer, it's more common to use meteorological definitions of seasons, making the solstice midsummer or midwinter.
Stonehenge in England may have been constructed as a calendar.
One of the world's oldest evidence of the summer solstice's importance in culture is Stonehenge in England, a megalithic structure which clearly marks the moment of the June solstice.
Midnight Sun or Polar Night?
On the June solstice, the midnight sun is visible (weather permitting) throughout the night, in all areas from just south of the Arctic Circle to the North Pole.
On the other side of the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 48.672325
Retrieved Text: At the start of June, the sun rises in the constellation of Taurus; at the end of June, the sun rises in the constellation of Gemini. However, due to the precession of the equinoxes, June begins with the sun in the astrological sign of Gemini, and ends with the sun in the astrological sign of Cancer. June is the month with the longest daylight hours of the year in the Northern Hemisphere and the shortest daylight hours of the year in the Southern Hemisphere.
June in the Northern Hemisphere is the seasonal equivalent to December in the Southern Hemisphere and vice versa. The month of June—in the Northern Hemisphere—is in Spring until the 21st, when Summer begins. The traditional June birthstone is the pearl. The June birth flower is the rose, or the honeysuckle, as roses and honeysuckles bloom throughout June. June is also sometimes called the "Rose month."
June is known for the large number of marriages that occur over the course of the month. June is named after Juno (Hera). Juno was the goddess of marriage and a married couple's household, so some consider it good luck to be married in this month.
In both common and leap years, no other month begins on the same day of the week as June. This month and May are the only two months that have this.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 48.07101
Retrieved Text: First Day of Fall 2010 is Today September 22 – When is the First Day of Fall this year 2010? This is the question asked by a lot of people living mostly in Northern Hemisphere and in Europe as it is bound to happen this month of September. Fortunately, this question has been answered already as today, September 22 is the first day of fall for those located in Northern Hemisphere such as the USA and Canada.
Fall or Autumn is one of the four temperate seasons marking the transition from summer into winter which is usually in the month of March for countries located in the Southern Hemisphere or the month of September for those located in the Northern Hemisphere. It happens when the arrival of night becomes noticeably earlier.
In 2010, the first day of fall falls on September 22 for those countries located in the Northern Hemisphere such as the United States and Canada. Meanwhile, for those countries located in Europe, the first day of fall 2010 falls on September 23. For those countries located in the Southern Hemisphere, the first day of fall happened already last March 20, 2010.
The first day of fall signals the start of the season of harvest where fruits and vegetables are usually ripen. Fall is also associated with the start of the Halloween season.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 47.887985
Retrieved Text: What effect does Earth's orbit have on climate change? Is the Earth in a warming or cooling orbital phase? All your questions answered.
May 25, 2012, 8:49 p.m.
Climate science is complicated business, and understanding the extent to which climate change is man-made also requires an understanding of Earth's powerful natural cycles. One of those natural cycles involves Earth's orbit and its complicated dance with the sun.
The first thing you need to know about Earth's orbit and its effect on climate change is that orbital phases occur over tens of thousands of years, so the only climate trends that orbital patterns might help explain are long-term ones.
Even so, looking at Earth's orbital cycles can still offer some invaluable perspective on what is happening in the short term. Most notably, you might be surprised to learn that Earth's current warming trend is happening in spite of a relatively cool orbital phase. It's therefore possible to better appreciate the high degree that anthropogenic warming must be taking place in contrast.
Many people might be surprised to learn that Earth's orbit around the sun is much more complicated than the simple diagrams studied in childhood science classrooms. For instance, there are at least three major ways that Earth's orbit varies over the course of millennia: its eccentricity, its obliquity and its precession. Where the Earth is within each of these cycles has a significant effect on the amount of solar radiation — and thus, warmth — that the planet gets exposed to.
Unlike what is portrayed in many diagrams of the solar system,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 47.820698
Retrieved Text: These happen at the same times as Northern Hemisphere and European seasons but Hanoi winters are milder and more pleasant than those of Northern Europe and a trip up into the cooler hills can provide a refreshing change if you are visiting in Summer. For our Southern Hemisphere visitors the climate in Hanoi and the northern half of Vietnam is very comparable to that of Brisbane in Australia, only at the opposite time of year.
Hanoi city tour - Full day trip.
AM: 8h00 visiting Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum and Museum, One Pillar Pagoda. Continue to visit the Quan Thanh Temple or Tran Quoc Pagoda. Lunch.
- Excluded: Drinks, insurance, personal expences.
Please contact us by email: hanoitours@vnn.vn for details.
8:00 am transfer by car to visit Ho Chi ausoleum & Museum, One pillar pagoda, Tran Quoc pagoda.
After lunch, enjoy one hour cyclo trip around the trading area in Hanoi Old Quarter. Then visit to Temple of Literature, Army Museum, Hanoi Flag Tower. Wandering around Hoan Kiem lake then visit Ngoc Son Temple.
Tour end about 16:30 pm.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 47.778194
Retrieved Text: The Sun is at a standstill right now. Oh, it’s still orbiting the center of the galaxy at an impressive clip — about half a million miles per hour. And it’s still moving across the sky as Earth turns on its axis. But the points along the horizon at which the Sun rises and sets aren’t changing.
The reason is that today is the summer solstice. It’s a point in Earth’s orbit that marks the beginning of summer in the northern hemisphere and winter in the southern hemisphere.
We have seasons because Earth is tilted on its axis. At the June solstice, the north pole tilts toward the Sun, bringing more sunlight to the northern hemisphere. Six months later, at the December solstice, the south pole tilts sunward, giving the northern half of the globe shorter days and longer nights.
Between the solstices, the Sun moves north and south in the sky. As a result, its rising and setting points move north and south as well. At some times of year, if you have a good way to mark these points, you can see the difference from day to day.
But the Sun appears to “stand still” along the horizon for a few days either side of the solstice. In fact, solstice means “Sun stands still.” At the June solstice, the Sun is farthest north for the year, so it rises and sets to the north of due west. Just how far north depends on your latitude.
Incidentally, the summer solstice is also the longest day of the year, so there’s

########
Rank: 27
Score: 47.70074
Retrieved Text: When traveling abroad, it helps to know the climate of the place you’re visiting. It can also be important to know the busy tourist season as well as national holidays. This information can help you choose the best time to schedule your visit.
Australia is in the southern hemisphere. This means, if you’re from North America, that the seasons are opposite to yours. Their winter is your summer and vice versa. That means when you’re knee-deep in snow and sub-zero temperatures (around February in much of the northern hemisphere), Australians are basking in warm summer temperatures. It’s the ideal time to visit if you plan on enjoying the sun and surf. On the other hand, if you’re visiting Australia and want to go skiing, then August may be a better time to plan your trip.
Location affects your decision too. The further south you go in Australia, the colder it gets because you’re moving away from the equator. So Melbourne in August is likely to be quite chilly.
If you’re on a budget, you may be happy to know that airfares tend to be less expensive from April to August. This is because it’s fall and winter there and fewer people travel to Australia during the winter months.
If you’re planning on visiting the southern states of Australia, you may want to visit them during their summer when temperatures are mild. On the other hand, the northern states can be quite pleasant during their winter months. From April to September the temperatures during the Aussie winter range from 68 to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 47.66665
Retrieved Text: The earth’s axis is tilted about 23.5 degrees, so the Earth is never straight up and down compared to the Sun. When it is summer in Northern Hemisphere, that is because the North Pole and the rest of the Northern Hemisphere are pointing toward the Sun. The Sun appears to stay in the sky longer each day (really, we are just pointed toward the Sun for longer each day). Because we spend more time in the sunshine and less in the shadow of night, our part of the Earth gets warmer, and we experience summer.
During the summer, the Sun is high in the sky. Therefore, rays of light from the Sun hit us more directly during summer, making the sunlight more intense and warmer. In winter, the Sun is low in the sky. The rays of light are spread more thinly, and they do not warm us as much.
In Winter, the Northern Hemisphere points away from the Sun. It spends more time in darkness (has longer nights) and the sun’s rays are not as concentrated.
In Spring and Fall, the days are nearly equal in length for both the Northern and Southern Hemispheres.
In Summer, the Northern Hemisphere spends more time pointed toward the Sun, and the sun’s rays are more concentrated and warmer.
Throughout the seasons, Earth is almost the same distance from the Sun: 93 million miles. It is closest to the Sun on about January 3rd (the middle of our winter!) and farthest from the Sun on about July 3.
Don’t be confused by the perspective of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 47.54925
Retrieved Text: Millions of people across the Midwest and Central U.S. felt the cold of another winter storm just last week, but Americans can look forward to the first day of spring very soon.
On Wednesday, March 20, 2019, at 5:58 p.m. ET, the spring equinox, also known as vernal equinox, will bring the first day of spring in the Northern Hemisphere.
Can you really balance an egg on the equinox?
Some say you can balance a raw egg on its end during the vernal equinox. This bit of folklore became popular in 1945 after LIFE published an article about the balancing act, but the myth has been debunked as only partly true, according to AccuWeather.
So, yes, it’s possible to balance an egg on the equinox, but it’s also possible to balance an egg on other days, too. In fact, several Almanac editors attempted the trick one spring, and 17 out of 24 eggs stood standing, they said. After trying the trick again three days after the equinox, the editors found similar results.
What’s the difference between an equinox and a solstice?
Twice every year, the equinox occurs in autumn (September 21) and in spring (March 19, 20, or 21—it varies) bringing with it a seasonal change. The word “equinox” means “equal night,” which is why it occurs two times per year when the day and night are of equal lengths, each 12 hours.
The spring equinox occurs when the sun crosses the celestial equator from south to north, according to the Old Farmer’s Almanac. The “celestial equator” is an imaginary line above the

================



======= Instance Index 223 =========
Input Text: Which of these would need the fewest hydrocarbon chains containing eight carbon atoms?

Which is the correct answer?
- electric car
- turbocharged car
- gasoline car
- antique car

Target Text: electric car

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 58.81174
Retrieved Text: A major class of organic compounds where carbon and hydrogen molecules are arranged in straight or branched chains. A type of hydrocarbon . Includes alkane s, alkene s, and alkyne s.
An organic molecule containing carbon and hydrogen atoms in straight or branched chains, where all of the carbon-carbon bonds are single bonds. One of three major classes of aliphatic hydrocarbon s.
An organic molecule containing carbon and hydrogen atoms in straight or branched chains, where at least one carbon-carbon bond is a double bond. One of three major classes of aliphatic hydrocarbon s.
An organic molecule containing carbon and hydrogen atoms in straight or branched chains, where at least one carbon-carbon bond is a triple bond. One of three major classes of aliphatic hydrocarbon s.
Molecules which are almost entirely carbon and hydrogen, but have had at least one chlorine atom introduced to them that has replaced one of their hydrogen atoms.
A hydrocarbon (molecule of carbon and hydrogen only) with 27 carbon atoms that is the parent structure of all mammalian steroid s.
Any of several enzyme s that put double bonds into the hydrocarbon areas of fatty acid s.
Any in a family of over 200 chlorinated organic chemicals (all heterocyclic hydrocarbons). The term is most commonly applied to a particular chemical, 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-paradioxin (2,3,7,8-TCDD, simply called TCDD), which is an impurity in the defoliant Agent Orange and in the pesticide 2,4,5-T (see auxin ). Dioxins are also produced when chlorinated materials such as plastics are burned. Dioxins are known to cause skin diseases (chloracne), birth defects, miscarriages, and cancer .
A

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.54357
Retrieved Text: The largest database1 of organic compounds lists about 10 million substances, which include compounds originating from living organisms and those synthesized by chemists. The number of potential organic compounds has been estimated2 at 1060—an astronomically high number. The existence of so many organic molecules is a consequence of the ability of carbon atoms to form up to four strong bonds to other carbon atoms, resulting in chains and rings of many different sizes, shapes, and complexities.
The simplest organic compounds contain only the elements carbon and hydrogen, and are called hydrocarbons. Even though they are composed of only two types of atoms, there is a wide variety of hydrocarbons because they may consist of varying lengths of chains, branched chains, and rings of carbon atoms, or combinations of these structures. In addition, hydrocarbons may differ in the types of carbon-carbon bonds present in their molecules. Many hydrocarbons are found in plants, animals, and their fossils; other hydrocarbons have been prepared in the laboratory. We use hydrocarbons every day, mainly as fuels, such as natural gas, acetylene, propane, butane, and the principal components of gasoline, diesel fuel, and heating oil. The familiar plastics polyethylene, polypropylene, and polystyrene are also hydrocarbons. We can distinguish several types of hydrocarbons by differences in the bonding between carbon atoms. This leads to differences in geometries and in the hybridization of the carbon orbitals.
Alkanes, or saturated hydrocarbons, contain only single covalent bonds between carbon atoms. Each of the carbon atoms in an alkane has sp3 hybrid orbitals and is bonded to four other

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.22359
Retrieved Text: Any organic compound composed only of carbon and hydrogen.
Any organic compound composed only of carbon and hydrogen. Because carbon atoms can form double and triple bonds, and chains and ring structures, this produces a huge variety of combinations. The simplest hydrocarbon molecules include methane, ethane, and propane. Like other hydrocarbons they are found in natural fossil fuel deposits, and are a major source of energy.
Because carbon atoms can form double and triple bonds, and chains and ring structures, this produces a huge variety of combinations. The simplest hydrocarbon molecules include methane, ethane, and propane. Like other hydrocarbons they are found in natural fossil fuel deposits, and are a major source of energy.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.835014
Retrieved Text: · Instead of gaining and loosing electrons, carbon shares its 4-electrons with another element or carbon to form molecule.
· Covalent bonds are formed as a result of sharing of electrons. Example- H2, O2, N2. Covalent compounds have low melting point and boiling point due to small intermolecular forces.
· H2forms by sharing valence electrons (1 per atom of H) and produce single bond between two hydrogen atoms.
· O2 forms by sharing valence electrons (2 per atom of O) and produce double bond between two oxygen atoms.
· N2forms by sharing valence electrons (3 per atom of N) and produce triple bond between two nitrogen atoms.
· Methane, CH4is simple carbon compounds and used as a fuel on large scale and also a major component of CNG (Compressed Natural Gas). Methane formed due to sharing of 4 valence electrons of carbon with 4 hydrogen atoms.
Carbon have three allotropes i.e. Diamond, Graphite and fullerene.
Diamond formed due to rigid three dimensional structures of carbon atoms because each carbon atom bonded to another 4 carbon atoms. It is hardest substance.
Graphite formed due to presence of hexagonal array layers above one another, and layers of hexagonal arrays formed because each carbon atom bonded to another 3 carbon atoms with 2 single and 1 double bond. It is smooth, slippery and very good conductor of electricity.
Fullerenes (C-60) are also an allotrope of carbon in which carbon atoms are arranged in football like shape.
Carbon shows versatile nature because it has two characteristics features which are catenation and tetravalency. These both feature gives large numbers of compounds.
Catenation

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.38667
Retrieved Text: Born in 1829 in Darmstadt, Germany, Kekulé was talented at drawing and mathematics. He followed the wishes of his affluent family and attended school with the intention of becoming an architect. While at the University of Giessen, however, he was most intrigued by Justus von Liebig’s lectures in chemistry. He switched his academic focus to chemistry and studied in France, Switzerland, and England.
By 1852 Kekulé had worked in various labs across the continent and earned a Ph.D. from the University of Giessen. Taking advantage of numerous opportunities for advanced study, Kekulé worked in hospitals, universities, and private labs until he began to teach organic chemistry in 1856 at the University of Heidelberg.
During the next few years Kekulé turned his attention to the behavior of carbon atoms. He formulated the idea that carbon could be tetravalent; that is, carbon could have a valence of four, which would enable it to bond with both metals and nonmetals. He punished this theory in 1857. Soon after Kekulé expanded on this to propose that in compounds containing more than one carbon atom, the carbon atoms could be joined in long chains. There still remained molecules that did not fit this framework. Kekulé worked on this problem for many years. He used his mathematical abilities and spatial skills to help determine the structure of compounds.
One night Kekulé sat doting in front of his fire. As he gazed into the flames, he dreamt that the fingers of fire seemed to become snakes that chased themselves in circles. One even caught its tail

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.24046
Retrieved Text: Having spent millions and millions of dollars surveying, exploring, appraising, designing, and developing a site, what do we have to show for it? This depends very much on the type of reservoir. ‘Oil and gas’ isn’t just one category (or even two), but covers a very broad range of mixtures defined by their chemical components.
From a commercial point of view, everything in oil or gas can be considered a hydrocarbon, an inert substance, or a contaminant. In the vast majority of reserves, hydrocarbons make up the vast majority of the mass and volume. This is just as well since they are the part we are most interested in. Hydrocarbons are, as the name implies, compounds made entirely of carbon and hydrogen, which come in an astonishing variety of shapes and sizes because of carbon atoms’ tendency to bond together in chains and rings.
The more common type of hydrocarbons is the aliphatic group, consisting of ‘chains’ and most types of ‘rings’. The simplest is methane, which is a gas has just one carbon atom and four carbon atoms. As we add carbon atoms in a line we get ethane, butane, propane, and pentane, all of which are gasses at room temperature; six carbon atoms make up the backbone of hexane, which is a liquid. These form a class of compounds called alkanes, which continue as you add more carbon atoms, forming increasingly viscous liquids and eventually solids (polythene is technically a very large alkane). Variants on the alkanes are the cycloalkanes, which are simple loops; alkenes and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.925312
Retrieved Text: Propane is a fossil fuel and a component of natural gas. Over millions of years it formed from the organic remains of organisms and is mined from underground deposits. Propane gas is an organic compound made of three molecules of carbon atoms bonded with eight hydrogen atoms. The type of carbon-carbon carbon-hydrogen bonds determines the structure of propane molecules, which follows the same pattern as other types of natural gasses like methane and butane.
The chemical formula of propane is C3H8.
Propane is classified as an organic compound because it contains carbon. It is further categorized as a hydrocarbon because it belongs to a group of organic compounds that are made of only carbon and hydrogen. More specifically, propane is a type of hydrocarbon called an alkane. The atoms in alkane molecules are held together by single covalent bonds, and carbon atoms always form four covalent bonds.
Alkanes follow a general formula with a set ratio of carbon atoms to hydrogen atoms: C_nH2_n+2. The simplest alkane is methane, otherwise known as natural gas. It contains one carbon atom bonded to four hydrogen atoms. For methane, n = 1, so the number of hydrogen atoms it has is equal to 2(1)+2 which equals 4. Ethane contains two carbon atoms bonded together, and each carbon is bonded to three hydrogen atoms for a total of six hydrogen atoms. Propane has chain of three carbon atoms, with a chemical formula of C3H8, because a chain of three carbons require 2(3)+2 hydrogen atoms, which equals eight. Butane, another common alkane used as fuel

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.872215
Retrieved Text: Hydrocarbon, an organic chemical compound composed of carbon and hydrogen. Hydrocarbons may be gases, liquids, or solids. In nature, they are found mainly in plants, petroleum, natural gas, coal, and oil shale. Most burn readily and dissolve more readily in alcohol than in water. Some are toxic and some form an explosive mixture with air. Hydrocarbons are used as fuels and solvents and in the manufacture of industrial chemicals, explosives, plastics, synthetic rubber, dyes, drugs, and other products.
More than 100,000 hydrocarbons are known. The main reason there are so many of these compounds is that carbon atoms can unite in many different ways to form complex chain or ring frameworks. Different arrangements of atoms yield different molecules. For example, the formula C30 H62 (30 carbon atoms and 62 hydrogen atoms) represents 4,111,846,763 possible isomers—compounds whose molecules differ only in structure.
In chemistry, compounds closely related in structure to hydrocarbons are called hydrocarbon derivatives. Such compounds consist of carbon, hydrogen, and other elements, usually oxygen, nitrogen, chlorine, phosphorus, or sulfur. They are often named for the hydrocarbons to which they are most closely related. For example, the organic chloride compound most closely related to ethane is called ethyl chloride. Hydrocarbons and their derivatives form a large part of the subject matter of organic chemistry.
Hydrocarbons are divided into two main groups according to structure—aliphatic (or acyclic) hydrocarbons and cyclic hydrocarbons. They are further divided into groups of compounds having similar chemical properties. Members within a group are called homologs, and each complete group is called a homologous series. Neighboring

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.504486
Retrieved Text: Crude oil, as it is taken from the earth, is a very complex mixture of hydrocarbons.
As might be expected, the term hydrocarbon refers to the hydrogen and carbon atoms linked together and forming a majority of the individual molecules that are present. Having been transformed from living organisms being subject to heat and pressure over millions of years, the crude is termed to be an “organic” material. In addition to hydrogen and carbon, there are small amounts of other atomic elements that are present and mostly incorporated into the hydrocarbon molecules. The most common of these are nitrogen and sulfur. As part of the hydrocarbon, they are referred to as “hetero-” atoms. Heavier crude may also contain some inorganic materials such as nickel, vanadium, and iron, which are removed during refining.
Hydrocarbons form in an extraordinarily large number of configurations. They range in size from the simplest methane molecule, which contains one carbon atom and four hydrogens, to heavy asphaltic resins with structures that have not been fully mapped. Because we are dealing with mineral oil–based lubricants, we are interested in molecules of a size that fit into the range of approximately 15 to 95 carbon atoms long, corresponding roughly to a boiling range of about 300–700°C. In addition, as the number of carbon atoms in a molecule increase, the number of different ways that a molecule can be structured increases dramatically. Although many different arrangements of molecules may be imagined, for practical purposes, petroleum hydrocarbons are generally classified in a limited number of ways.
Consider the list

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.048286
Retrieved Text: The number of organic compounds, which are present around us and in our environment, is infinite. The large numbers are credited to the property of catenation as exhibited by carbon. Carbon can make four strong bonds; which, in turn, results in the formation of chain and ring structures. As the name indicates, hydrocarbons are organic compounds of hydrogen and carbon. Although the hydrocarbons are composed of only carbon and hydrogen, they occur in varied forms. This diversity can be attributed to the fact that hydrocarbons are present in the form of linear compounds, branched-chain structures, and ringed forms. The most common and the simplest hydrocarbon is methane. Hydrocarbons are versatile in their utility and are also present in crude oil, coal, natural gas, and other sources of energy; naturally.
Nonetheless, hydrocarbons never miss a chance to play a significant role in our daily life. The fuels that we use as sources of energy like CNG and LPG are nothing but a mixture of hydrocarbons only. Besides the uses mentioned above, the hydrocarbons render other great advantages as well. Let’s discuss the hydrocarbons in detail.
I. Saturated Hydrocarbons: The saturated hydrocarbons contain only carbon-carbon and carbon-hydrogen single bonds. They include open-chain as well as closed-ring structures. Alkanes and cycloalkanes are examples of saturated hydrocarbon; which are formed when different carbon atoms join to form an open-chain or a ringed structure.
II. Unsaturated Hydrocarbons: The unsaturated hydrocarbons contain multiple bonds; carbon makes double or triple bonds with other carbon atoms. The unsaturated hydrocarbons are of two types; alkene (containing double bonds)

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.666344
Retrieved Text: Hydrocarbons containing at least three carbon atoms and non-aromatic carbon-to-hydrogen bonds are converted into hydrocarbons containing a new carbon-to-carbon linkage and having a higher carbon to hydrogen ratio by heating with an hydrogen-accepting olefine and a proportion of iodine (or hydrogen iodide, alkyl iodides or other compound which liberates iodine under the reaction conditions) of at least 0.05 mol. per mol. of hydrocarbon to be converted at at least 300 DEG C. to effect carbonto-hydrogen bond cleavage in the hydrocarbon feed and convert the olefine to paraffin. Conversions which may be effected are dehydrogenation of alkanes or aralkanes, e.g. isobutane to isobutene, n-butane to butenes and butadiene, ethyl benzene to styrene, o-methyl ethyl benzene to o-methyl styrene, and n-butyl benzene to 4 - phenyl - butadiene - 1,3; dehydrocoupling, e.g. propylene to diallyl, isobutene to dimethallyl, toluene to dibenzyl and stilbene; dehydrocyclization often with aromatization, e.g. n-hexane to benzene, n-heptane to toluene, n-octane to m-xylene and ethyl benzene, 2,5-dimethyl hexane to p-xylene, hexadiene-1,3 to benzene, hexane-1 to cyclohexene, o-diethylbenzene to naphthalene, o-methyl propyl benzene to naphthalene, n-butyl benzene to naphthalene, 2,3-diethyl naphthalene to anthracene, butylcyclohexane to naphthalene, and butylcyclopentane to indene; and dehydrogenation, often with aromatization of hydroaromatic hydrocarbons, e.g. cyclohexane to cyclohexene and benzene, and methylcyclohexane to toluene. In the case of acyclic hydrocarbons containing a quaternary carbon atom, dealkylation and/or isomerization may occur, e.g. 2,2,5-trimethylhexane gives p- and m-xylenes. The olefine used should be such that the sum of the standard free energy change for the hydrogenation of the olefine to the corresponding paraffin

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.364162
Retrieved Text: The covalent bond ( a pair of shared electrons) is the most common form of linkage between atoms in organic chemistry and biochemistry.
Each element has its own characteristic number of bonds : its valency.
Each line represents a covalent bond, to be used to combine with other atoms.
Actually this is an over-simplification because these are only 2-dimensional. In fact, the 4 bonds of carbon are at about 109º to each other but in 3 dimensions. Another way of saying this is that the 4 bonds are each directed towards the corners of a regular tetrahedron (formed from 4 equilateral triangles), with the carbon atom in the centre!
Carbon is special, because of its four bonds which enable it to combine with other carbon atoms and form a chain. The other elements H, O, N etc are unable to form giant structures on their own.
The term organic has several connotations. Originally it meant something derived from a living organism plant or animal, rather than of mineral origin: inorganic.
Then it became used by chemists to cover compounds of natural origin which were found to be based on carbon, and the term was extended to cover similar and more complex compounds produced artificially, and often containing other elements.
With this proviso, the term organic may be used without much confusion between biologists and chemists (and, indeed biochemists)!
More recently, it has been used in a more general way to describe consumer products and production processes which are not based on chemical fertilisers or other artificial chemicals. In this sense, there is scope for

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.323074
Retrieved Text: The increasingly large number of organic compounds identified with each passing day, together with the fact that many of these compounds are isomers of other compounds, requires that a systematic nomenclature system be developed. Just as each distinct compound has a unique molecular structure which can be designated by a structural formula, each compound must be given a characteristic and unique name.
Such common names often have their origin in the history of the science and the natural sources of specific compounds, but the relationship of these names to each other is arbitrary, and no rational or systematic principles underly their assignments.
A rational nomenclature system should do at least two things. First, it should indicate how the carbon atoms of a given compound are bonded together in a characteristic lattice of chains and rings. Second, it should identify and locate any functional groups present in the compound. Since hydrogen is such a common component of organic compounds, its amount and locations can be assumed from the tetravalency of carbon, and need not be specified in most cases.
 A root or base indicating a major chain or ring of carbon atoms found in the molecular structure.
 A suffix or other element(s) designating functional groups that may be present in the compound.
 Names of substituent groups, other than hydrogen, that complete the molecular structure.
As an introduction to the IUPAC nomenclature system, we shall first consider compounds that have no specific functional groups. Such compounds are composed only of carbon and hydrogen atoms bonded together by sigma bonds (all carbons

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.088852
Retrieved Text: Miscibility /mɪsᵻˈbɪlᵻti/ is the property of substances to mix in all proportions, forming a homogeneous solution. The term is most often applied to liquids, but applies also to solids and gases. Water and ethanol, for example, are miscible because they mix in all proportions.
By contrast, substances are said to be immiscible if a significant proportion does not form a solution. Otherwise, the substances are considered miscible. For example, butanone is significantly soluble in water, but these two solvents are not miscible because they are not soluble in all proportions.
In organic compounds, the weight percent of hydrocarbon chain often determines the compound's miscibility with water. For example, among the alcohols, ethanol has two carbon atoms and is miscible with water, whereas 1-octanol with eight carbons is not. Octanol's immiscibility leads it to be used as a standard for partition equilibria. This is also the case with lipids; the very long carbon chains of lipids cause them almost always to be immiscible with water. Analogous situations occur for other functional groups. Acetic acid (CH3COOH) is miscible with water, whereas valeric acid (C4H9COOH) is not. Simple aldehydes and ketones tend to be miscible with water, because a hydrogen bond can form between the hydrogen atom of a water molecule and the unbonded (lone) pair of electrons on the carbonyl oxygen atom.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.98288
Retrieved Text: To describe the bonding in benzene and the way typical reactions of benzene differ from those of the alkenes.
Next we consider a class of hydrocarbons with molecular formulas like those of unsaturated hydrocarbons, but which, unlike the alkenes, do not readily undergo addition reactions. These compounds comprise a distinct class, called aromatic hydrocarbons, with unique structures and properties. We start with the simplest of these compounds. Benzene (C6H6) is of great commercial importance, but it also has noteworthy health effects.
The formula C6H6 seems to indicate that benzene has a high degree of unsaturation. (Hexane, the saturated hydrocarbon with six carbon atoms has the formula C6H14—eight more hydrogen atoms than benzene.) However, despite the seeming low level of saturation, benzene is rather unreactive. It does not, for example, react readily with bromine, which, is a test for unsaturation.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.654644
Retrieved Text: This article provides you the revision notes on Class 12 Chemistry: Chapter- Amines, to give you a quick glance of the chapter. These quick notes are prepared strictly according to the latest CBSE syllabus for Class 12th Chemistry.
Nitrogen atom of amines carries an unshared pair of electrons and is sp3 hybridised with pyramidal shape. Due to the presence of unshared pair of electrons, the angle C–N–E, (where E is C or H) is less than 109.5°.
In aromatic amines, the C‒N bond is slightly stronger due to the partial double bond character which arises as a result of delocalisation of lone pair of N with the benzene ring.
• 1° amine: One hydrogen atom of NH3 is replaced by an alkyl or aryl group.
• 2° amine: Two hydrogen atoms of NH3 are replaced by alkyl or aryl groups.
• 3° amine: All three hydrogen atoms of NH3 are replaced by alkyl or aryl groups.
• Aliphatic amines are named by prefixing an alkyl group to a mine, i.e., alkylamine.
• Secondary and tertiary amines, having two or more similar groups are named by adding prefix ‘di’ or ‘tri’ before the name of alkyl group.
• Aromatic amines are named as derivatives of the parent member, aniline (C6H5NH2).
• Aliphatic or aromatic amines are named by replacing ‘e’ in the end of the parent hydrocarbon by ‘amine’.
• Amines containing more than one amino groups at different positions in the parent chain, are named by specifying numbers to the carbon atoms bearing –NH2 groups along with attaching a suitable prefix such as di, tri, etc.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.39955
Retrieved Text: ’Polyynes are difficult to make because if you try to purify them they usually decompose into a some amorphous black goo which falls to the bottom of the flask,’ says Tykwinski, who is presently at the Friedrich Alexander University in Erlangen, Germany.
In this way, the researchers made a number of polyynes of differing length, with the longest containing 22 acetylene units, totalling 44 carbon atoms. ’We have shown how these longer chains can be made stable,’ says Tykwinski. ’This should now allow us to start examining the properties of these one-dimensional carbon chains in more detail.’ The researchers demonstrated that the polyyne - and thus presumably carbyne - has alternating single and triple bonds, something that was suspected but not verified until now.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.23932
Retrieved Text: Here on warm, watery Earth, the molecules DNA and RNA serve as the blueprints of life, containing creatures’ genetic instruction manuals. An immense family of proteins carries out these instructions.
«The genetic molecules we have proposed could perform on ‘warm Titans’,» said paper lead author Steven Benner, a distinguished fellow at the Foundation for Applied Molecular Evolution, a private scientific research organization based in Alachua, Florida.
Bigger molecular cousins to Titan’s methane, such as the octane that helps fuel our vehicles, would also make for far more suitable solvents. Although no «warm Titans» close-in to their host stars have turned up so far in exoplanet exploration, Benner is hopeful there are worlds aplenty that fit the bill.
«Within our own solar system, we do not have a planet big enough, close enough to the Sun, and with the right temperature to support warm hydrocarbon oceans on its surface,» said Benner. «But each week, astronomers are discovering new solar systems other than our own.
» The new paper appeared in the March issue of the journal Astrobiology and was funded in part by the Exobiology & Evolutionary Biology element of the NASA Astrobiology Program.
DNA and RNA allow for a biological version of the axiom «the more things change, the more they stay the same.» Individual «letters,» or nucleobases, in the four-letter code of DNA and RNA can mutate without destroying the molecule’s overall form and function.
«This is the central point of the ‘polyelectrolyte theory of gene,’ which holds that any genetic biopolymer able to support Darwinian evolution operating in water must

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.212185
Retrieved Text: Lipids are nonpolar organic molecules that are insoluble in polar water but soluble in nonpolar organic solvents like ether, alcohol, and chloroform. Lipids show hydrophobic behavior. The behaviour is associated with the chemical structures of lipids. Lipids have high proportion of C-1-I bonds. C-1-I is non-polar in character. Phospholipids and cholesterol are lipids. They are important constituents of cell membranes. The most common lipids in plants and animals are fats.
oxygen atoms. Some figs also contain small amounts of phosphorus and nitrogen. They contain a much smaller proportion of oxygen than carbohydrates. For example the formula of the fat tristearin is C5,F111006.
The building blocks of fat molecules are fatty acids and glycerol. Fatty acids contain long hydrocarbon chains bonded to carboxyl (COOH) groups. Glycerol is a three-carbon alcohol, with each carbon bearing a hydroxyl (OH) group. Three fatty acid molecules combine with one glycerol molecule. They are attached to the three carbon atoms in the glycerol backbone.
The fats with three fatty acids are called triglyceride neutral fat or triacylglycerol. The glycerol portion of every fat molecule is the same. But there are many kinds of fatty acids. Therefore, there are many kinds of fats. Fatty acid molecules differ in the length of their carbon chains aud in the ways the carbon atoms combine. The most common are e :en-numbered chains of 14 to 20 carbons.
Unsaturated fats: The% have double bonds. Their chains bend at the double bonds. So the fat molecules cannot align closely w ith one another. Therefore. they have low melting points. Thus the fat

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.15763
Retrieved Text: A systematic study of the oxidation of a range of terminal diols is reported, employing the oxoammonium salt 4-acetamido-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidine-1-oxoammonium tetrafluoroborate (4-NHAc-TEMPO+ BF4−) as the oxidant. For substrates bearing a hydrocarbon chain of seven carbon atoms or more, the sole product is the dialdehyde. A series of post-oxidation reactions have been performed showing that the product mixture resulting from the oxidation step can be taken on directly to a subsequent transformation. For diols containing four to six carbon atoms, the lactone product is the major product upon oxidation. In the case of 1,2-ethanediol and 1,3-propanediol, when using a 1 : 0.5 stoichiometric ratio of substrate to oxidant, the corresponding monoaldehyde is formed which reacts rapidly with further diol to yield the acetal product. This is of particular synthetic value given both the difficulty of their preparation using other approaches and also their potential application in further reaction chemistry.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.969887
Retrieved Text: Purdue University researchers have developed a hydrogenation process that could solidify soybean oil for food processing without creating trans fats, which have been linked to heart disease and stroke.
Trans fat is the common name for a type of unsaturated fat with trans-isomer fatty acid(s). Trans fats may be monounsaturated or polyunsaturated but never saturated.
Unsaturated fat is a fat molecule, containing one or more double bonds between the carbon atoms. Since the carbons are double-bonded to each other, there are fewer bonds available for hydrogen, so there are fewer hydrogen atoms, hence "unsaturated". Cis and trans are terms that refer to the arrangement of chains of carbon atoms across the double bond. In the cis arrangement, the chains are on the same side of the double bond, resulting in a kinked geometry. In the trans arrangement, the chains are on opposite sides of the double bond, and the chain is straight overall.
The process of hydrogenation is intended to add hydrogen atoms to cis-unsaturated fats, eliminating a double bond and making them more saturated. These saturated fats have a higher melting point, which makes them attractive for baking and extends their shelf-life. However, the process frequently has a side effect that turns some cis-isomers into trans-unsaturated fats instead of hydrogenating them completely.
There is another class of trans fats, vaccenic acid, which occurs naturally in trace amounts in meat and dairy products from ruminants.
Unlike other dietary fats, trans fats are not essential, and they do not promote good health. The consumption of trans fats increases one's risk of coronary

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.90156
Retrieved Text: A fatty acid is a combination of a chain of carbon and hydrogen atoms, known as a hydrocarbon, and a particular acid group (-COOH). Three fatty-acid molecules combined with a glycerol form a triglyceride fat or oil.
While several varieties of fatty acid occur in nature, all belong in one of two categories—saturated or unsaturated. In a saturated fatty-acid molecule, all the carbon atoms in the chain are attached to two hydrogen atoms, the maximum amount. All the bonds between the carbon atoms in the chain are single electron bonds. An example of fat made of saturated fatty acids is butter.
Unsaturated fatty-acid molecules have one or more carbon atoms with only a single hydrogen atom attached. In these chains, one or more bonds between the carbon atoms are double. A molecule with one double bond is called monounsaturated, and two or more double bonds is called polyunsaturated. An example of unsaturated fat is vegetable oil.
Generally, fats consisting of saturated fatty acids are solid, and those made up of unsaturated molecules are liquid. An unsaturated fatty acid may be converted into saturated through a process called hydrogenation. While most modern diets are aimed at the reduction of fatty acids (fats), it is important to recognize that several of them, such as oleic, butyric, and palmitic acid, are important parts of the human diet. Another, linoleic acid, is absolutely essential to human life. It is an important part of a vital chemical reaction in the body, and is obtained solely through ingestion. It is found in corn, soybean, and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.48929
Retrieved Text: Fat, these days, is a bad word. But we can't survive without fats, and more particularly, without fatty acids. Fatty acids are small molecules composed of a long string of carbon and hydrogen atoms, with an acidic group at one end. They are used for two essential things in your body. First, they are used to build the lipids that make up all of the membranes around and inside your cells. Second, fatty acids are a concentrated source of energy, so they are often connected to glycerol to form fats, which is a compact way to store energy until it is needed. But as we all know, if we eat too much, this extra fat can build up!
We get most of our fatty acids from our diet, but our cells also make enzymes that can construct most of our fatty acids, if needed. The construction of fatty acids is a stepwise process, adding carbon atoms two at a time to the growing chain. It takes four separate chemical reactions at each step, first adding the carbon atoms and then reducing them to the proper hydrocarbon form. It also takes several additional enzymes to start the process, and a few more to clip off the finished fatty acid at the end.
Remarkably, in our cells all of these complicated tasks are performed by one long protein chain. It folds into a bunch of connected domains that each do different steps in the reaction. You can see a low resolution structure of our complicated fatty acid synthase in the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.116814
Retrieved Text: Chapter L3 Section 4 Organic Compounds The Four Bonds of a Carbon Atom More than 90% of all compounds belong to a group called organic compounds. Organic compounds are covalent compounds composed of carbon-based molecules. Fuel, rubbing alcohol, sugar, cotton, paper and plastic belong to this group. All organic compounds contain carbon. Each carbon atom has four valence electrons so each carbon atom can make four bonds with four other atoms.
Section 4 Organic Compounds The Four Bonds of a Carbon Atom, continued Carbon Backbones Structural formulas are models that are used to show how atoms in a molecule are connected. Each line represents a pair of electrons that form a covalent bond.
Section 4 Organic Compounds The Four Bonds of a Carbon Atom, continued Many organic compounds are based on the types of carbon backbones shown below. Some compounds have hundreds or thousands of carbon atoms as part of their backbone.
Section 4 Organic Compounds The Four Bonds of a Carbon Atom, continued Organic compounds may also contain hydrogen, oxygen, sulfur, nitrogen, and phosphorus. The next slide shows three models of carbon backbones.
Section 4 Organic Compounds Hydrocarbons and Other Organic Compounds Many organic compounds contain several kinds of atoms, but some contain only two. Organic compounds that contain only carbon and hydrogen are called hydrocarbons. There are three types of hydrocarbons: saturated hydrocarbons, unsaturated hydrocarbons, and aromatic hydrocarbons.
Chapter L3 Section 4 Organic Compounds Hydrocarbons, continued Saturated Hydrocarbons An alkane, or saturated hydrocarbon, is a hydrocarbon in which each carbon atom in the molecule shares a single bond with

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.10361
Retrieved Text: ACK’S FATHER LIKES REGULAR BUTTER, HIS OLDER sister has been putting olive oil on everything since returning from her summer in Italy, and his 82-year-old grandmother, who lives with them, insists on using margarine.
Also, recently, Jack’s mother started buying a lot of foods containing high levels of omega- 3 fats, because, she says, they are healthy.
as a backbone for the triglyceride molecule (Fig. 1).
Fatty acids are carboxylic acids with long hydrocarbon tails. The general structure for a fatty acid is RCOOH, where –COOH is a carboxyl group and R represents a hydrocarbon side-chain containing 3 to 19 carbon atoms. In a triglyceride, the ester bond is between the carboxyl group of each fatty acid and one of the three alcohol (–OH) groups of the glycerol backbone (Fig. 1).
Figure 1. Fats and oils, also called triglycerides, are esters composed of three fatty acid units joined to glycerol. The ester bonds are indicated in red.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.81747
Retrieved Text: It’s well understood by physicists that stars are responsible for building most of the abundance of elements heavier than helium, through nuclear fusion. Recent observations from LIGO and optical counterparts of neutron star collisions indicate that these processes, and not supernovae, may be responsible for constructing certain elements such as gold and platinum.
But another considerable mystery is how complex chemistry occurs in outer space - how do these elemental building blocks meet and form complex hydrocarbons, like those that seem to be required for carbon-based life?
Now, new experiments have looked at conditions similar to those in outer space to assess the feasibility of processes to form a complex hydrocarbon molecule, pyrene. The study was an international collaboration between experimentalists at the Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab), astronomers from the University of Hawaii at Manoa, and theoretical chemists to understand the chemical reactions at Florida International University. The study was published March 5, in Nature Astronomy.
Hydrocarbons can include a vast array of different chemical compounds, due to the rich chemistry made possible by the hydrogenic bonding; molecular rings can form to provide a huge range of substances, many of which are used by biological organisms. Examples that have been detected in space include benzene and naphthalene. Pyrene is a slightly more complex molecule, consisting of 16 carbon atoms and ten hydrogen atoms; you can view it as four rings of benzene fused together. These polycylic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are considered possible precursors for the origin of life, and they are associated with the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.77569
Retrieved Text: Carbon is termed to be an element of enormous importance to us in both elemental and combined form. Food, clothes, medicines, books, and many of the things are based on this element carbon. Also all the living structures are carbon based. Only 0.02% carbon is found in earth’s crust. Carbon is found in minerals like hydrogen carbonates, carbonates, coal and petroleum. 0.03% of carbon dioxide is present in the atmosphere. Though it is available in very small amount, its importance is very large.
Most of the carbon compounds are found to be poor conductors of electricity. Carbon compounds have covalent bonds between them. Covalent bond is a bond that is formed by sharing an electron pair between two atoms. Carbon compounds behave as poor conductors of electricity because of the presence of covalent bond between them. Carbon atoms form covalent bonds between themselves and with the atoms of other elements also.
Allotropy is defined as the property of some chemical elements to exist in two or more different forms. The two different allotropes of carbon are diamond and graphite. In diamond, each carbon atom is bonded to other four carbon atoms forming a rigid 3-dimensional structure while in the case of graphite each carbon atom is bonded to other three carbon atoms in the same plane giving a hexagonal array.Fullerene is also an allotrope of carbon containing clusters of 60 carbons joined together to form a sphere (similar to the football) and this allotrope is also called as buckminsterfullerene.
1 - Carbon has the distinctive capability to form bonds

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.693626
Retrieved Text: Hydrocarbons and carbohydrates should not be confused. Hydrocarbons contain hydrogen and carbon only. Carbohydrates contain these two elements, but they also contain oxygen. In fact the "ate" suffix in chemistry implies oxygen. I'm sure you've heard of: carbonate (CO3), sulfate (SO4), phosphate (PO4), nitrate (NO3), and silicate (SiO4). These are not complete molecules - they are fragments, polyatomic anions to be precise, that are typically paired with metals to make salts or minerals, or with hydrogen to produce acids. Thus calcium carbonate, the principal component of limestone, or marble when compressed and heated over geologic time, is CaCO3. This "ate" nomenclature may help you remember that carbohydrates contain oxygen, and are a much more complicated molecule. In fact carbohydrates, along with proteins and fats, form the basis of food. These are the three macronutrients, as described earlier.
Since hydrocarbons contain only hydrogen and carbon, their structure is much simpler. In fact, the properties of a hydrocarbon molecule are determined, primarily, by the number of carbons. The simplest example has one carbon, surrounded by four hydrogens, and is called methane. It is a small, light, symmetric molecule, hence it is a gas. It does not liquify until -161C, or -258F. You've probably been out in weather that is subzero, but temperatures this cold are simply unimaginable.
The above representation is somewhat misleading, because it squashes the methane molecule onto the 2 dimensional page. Most molecules have a 3 dimensional structure. The carbon atom has four electrons in its outermost shell, four valence electrons, four bonds that must be satisfied.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.566746
Retrieved Text: There are 5 lectures in this section of science wherein you are going to learn about Carbon and its compound. This is a very important chapter of Science and accounts for about 23 marks with periodic classification of elements. In Carbon and its compound You will learn the following as per the syllabus: Covalent bonding in carbon compounds. Versatile nature of carbon. Homologous series, Nomenclature of carbon compounds containing functional groups (halogens, alcohol, ketones, aldehydes, alkanes and alkynes), difference between saturated hydrocarbons and unsaturated hydrocarbons. Chemical properties of carbon compounds (combustion, oxidation, addition and substitution reaction). Ethanol and Ethanoic acid (only properties and uses), soaps and detergents.
This is first lecture of the Carbon and its compound which is the fourth chapter and is very important for SA-2 as it covers about 15-18 marks in exams. In this session you will learn about the Carbon and its properties. As you know carbon is an element and it has 4 valence electrons in its outermost shell, its valence electron are responsible for the entire change in the behavior and thus it forms maximum number of compounds. You will study here the terms covalency, catenation, tetravalency. The you will learn about the occurrence of Carbon. Sharing of electrons by Carbon. Then you will study the properties of hydrogen and how it forms compounds with hydrogen.Occurrence of allotropes of Carbon i.e.,Diamond, Graphite and Buckministerfulerene. You will study the properties of all three isotopes and difference among the three. You will also discuss the term Allotrophy, organic, Inorganic compound, saturated and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.282402
Retrieved Text: This page deals briefly with the combustion of alkanes and cycloalkanes. In fact, there is very little difference between the two.
Complete combustion (given sufficient oxygen) of any hydrocarbon produces carbon dioxide and water. It is quite important that you can write properly balanced equations for these reactions, because they often come up as a part of thermochemistry calculations. Some are easier than others. For example, with alkanes, the ones with an even number of carbon atoms are marginally harder than those with an odd number!
With butane (C4H10), you can again balance the carbons and hydrogens as you write the equation down.
Counting the oxygens leads to a slight problem - with 13 on the right-hand side. The simple trick is to allow yourself to have "six-and-a-half" O2 molecules on the left.
The hydrocarbons become harder to ignite as the molecules get bigger. This is because the bigger molecules don't vaporize so easily - the reaction is much better if the oxygen and the hydrocarbon are well mixed as gases. If the liquid is not very volatile, only those molecules on the surface can react with the oxygen. Bigger molecules have greater Van der Waals attractions which makes it more difficult for them to break away from their neighbors and turn to a gas.
Provided the combustion is complete, all the hydrocarbons will burn with a blue flame. However, combustion tends to be less complete as the number of carbon atoms in the molecules rises. That means that the bigger the hydrocarbon, the more likely you are to get a

================



======= Instance Index 352 =========
Input Text: A wooden floor will be easier to slide a chair over than a carpeted floor will be because a wooden floor

Which is the correct answer?
- has dry friction
- has enormous friction
- has less roughness
- has more texture

Target Text: has less roughness

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.854156
Retrieved Text: Have you ever tried to get a running start and slide across a smooth, wooden floor while wearing socks? What happens if you try the same thing on a carpeted floor or while wearing shoes? The amount of friction between your feet and the floor surface determines how well you can slide. Some combinations of surfaces, such as socks on a wooden floor, produce very little friction. Other combinations, such as rubber soles on a wooden floor, produce much more friction. In this project you'll do a much smaller-scale friction experiment by launching tiny objects along a surface with a rubber band. How do you think friction will affect how far the objects slide?
Friction is the force that opposes motion between two surfaces that are touching one another. Friction is a very important part of everyday life—without it, you wouldn't be able to walk because your feet would just slip on the floor! Sometimes it is very important for surfaces to have high friction, such as the rubber tires of a car on the road. Other times we want surfaces to have low friction, such as when you go down a slide at the playground or sled on a snowy hill. The amount of friction changes depending on which materials come into contact with one another.
Another thing that can affect friction on an object is the object's weight. Imagine pushing two boxes—one heavier than the other—made out of the same material. You will have to push harder to move the heavier box. This is because gravity

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.43066
Retrieved Text: Tiled floor with alarm panel and double french door leading to the main hallway.
Tiled floor leading to carpeted runner stairwell, with a range of power points, a telephone point, thermostat and closet off hallway.
Wooden flooring with a range of power points, thermostat and a TV point. Feature fireplace housing a wood burning stove with a sandstone mantle, surround, hearth and shelf.
Wooden floor with telephone point, power points and thermostat.
Wooden flooring with power points, a TV point, thermostat and a shelf.
Tiled floor with centre island featuring a range of drawers, wooden below counter units with glass panelled above counter units, tiled splashback surround, 1 bowl stainless steel sink and drainer, shelving, unit downlighting, a smeg gas oven and hob with space for a dishwasher. Copious amounts of space for a large dining table with a TV point and a range of power points.
Tiled floor room which is plumbed for a washer and dryer, 1 bowl stainless steel sink and drainer, above and below counter wooden units with tiled splashback, power points and thermostat.
Tiled floor room with dual flush white ceramic WC, a wall wash hand basin with tiled splashback and extractor fan.
Tiled floor with thermostat, power points, a pull cord fanlight and patio doors leading to the side patio area.
Wooden floored with power points.
Wooden floor with shelving for storage.
Tiled floor with white ceramic dual flush WC, white ceramic freestanding claw leg bathtub, white ceramic wash hand basin with integrated below counter units, tiled splashback and integrated mirror with downlighting, built in side units at wash hand basin

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.545444
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'CycleChat Cafe' started by jayonabike, 3 May 2010.
The Mrs has decided i need to redecorate the living room (thanks love!), and wants to replace the wooden floor we have with carpet. I'm not so sure, i like a wooden floor and would prefer a new laminate floor to carpet. We have 2 big dogs and yes they do scratch a wooden floor, but they also flatten carpet pretty quickly also. What would you have?
Wood, every time. Real wood if the budget stretches to it. Apart from the stairs and landing we have no carpets anymore.
Yep, wooden floor every time!
Far easier to slide across in your socks!
I like carpet, apart from in the hall.
We have a wooden floor in the living room and it looks great and is probably better during the warmer months of the year. However we are thinking of replacing with a carpet. Think it will be warmer and more cosy in the Autumn, Winter and early Spring.
Also I think it is nicer for the kids to play on. Much comfier for the hands, knees and elbows for rolling around on.
But splinters are better than burns!
Think of your neighbours, if you have any. Wood is so noisy.
No doubt about it. It's gotta be wood if you have pets or kids.
Wood for me, but downstairs only. Not because i dont like it upstairs, but I live in a new build with paper thin floors and the noise would be terrible.
I live in a new build with paper thin floors and the noise would

########
Rank: 3
Score: 49.216946
Retrieved Text: Okorder.com is a professional Wooden Garden Table And Chair Sets supplier & manufacturer, offers integrated one-stop services including real-time quoting and online cargo tracking. We are funded by CNBM Group, a Fortune 500 enterprise and the largest Wooden Garden Table And Chair Sets firm in China.
What protective equipment should I wear when using oxalic acid?
The hotel chain is some ground floor, how carpeted? I thought whether joining the chain hotel.
What is the average life of a quartz watch?
Which is a better insulator? Polyester Fiberfill, or cotton balls?
Edge sealing machine, furniture, or paste the edge of furniture, good, what is the difference?
Will the computer be repaired in the repair shop?
What do you do in summer when you're lonely and bored?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 49.210545
Retrieved Text: Procter & Gamble - Pampers 10037000913044 - It's safe and fast drying formula dissolves dirt and tough, sticky messes to reveal the natural beauty of your floors. Safe & fast drying formula do not use on unfinished, oiled or waxed wooden boards, non-sealed tiles or carpeted floors because they may be water sensitive. Pre-mixed cleaning solution dissolves dirt and tough, sticky messes.
For best end results on your floor, use with Swiffer WetJet mopping pads. Scents available in: open window fresh with the Power of Dawn, Febreze Lavender Vanilla & Comfort, Sweet Citrus & Zest, Gain, and Wood Edition. New & improved swiffer wetjet multi-surface Floor Cleaner is a pre-mixed cleaning solution made specially for the Swiffer WetJet all-in-one power mop.
Swiffer Wetjet Hardwood Floor Mopping and Cleaning Solution Refills, All Purpose Cleaning Product, Sweet Citrus and Zest Scent, 42.2 Fl Oz, 2 Pack - Reveals the natural beauty of your floors.
Swiffer 80208260 - There's a perfect solution for any cleaning need. Absorb + lock strip helps trap dirt & grime deep in pad so it doesn't get pushed around. For best end results on your hardwood floor, use with Swiffer WetJet solutions. Swiffer wetjet multi-surface mopping pads have a new ABSORB + LOCK STRIP that helps trap dirt & grime deep in pad so it doesn't get pushed around.
Swiffer Wetjet Hardwood Mop Pad Refills for Floor Mopping and Cleaning, All Purpose Multi Surface Floor Cleaning Product, 24 Count - Also try swiffer wetjet extra power! contains an extra SCRUBBING STRIP with the power of Magic Eraser. When

########
Rank: 5
Score: 48.92981
Retrieved Text: This property is located within the Dilkes Academy catchment area which has an outstanding Ofsted report. Ockendon Station C2C line is only 1.62 miles away and the benefit of this property, whilst it needs some modernisation, is being sold with the benefit of NO ONWARD CHAIN.
Wooden glazed leaded light door leading into porch.
Brick-faced painted walls, painted ceiling, wooden glazed leaded-light windows to front, wooden glazed door leading into hallway.
Carpeted flooring, papered walls, textured ceiling, radiator, carpeted stairs leading to first floor landing.
Wooden glazed door, carpeted flooring, papered walls, cove papered ceiling, radiator, double glazed window to front aspect and feature fireplace.
Vinyl floor, papered walls, painted ceiling, radiator, double glazed window to rear aspect and wooden glazed door leading into lobby. The kitchen comprises of a number of eye level and base level units, roll-top work surface, inset stainless steel sink, space for gas cooker, space and plumbing for washing machine.
Vinyl floor, brick-faced painted walls, painted ceiling, wooden door leading into ground floor cloakroom, wooden glazed door leading to breakfast room.
Carpeted flooring, textured walls, painted ceiling, double glazed window to rear aspect, four panelled wooden door leading into airing cupboard, loft-hatch leading into loft space.
Four panelled wooden door, vinyl floor, papered walls, painted ceiling, radiator, double glazed window to front aspect and built-in cupboard.
Four panelled wooden door, vinyl floor, papered walls, painted ceiling, radiator and double glazed window to front aspect.
Four panelled wooden door, vinyl floor, papered walls, painted ceiling, radiator, double glazed window to rear aspect and built-in cupboard.
Four panelled wooden door, vinyl floor, tiled walls,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.181858
Retrieved Text: On the sculpted carpet the incoming light strikes the uneven surfaces for the pile at different perspectives. This type of carpet shows simply no footprints. The low densely packed floor is the best for wear. Because the carpet loops are not lower in a low densely packed floor covering it will wear longer than a cut pile carpet can. The taller the heap the more sound absorbing capacities the carpet will be. Keep in mind that high pile carpet is definitely not good for high traffic areas. These fibers will be trampled and will be harder to clean. The fundamental pile or low hook is a good performer in a high traffic area. You will often see this type of carpet in offices. It wears just like iron and cleans up easier than a pile carpeting. The chunky look of Berber will have a level streets and have a chunky appearance. The wear factor great but not as good as level hook carpeting but it will hide the dirt better. Keep in mind as like all things is obviously you will get what you pay for. A low quality carpet is a low quality flooring. Be aware and select the floor you need and like. Simply because it looks like a good deal at the time, you may not think that when you have to change the rugs in 3 years instead of 15 or 20 years. So shop carefully! Find out what the reassurances is on the carpet and what the guarantee covers. Should it

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.1065
Retrieved Text: Ed Boyden and Mark Lynds presented an update to the church on the outcome of visits to other churches, the research questionaire and further discussions from their presentation to the last PPC meeting.
These are some of the topics discussed at this meeting.
Linking (types, ease of use etc)? All chairs can be linked together. Linking methods vary, some have metal brackets fitted along the base, others have plastic clips that can fit along the base or on front legs. If the chairs might be used in a curved line or circle the front leg links allow this but the base links do not.
Noise from chairs if wooden floor (when getting up/down)? This has been discussed during our research and no churches have reported a problem with it. If chairs are linked together (likely on a Sunday morning) they would not move/scrape the floor and so would not be able to make a noise.
Setting up and putting away (stacks, how many, where stored?) All chairs stack (one type up to 25, the rest up to 40 high). All have purpose-made trolleys that can be wheeled to a storage place (probably the library corner in the case of St Paul’s).
Who will move the chairs? This is a good question and one which will need to be discussed further. At some churches they have a caretaker or team of people who arrange the chairs as necessary after a booking or before the next service. At others the users/hirers of the church who move the chairs are required to put them

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.355244
Retrieved Text: It’s a good feeling to have a shiny wooden floor, and when your friends come over they admire and stay amazed at how well conditioned it is. Well, we all know maintaining a wooden floor is no easy task. Most vacuum cleaners in our closets are best suited for carpets with fluffy and tough surfaces but won’t work for wooden floors as the may destroy the top surface and waxing.
The first and most important rule is to know which type of vacuum cleaner that should not be used on a wooden floor. A vacuum cleaner with brushes at the vacuum head is a Big NO! They clean by scrubbing on normal carpet and if the same is done on the wooden floor expect to call the floor installer to redo the waxing. Yes it’s that bad.
Rule 2 – Presence of rubber and padding on vacuum cleaner to prevent scratches on the floor.
Make sure to check if the vacuum cleaner has rubber underneath. These come in handy to protect the floor from scratches while moving across the room when vacuuming.
This is an important feature since it will enable you to clean the floor with lots of ease because wiping the floor after washing with water is a must with wooden floors. Make sure you don’t leave any trace of water on wooden floors as this will damage it.
When you come across stubborn dirt particles that are stuck between wooden pieces, a powerful suction removes them easily. It leaves the floor looking fresh and crispy clean.
Vacuuming on a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 47.159096
Retrieved Text: Wood Floor Underfloor Heating Good Quality » A mistake that is often made is to believe that by covering your wooden floor with a good quality laminate or carpet will simply do just fine and save you money. Many have found this never to be the situation and come up against certain issues that in the long run have became rather costly to correct and time-consuming. Listed below are the 6 advantages to restoring your worn floor with a specialist floor sander utilized by a specialist in the industry.
Advantage the first is that solid wood floors are amazingly durable. Putting in laminate floors can reduce the value of your house drastically and can often be equally as expensive as or even more costly than utilizing a sander. Laminate Wood Floor Underfloor Heating floor is less durable than wood flooring therefore easily disfigured by moisture harm, scrapes are much harder to eliminate and refinishing often will not improve or reestablish the laminate. Wood Floor Underfloor Heating to lay Laminate floors outrageous of hardwood surfaces will improve the height of the floor itself, so carry this in mind regarding door fixtures and fittings. It could conclude that doors need to be removed, trimmed and or repositioned. You might be Wood Floor Underfloor Heating presenting yourself more work to do and that comes at a price. Opting to restore your real wood floor by using a professional floor sander can avoid creating extra work.
Heated Laminate Flooring Wood Flooring For Underfloor Heating from Wood Floor Underfloor Heating, Take it together

########
Rank: 10
Score: 47.096813
Retrieved Text: 100% safe on any surface. Avoid costly floor repairs with our premium roller blade style, replacement chair wheels. Our Desk Rubber Casters For Office Chair have an extra-thick polyurethane layer and are guaranteed not to scratch or leave any marks. Perfect for wood, laminate, ceramic, terracotta or carpeted floors.
No more squeaking and rattling. Replace your standard plastic castors set and stop worrying about disturbing anyone. These rollerblade style casters with premium double ball bearings make chair rolling silky smooth and quiet on any hard surface.
Whatever your requirement we look forward to your contact, we will suggest a Desk Rubber Casters For Office Chair that’s right for your application. We can provide good quality products in time for all customers. Also our products are in competitive price.
1. All the rubber casters are made in good PU, meet BIFMA & SGA standard.
2. It is suit for all kinds floor, special for wooden floor, no scratching.
3. We strictly purchase the high quality material.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.30003
Retrieved Text: HOME » Pet and wooden floor- is it really possible?
Pet and wooden floor- is it really possible?
Choosing the right floor finishing depends on lot of factors, one of them are pets. There are a lot of questions in differend forums about what happens, when dogs walks on wooden floor? Will the nailmarks be very striking? How easy or hard it will be to maintain the floor? This is what this article is about!
If You have laquered floor, You must know that laquer is much more easier to damage. In time there will develop micro-cracks in the surface, which will increase in time. Damaged laquer will start peeling and dust will gather beneath it's surface. To fix laquered floor, it's needed to sand the whole floor and refinish it.
On oiled floor, it's harder to damage it mechanically. Of course, the durability of the wooden floor depends on what kind of wood is it made of. Softer types of wood, for example pine or spruce, will be easier to damage. The strongest type of wood is jatoba, after that comes, wenge and merbau.
Like said before, it is harder to maintain laquer-finished floor because of the micro-cracks. With oil, there is no such problem. For everyday cleaning, usual vacuum cleaner and special Soap for washing the floor are enough. No need to fear that when Your pet comes inside with dirty paws, You cant get Your floors clean. Oiled floor doesnt let dirt to absorb.
When Your pet is still a puppy, sometimes happens that it doesnt make it outside

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.6824
Retrieved Text: , choices the best collections using best quality exclusively for you, and now this images is considered one of photographs collections within our best graphics gallery regarding Luxury Wooden Chair Plans. I’m hoping you’ll like it.
put up by means of William Ham in 2018-05-10 23:55:05. To discover many photographs with Luxury Wooden Chair Plans pictures gallery make sure you adhere to that website link.
Wooden Chair Plans Inspirational Walmart Floor Plan Unique Walmart Floor Plan Inspirational Wicker is a part of 34 Beautiful Wooden Chair Plans pictures gallery. To download this (Wooden Chair Plans Inspirational Walmart Floor Plan Unique Walmart Floor Plan Inspirational Wicker) in High Resolution, right click on the image and choose "Save Image As" and then you will get this image about Wooden Chair Plans Inspirational Walmart Floor Plan Unique Walmart Floor Plan Inspirational Wicker.
This digital photography of Wooden Chair Plans Inspirational Walmart Floor Plan Unique Walmart Floor Plan Inspirational Wicker has picture size 2000x2000 pixels. You can see another items of this gallery of 34 Beautiful Wooden Chair Plans below. Get interesting article about 34 Beautiful Wooden Chair Plans that may help you. Admin, Regards.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.584976
Retrieved Text: They are exactly what I needed....but they are about 1/8" too small. I will now have to glue them into the legs with silicone caulk or the like. Makes more work I don't need to be doin'.
The measurement is slightly off, doesn't fit my chairs.
There is no manufacturer's name on them. They came in a plastic bag without a label.
This end caps are sourced from Superior Components.
SKU 32402 According to your specifications this product should fit the square legs of my two seventeen year old barstools. The current tips are beginning to break. However, my current chair leg tips are flat, not rockers. Do you have the same product with flat bottoms? Or, will these leg tips work on a tile floor without being unstable? Thanks for your help.
If the floor is level and you use the same end caps for each leg then your stools will be stable enough with this end cap.
I need the dim to be 1 inch square to fit into the chairs that I have is that what the size is that fits into the leg?
This end cap fits inside a 1 1/4 in square leg.
can this product be used on laminate flooring with scratching and will they glide easily?
Yes, this can be used on laminate flooring, and will glide easily. Please note, that scratches will not result from this End Cap, and is subsequent to dirty floors. Find grains of dirt particles that get trapped under the End Cap is what scratches the floor surface when sliding.
I see that it

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.390366
Retrieved Text: St John’s is the place to Meet!
The Church complex consists of a collection of modern rooms at ground and lower ground levels, which are available for hire on a regular or one off basis.
All the facilities are serviced by our own car park, adjacent to the main entrance.
The premises provide disabled access to the Church and ground floor rooms. A disabled toilet is provided at this level. A chair lift has also been installed to provide disabled access to the lower ground level.
The refurbished kitchen is situated in a central location and can be part of the letting arrangements.
The main ground level rooms are carpeted and comfortably furnished. A sound system and audio loop facility is fitted in the Church.
The whole complex is situated in Victoria Road off Chorley New Road and is located close to Junction 6 of the M61 motorway.
There is a no smoking policy throughout the whole complex, and alcohol is not allowed on the premises.
Welcome Area – This entrance area is included with any Church or meeting room lettings and provides ample space as a guest reception area. It also has the facility to provide an extension to the main Church by opening the rear doors.
The Church – This area is suitable for varied activities and larger formal meetings with seating for 180 people.The layout of the room is very flexible and the Pulpit and Communion Rail can be removed if desired, also the upholstered seats can be moved individually to suit the required layout. The floor is fully carpeted and there

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.219517
Retrieved Text: Using decorative tiles on the kitchen floor will make the. 8 flooring trends to try hgtv. Floor and decor atlanta jobs billingsblessingbagsorg. Tile floor and decor tile design ideas. 18 contemporary bathroom flooring ideas allstateloghomescom. Beautiful wood flooring. Laminate wooden flooring diy home conceptor.
18 best home finlandia sosnovo images on pinterest. Bathroom floor cabinet small bathroom cabinets ideas. Moroccan floor cushion el ramla hamra. Office furniture beautiful office desk chair mat rectangle. No sew diy floor pillows. Husky liners weatherbeater custom auto floor liner front. Salerno porcelain tile timber stone collection hd. Gold geometric floor standing mirror primrose plum. Sql floor date review home decor. Domestic flooring the rubber floor store. Bikehand bike floor parking rack storage stand bicycle ebay.
Lloyd mats f29363ba focus st trunk mat carpeted black with. Lane#039;s dry foam carpet upholstery cleaner, upholstery cleaners. Lund floor mats new tan for toyota tundra 2004 2006 383228. Push db floor press youtube. Weathertech floor mats floorliner toyota tundra 2000. Letgo 2008 toyota tundra crewmax origna in alhambra, ca. 2007 2013 toyota tundra husky liners 65591 black rear.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.80876
Retrieved Text: Entrance Hallway: 5.1 x 4.7: Feature Mahogany open tread staircase. Cloakroom & store. Timber ceiling. Carpeted.
Living Room: 4.9 x 3.6: Front facing living room. Brick fireplace with wood burning stove. Timber flooring.
Kitchen: Spacious kitchen over looking surrounding countryside. Hand made kitchen units with granite worktops. Stainless steel sink unit. Oven/hob with stainless steel extractor fan over & partial stainless steel worktop. Dining area. Tiled floor. Double doors to rear patio.
Dining Room: 3.7 x 3.4: Leading to conservatory. Wooden floor.
Conservatory: 5.5 x 4.6: Adjoining conservatory from dining room over looking gardens. Double doors to the gardens.
Utility Room: 4.0 x 1.3: Stainless steel sink unit. Plumbed for washing machine. Adjoining garage/workshop. Fully tiled walls and floor. Door to rear.
Bathroom: 2.6 x 2.6: WC, WHB in vanity unit, corner bath. Mirrored wall. Cupboard. Tiled walls. Wooden floors.
Shower Room: 2.1 x 1.7: Shower room with WC & WHB. Fully tiled walls & floor.
Bedroom 1: 3.3 x 2.7: Rear facing bedroom. Built in wardrobes. Carpeted.
Bedroom 2: 3.5 x 3.5: Front facing bedroom. Timber flooring, ceiling and walls.
Landing: Gallery landing over hallway. Sitting area. Carpeted.
Bedroom 3/Study: 3.4 x 2.8: Rear facing bedroom. Carpeted.
Bedroom 4: 3.5 x 3.4: Front facing bedroom. Timber floor.
Bedroom 5: 4.0 x 4.0: Rear facing bedroom. Vanity unit. Timber floor.
Bedroom 6: 5.0 x 4.0: Front facing bedroom. WHB in vanity unit. Carpeted.
Lounge/Bedroom 7: 8.8 x 4.0: First floor lounge or potential Master bedroom. Open feature fireplace. Front facing with rear sliding patio doors to veranda. Walk in hotpress.
Bathroom: 2.7 x 2.1: WC, WHB with mirror over. Double shower. Bidet.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.408726
Retrieved Text: Free Fish Shaped Adirondack Chair Plans : It will take you just one weekend to build this ultimate workbench plan. It has a large top, uses common lumber dimensions, and is built to last a lifetime.The most common type of door in any woodworking project is the frame-and-panel, which consists of a solid wood or plywood panel captured by a wood frame. A display case door usually has a glass panel instead of wood, but the frame is constructed just like a regular frame-and-panel door.Gather the materials for the garage workbench using the complete Materials List that you’ll find in ‘Additional Information’ below. Then cut the 3/4-in. plywood parts to size following the Cutting List and Cutting Diagrams that you’ll find below and also in ‘Additional Information.’ Cut a 15-in. x 8-ft. strip out of the 1/4-in. plywood to use as drawer bottoms. The leftover is the perfect width for the back (E); it just needs to be ripped down to length. Don’t cut the drawer fronts until after the workbench carcass is assembled.Sometimes the simplest cabinet plans are the best. That’s definitely true when you’re getting started in woodworking. Begin your exploration of cabinet making techniques with this plan for a hanging spice cabinet. The straightforward techniques in this plan will show you how to build a cabinet the right way.What’s important here is to take note of the stock’s grain orientation. Look at the end grain, here you should find the annual rings running into the planing edge at 90 degrees, this is the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.09615
Retrieved Text: There are much reasons why people use wood for their home flooring. First, wood floor will make your home keep warm in winter. Next reason is because wooden floor is beautiful and awesome with its natural wood design. There are two types of wooden floor that you can choose, first is hardwood floor and second is laminate wood flooring. Let’s compare those wooden flooring types to choose the suitable one for your room.
Hardwood floor vs laminate, we need to know each characteristic of them. Hardwood floor is natural wood with strong quality of wood, it is designed without any continued process. Laminate wooden floor is designing wooden floor with laminating process. If you look closer to both of those wood flooring type, laminate wooden floor looks brighter and softer than hardwood floor, it is because of its laminated process.
Both of hardwood floor and laminate flooring are good, the use of one of them is based on your wish to create interior room style on its floor. Rustic or natural room will be awesome with hardwood floor, while modern and simple room interior design will be great with laminated wooden flooring. Both are wooden floor and both are incredible.
Wooden floor is one of best way to make perfect floor architecture. Wooden floor can be applied on all room floor in your home, but you need to pay more attention if you want to install it on your bathroom floor because bathroom is the most room that get wet.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.8337
Retrieved Text: Floating wooden floors now become popular as alternative floor tile. Installing this wood floor type make a room is looked modern, stylish, clean shady and close to nature. There are many advantages of installing this wood floor type. At least there are six benefits if we install this wood floor on room. These benefits are beautiful, affordable price, easy installation, durable, eco friendly and less maintenance. Undoubtedly that this wood floor type is beautiful. On the store, we can find many color and model for this wood floor. Besides beautiful, this wood floor is tough. Walking on this wood floor is felt soft, because it seems like there’s cushion on this wood floor.
These floating wooden floors can be bought in affordable price. It’s cheaper than hardwood floor. Smart way to get new look on a room in less budget. If we want to own wood floor and save money together, this wood floor is good choice.
Installing these floating wooden floors are easy and can be done in short time than other wood floor type. It can be installed without adhesive and nail suing. Just click and clock. That’s it, it will be connected strongly. From factory this wood floor is designed in certain design to make easier when installing.
Believe or not that this wood floor is very durable. It can be used for 40 years! It’s very incredible. Several type even can be used until 80 years! So, installing this wood floor is good investment. It’s very valuable. So many benefits and advantages if compared with

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.405167
Retrieved Text: Reclaimed Wood Flooring London Get Minimalist Impression » A mistake that is commonly made is to believe by covering your wooden floor with a good quality laminate or carpet only will do the trick and save you money. Many have found this never to be the situation and come up against certain issues that in the long run have became rather costly to correct and time-consuming. Listed below are the 6 benefits to repairing your worn floor with a specialist floor sander used by a specialist in the industry.
Advantage one is that solid wood floors are extremely durable. Putting in laminate floor can reduce the value of your house drastically and can frequently be equally expensive as or more costly than using a sander. Laminate Reclaimed Wood Flooring London floor coverings is less durable than solid wood floors therefore easily disfigured by moisture harm, scrapes are much harder to remove and refinishing often does not improve or restore the laminate. Reclaimed Wood Flooring London to lay down Laminate floors over the top of hardwood surfaces will improve the height of the ground itself, so keep this at heart regarding door fittings and fittings. It could wrap up that doors need to be removed, trimmed and or repositioned. You may be Reclaimed Wood Flooring London giving yourself more work to do which comes at a price. Opting to revive your wooden floor by by using a professional floor sander can avoid creating extra work.
The New &amp; Reclaimed Flooring pany London Greater London UK from Reclaimed Wood Flooring

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.36894
Retrieved Text: Wood floors are a fantastic type of hard flooring to have in your home, alongside other options like laminate, tile and plank vinyl flooring. They look great, are easier to clean than carpet and often add a lot to value of your home. However, It's important to make sure they are safe from common types of damage. This is the best way to keep them looking great for as long as possible.
Rocking chairs in particular can result in some damage to your flooring. While they might be delightful chairs to have and use, they can have a habit of leaving small scratches behind.
As a result, we're taking a look into some tips you can use to keep your wooden floors protected.
One option you have is to try out a new kind of rocking chair. One such example is a glider rocker, which allows you to enjoy the rocking chair without being rough on your floor.
These chairs are also known as stationary rockers. As the name implies it's a chair that remains in place while you rock. To clarify, this type of chair sits on a pedestal base that keeps it from moving on the floor, while allowing the seat portion of the chair to rock.
This option is ideal for wood floors because you won't need to worry about the base of the chair moving and scratching against the flooring. As a result, it's a much better choice overall if you are someone who simply must have a rocking chair.
If you don't want to get rid of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.34308
Retrieved Text: Spacious one/two bedroom flat in Kentish Town, situated on the second floor (top floor) level available from 15th March 2013.
The apartment comprises a of one large carpeted and furnished bedroom, an en suite two piece tiled bathroom, a large bright carpeted reception, which may be converted in to a second bedroom. There is a separate kitchen with wooden floors with all the essentials and a separate toilet.
The flat is situated within a 5 minute walk to Kentish Town and Chalk Farm Underground Stations.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.16552
Retrieved Text: Wood flooring is any of the products which are manufactured from timber that is usually designed for the use as flooring. Nowadays, wood is a common choice as a flooring material it comes in numerous styles, colors, cuts, & species. Bamboo flooring is also considered as the form of wood flooring.
Cost-effective – If after a couple of years, your wood floor has been scratched or a bit damaged due to the cause of heavy wear & tear. A simple sand & seal will bring it back to a new again as this is very cost-effective which we easily fit-in to your budget than refitting a new carpet.
Unpleasant Odors – Wooden floors are more hygienic than any other flooring as the aroma of the polished wooden floors is a delight & it will make your home pleasant & more inviting.
Available to all Budgets – Wooden floors are available & fits-in in all the budgets area as it is the ancient way of flooring which was used from a long period ago.
Under Floor Heating – Woods provides the great medium to install the under floor heating, by far which is considered as the most effective method to heat your house.
Warmth & Feel – wooden floors are more hygienic & they also have the feature of warmth & feel. They are more convenient & have the warmth & feel that others don’t.
Easier to Clean – Wood floors are easier to clean than carpets. The reason for this statement is quite obvious. A simple brush, light vacuum or wipe of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.037647
Retrieved Text: One of the rooms with wallpaper still in place. It has been more than a decade since the wallpaper was hung. It has started to peel-off.
After more than adjusting with the wallpaper in our kitchen and bathrooms we decided to remove them and replace with the painted walls.
Wallpaper has been removed exposing the sheet rock. Allowed to dry for a day.
The work began this morning and will continue tomorrow and probably the day after. We have hired a trusted company to do the work. We have worked with this company before.
I will post the updates of before and after wallpaper in few days.
We went out for special dinner at Olive Garden tonight. We ordered couple of pasta items and enjoyed the meal.
Early this morning two people from Stanley Steemer came to our house for the prearranged steam cleaning of our carpets. We have worked over the weekend the get all carpeted rooms ready for steam cleaning. We had removed all knickknacks and loose items on the floor. We had removed all possible small items like chairs, file cabinets, rugs, and small cabinets. However, we left standing big chests, wardrobes, beds, and desks.
The personnel came and moved the big furniture away from the walls and put them on some kind of plastic blocks. They then started to run the fans in the rooms. Once everything is set-up, they brought their steam cleaning vacuum hoses and started to clean the rooms. They first cleaned the two small rooms and did the big room the last. Once the back

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.611065
Retrieved Text: Superior room with bath or shower, with carpeted floor, make-up mirror, bathrobe, minibar, cable-TV with SKY-programmes, SuitePad, free WIFI and safe. Located on the ground level of the Residence Wing.
Spacious room with sitting area, with carpeted floor. Bathtub and shower, separate toilet,make-up mirror, bathrobe, minibar, cable-TV with SKY-programmes, SuitePad, free WIFI, phone and safe. Balcony or terrace. Located in the Residence wing on the ground floor or on level 1.
Spacious junior suite with visually separated sitting area and canopy bed, wooden floor, walk-in cupboard, large antechamber, bathtub and shower, separate toilet, make-up mirror, bathrobe, minibar, cable-TV with DVD-player, SKY-programmes, free WIFI and safe. Located in the "Residence" wing on the ground floor and on level 1 or 2.
Sleeping-room with double bed and balcony, spacious living-room, wooden floor, large bathroom with bathtub and shower, separate toilet, make-up mirror, bathrobe, refrigerator, cable-TV with DVD-player, SKY-programmes, free WIFI and safe. Located in the "Residence" wing on level 2 next to the pool and spa area.
Recently renovated double room with bath or shower, wooden floor, make-up mirror, bathrobe, minibar, cable-TV with SKY-programmes, free WIFI and safe. Partly with balcony. Wooden floor. Located in the main building on levels 1 and 2.
Recently renovated double room with bath or shower, wooden floor, make-up mirror, bathrobe, minibar, cable-TV with SKY-programmes, free WIFI and safe. Partly with balcony. Located in the main building on levels 1 and 2.
Sleeping-room, separate small living-room, wooden floor, antechamber, shower, make-up mirror, bathrobe, minibar, cable-TV with SKY-programmes, free WIFI and safe. Partly with balcony. Located in the main building

########
Rank: 26
Score: 42.500774
Retrieved Text: An attractive end terrace property located off Henry Street, between Cowan Street and John Mitchell Street, Newry. This property offers spacious and modern living accommodation throughout comprising three bedrooms, spacious lounge with small enclosed front garden with yard to rear. The property is within walking distance of all local amenities including shops, schools and is only a short distance from the A1 Dublin to Belfast Dual carriageway. An early inspection is Highly Recommended.
Entrance Hall 5' 3" x 15' 2" (1.59m x 4.62m) Solid front door. White painted staircase laid with carpet. Tiled entrance.
Living Room 10' 10" x 14' 11" (3.30m x 4.54m) Open fire with "Wood Burning Stove". Laminated wooden floor. Front view aspect.
Kitchen 16' 4" x 10' 7" (4.99m x 3.23m) White fitted kitchen units with black worktop. Integrated hob/oven and extractor fan. Solid wooden floor and partially tiled walls.
Dining Room 10' 8" x 11' 3" (3.25m x 3.44m) Set of the Kitchen area with side view aspect. Bay window. Solid wooden floor. Pine Ceiling.
Utility Room 5' 6" x 10' 2" (1.68m x 3.10m) Plumbed for washing machine and tumble dryer. High and low fitted units.
Bedroom 1 10' 5" x 10' 4" (3.17m x 3.14m) Double bedroom with rear view aspect. Carpeted. Built in Wardrobe.
Bedroom 2 10' 1" x 13' 5" (3.08m x 4.10m) Double bedroom with front view aspect. Carpeted. Built in Wardrobe.
Bedroom 3 10' 2" x 7' 10" (3.10m x 2.40m) Single bedroom with front view aspect. Wooden floor. Built in Wardrobe.
Bathroom 7' 5" x 7' 6" (2.27m x 2.29m) Four piece white

########
Rank: 27
Score: 42.48274
Retrieved Text: Foam Wood Floor Tiles Best Products » A blunder that is often made is to think that by covering your wooden floor with a good quality laminate or carpet only will do just fine and save money. Many have found this not to be the truth and come up against certain issues that in the long run have became rather costly to correct and time-consuming. Here are the 6 advantages to rebuilding your worn floor with a specialist floor sander utilized by a specialist on the market.
Advantage one is that solid wood floors are extremely durable. Installing laminate flooring can reduce the value of your home drastically and can frequently be in the same way expensive as or even more costly than by using a sander. Laminate Foam Wood Floor Tiles floor is less durable than solid wood flooring therefore easily disfigured by moisture destruction, scuff marks are much harder to eliminate and refinishing often will not improve or regain the laminate. Foam Wood Floor Tiles to place Laminate floors outrageous of hardwood flooring will raise the height of the ground itself, so tolerate this in mind regarding door fittings and fittings. It may wrap up that doors need to be removed, trimmed and or repositioned. You may be Foam Wood Floor Tiles offering yourself more work to do and this comes at a price. Opting to restore your solid wood floor by using a professional floor sander can avoid creating extra work.
The Contemporary Foam Wood Flooring Regarding Residence Remodel from Foam Wood Floor Tiles, Bring

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.474083
Retrieved Text: A fantastic one bedroom apartment situated on Lloyd George Avenue in touching distance to Cardiff City centre and Cardiff Bay. Positioned on the fourth floor this light spacious apartment offers secure allocated parking, open-plan living, double bedroom, bathroom and ample storage.
The property benefits further from under floor heating, lift to all floors and a 999 year lease. The property is an ideal purchase for first time buyers, buy to let investors (£650 per calendar month) or as a pied-a-terre.
There are a scarcity of apartments offering such potential and early viewings are encouraged.
Call Keylet Sales Team on 02920 489000 to book a viewing!
Entered via wooden door, phone entry, door to storage cupboard housing water tank, carpeted floor, doors leading to further accommodation.
Double glazed window to rear, carpeted floor, phone, TV aerial and power points. Open plan to kitchen which offers a range of base and eye level units with worktop surface over, stainless steel sink unit with mixer tap, electric cooker with hob under and stainless steel extractor fan over and stainless steel splash back,space for washing machine & fridge freezer lino flooring.
Double bedroom, double glazed window to rear, carpeted floor.
Three piece suite comprising of paneled bath with shower over, pedestal wash hand basin, low level w/c, tiled walls, lino flooring, extractor fan and chrome towel heater.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 42.43858
Retrieved Text: Very few flooring choices are available which can enhance the feel of a home as well as increase its value like wood floors. Wood floors looks natural and neat and can last for a lengthy time. A properly maintained floor may last for decades which will make it very economical.
Wooden floors will also be low maintenance and clean so that they are very great for households with pets and youngsters. There are many different alternatives obtainable in wooden floorings. However, many of these fall in three groups of wooding flooring. Selecting which is the best for you’d require an awareness of those three kinds of wooden floors.
Solid wooden floors last a long because they are produced from solid bits of wood that may be 1″ thick. These boards of wood are fitted together and hang upon a sub floor. Individuals who’ve a concrete floor will have to obtain a wooden sub floor installed floor which may again be rather pricey.
Since solid wooden floors are manufactured from natural wood they have a tendency to contract and expand together with alterations in the weather and temperature. This kind of flooring wouldn’t be appropriate for individuals places which experience sudden alterations in humidity or climate.
Solid wooden floors can be found in various finishes and stains so that they would complement any kind of interior design. The greatest advantage using this type of wooden floor is the fact that even when they get worn, scratched or stained they may be refinished easily. Wood floors could be appropriate to individuals families

================



======= Instance Index 131 =========
Input Text: Science fact: a cavern is formed by carbonic acid in groundwater seeping through rock and dissolving

Which is the correct answer?
- sedimentary rock which is  composed mainly of skeletal fragments of marine organisms such as coral, forams and molluscs,
- metamorphic rocks that are formed under the surface of the earth from the metamorphosis,
- igneous rocks which are formed when magma  cools and hardens or
- artist who play the music genre called rock and roll.

Target Text: sedimentary rock which is  composed mainly of skeletal fragments of marine organisms such as coral, forams and molluscs,

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.380714
Retrieved Text: Karst is a type of land surface that is formed over limestone, dolomite, or gypsum by dissolving or dissolution, and is characterized by closed depressions or sinkholes, caves, and underground drainage system. From the Slavic word Kras- meaning “bleak waterless place”.-source Glossary of Geology, 1974, American Geological Institute.
Karst development in Ohio is fairly widespread throughout the western half of the state. However, detailed karst hydrogeologic (groundwater) studies of the region have been seriously lacking. Recent studies by Tintera (1980), Tintera & Forsyth (1980), Kihn (1988) and Miller (2001) identified various karst features and have greatly increased our knowledge of the geology of the area and the groundwater system, which underlies it.
Landforms, which develop as a result of rock being dissolved (dissolution), such a as limestone, dolomite, marble, gypsum, and salt are collectively known as karst. The distinct features of a karst landscape include sinkholes, caves, large springs, dry valleys and shrinking steams. These systems are characterized by the gravity flow of weak carbon dioxide (CO2) charged groundwater percolating through fractures and openings that enlarge as the bedrock dissolves. Surface water, i.e. rain or snowmelt, drains rapidly into the subsurface system recharging it. Consequently, within the recharge area, there are no significant surface systems developed.
Our original karst area begins south and west of the caverns and extends northward to Sandusky Bay. The undulating or rolling topography of small hills and depressions is the surface expression of the subsurface condition. Although masked by glacial till from Pleistocene Ice Age, the karst landscape remains the predominate landform in this

########
Rank: 1
Score: 54.30148
Retrieved Text: Natural Tunnel State Park offers glimpses into both historic and prehistoric periods. The tunnel itself formed as the result of groundwater containing carbonic acid seeping through and dissolving massive limestone deposits to create a cave that grew to 850 feet in length and 100 feet in height with the assistance of some blasting. Fossils can be seen along the bed of Stock Creek, which traverses the tunnel, as well as on the tunnel walls. Former Secretary of State William Jennings Bryan called Natural Tunnel the Eighth Wonder of the World, and visitors have been flocking here for more than 100 years. Because of its location in the shadow of the Cumberland Gap, through which the country’s earliest settlers crossed on their westward passage, it should come as little surprise that Daniel Boone is thought to have been one of the first Europeans to view this natural wonder. But it was not written about until Col. Stephen Long did so in the March 1832 Monthly American Journal of Geology and Natural Science. Final blasting was done to open both ends of the tunnel to allow for the South Atlantic and Ohio Railroad to lay down tracks and pass through, and coal trains continue to do so.
One of Virginia's best trails, Natural Tunnel State Park is located near Duffield, VA. Trails' printable online topo maps offer shaded and un-shaded reliefs, and aerial photos too. Use topographic maps to find elevation, print high resolution maps, save a PNG, or just learn the topography around Natural Tunnel State Park. You

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.8637
Retrieved Text: The precise erosional forms which the karst takes depends on many variables. The mechanical structure and chemical composition of the rock, the local climate and temperature range, and the amount of vegetation and rainfall a region has all determine how fast a carbonate landscape erodes. Karst along a seaside is quite different than that inland, and tropical karst does not resemble karst in temperate or sub-Arctic zones. Landforms in zones with earthquake activity are quite different than that in quiet zones, or places where mountain-building have turned the layers of carbonate rock on edge. Some karst is formed as a result of sulfuric acid welling up from below instead of carbonic acid percolating down from above. Some places in the American West are a mix of the two processes.
A spring is a natural resurgence of groundwater, usually along a hillside or from a valley floor.
A cave is an airfilled underground void, large enough to be examined in some way by man.
A sinkhole or sink is a collapsed portion of bedrock above a void. Sinks may be a sheer vertical opening into a cave, or a shallow depression of many acres.
A losing stream is one with a bed with allows water to flow directly into the groundwater system. There are many chert bottomed losing streams in the Ozarks.
A natural bridge or tunnel is a void beneath still standing bedrock, usually of short extent, and allowing human passage from one end to the other, at least part of the time. A natural bridge is somewhat shorter than a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.75761
Retrieved Text: freezing and thawing cycles break up rocks by water seeping into cracks, freezing and expanding, cracking the rocks further, and then melting.
roots from trees can grow deep in cracks, become bigger and eventually crack rocks.
acids found in the environment can react with certain rocks.
carbon dioxide mixed with water can create carbonic acid which dissolves limestone, dolomite, and marble.
plant roots produce acid or substances that makes acid when mixed with water.
a mixture of weathered rock, organic matter, water, and air that supports the growth of plant life.
the original rock from which the soil is formed. It has a large influence on the nature of soil it produces.
the topography (surface features) influences soil formation. Soil has little chance of developing on steep slopes.
the weather can control speed of soil formation (if rocks weather quickly, then soil can form quickly) and amount of organic material in the soil (dry areas have less life, so soils have less organic material).
dark colored organic material in soil that comes from the decomposition of plants and animals. Holds water and provides nutrients.
different soils take different amounts of time to form. Soil that takes a long time to be made could be eroded away or disturbed, slowing the process of making it.
Gravel (stone) - about 2 millimeters or bigger. Doesn't retain water.
i. Loam soil - contains about equal concentrations of sand, silt, and clay (usually about 40,40,20% respectively). It is usually gritty and moist.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.12944
Retrieved Text: Carbonic acid (ancient name acid of air or aerial acid) has the formula H2CO3. It is also a name sometimes given to solutions of carbon dioxide in water, which contain small amounts of H2CO3. The salts of carbonic acids are called bicarbonates (or hydrogen carbonates) and carbonates. It is a weak acid. Carbonic acid should never be confused with carbolic acid, an antiquated name for phenol.
The hydration equilibrium constant at 25°C is Kh= 1.70×10−3: hence, the majority of the carbon dioxide is not converted into carbonic acid and stays as CO2 molecules. In the absence of a catalyst, the equilibrium is reached quite slowly. The rate constants are 0.039 s−1 for the forward reaction (CO2 + H2O → H2CO3) and 23 s−1 for the reverse reaction (H2CO3 → CO2 + H2O). Carbonic acid is used in the making of soft drinks, inexpensive and artificially carbonated sparkling wines, and other bubbly drinks.
Carbonic acid is an intermediate step in the transport of CO2 out of the body via respiratory gas exchange. The hydration reaction of CO2 is generally very slow in the absence of a catalyst, but red blood cells contain carbonic anhydrase which both increases the reaction rate and dissociates a hydrogen ion (H+) from the resulting carbonic acid, leaving bicarbonate (HCO3-) dissolved in the blood plasma. This catalysed reaction is reversed in the lungs, where it converts the bicarbonate back into CO2 and allows it to be expelled.
Carbonic acid also plays a very important role as a buffer in mammalian blood. The equilibrium between carbon dioxide

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.476276
Retrieved Text: Geologists study the history of our planet by examining the rock layers that make up the Earth's crust. Sedimentary rocks (those formed from the weathered remains of other rocks) are one type of rock that makes up the Earth's crust. One kind of sedimentary rock is limestone. It constitutes 10% of all sedimentary rocks, and occurs as striking outcrops, which often contain openings to caves. Although caves Woccur in several types of material (limestone, dolostone, granite, sandstone, ice, lava), the majority of caves are found in limestone. Our study of the geology of caves will take you through where caves occur in the United States, the major ways that caves form (through the action of carbonic acid and by sulfuric acid dissolution), and how they are decorated with cave formations (speleothems).

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.344646
Retrieved Text: Millions of years ago, the Yucatan peninsula was below sea level and formed the bed of a shallow ocean. Fish shellfish and coral thrived in this environment, and when they died their bones and shells fell to the sea floor. The calcium from these formed a calcium carbonate (CaCO3) sludge. As the depth of this layer of sludge thickened, the increasing pressure solidified the calcium carbonate into a porous limestone rock.
During subsequent ice ages the sea level fell and the peninsula was exposed, forming dry land covered in heavy vegetation. Rain falling on the land would percolate through the decaying vegetation and the porous limestone, and then flow horizontally to the sea.
The rainwater dissolved carbon dioxide (CO2) from the atmosphere and produced by decaying vegetation, forming carbonic acid (H2CO3). This carbonic acid solution dissolved the limestone, sometimes creating vertical shafts from the surface, and sometimes creating horizontal passages towards the ocean. Most of the horizontal cave development is believed to have happened close to the water level.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.335438
Retrieved Text: Below the ground in Florida lies a layer of porous limestone or dolostone known as the Floridan Aquifer. This aquifer is the primary source of Florida's drinking water. It is one of the largest aquifers in the United States, extending across Florida and through parts of Georgia, Alabama, and South Carolina. Above and below the aquifer are other layers of gravel, sand, clay, dolomite, or limestone.
In some places, the Floridan Aquifer's limestone layers are thousands of feet thick; in others, the layers are thin. Some places these limestones are far below the ground surface, and some places they are the ground surface. Water is able to flow through the limestone's many interconnected holes and empty spaces. The result is a unique and complex terrain that scientists call "karst" topography – land whose shape is influenced by the dissolving of underground limestone layers.
Where the water table (the groundwater/air interface underground) lies within this porous limestone, we have dry caves. Below the water table, we have cave diving. By definition, a cave is "an underground chamber, typically of natural origin, that can be entered by humans", so these chambers become our caves. But how exactly did they get here?
The Florida Peninsula is a limestone plateau formed many millions of years ago when the area was a warm, shallow sea. During the Cenozoic Era (65.5 million years ago [mya] – present), millions of years of deposits from small sea creatures make up the limestone, which is several thousand feet thick. Below that lies the Paleozoic and Mesozoic basement rocks

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.05645
Retrieved Text: Material Availability This science fair project requires that you own or can borrow safety equipment, such as a hardhat and sturdy shoes, to wear in the cave.
Safety In this science fair project you will be visiting caves. Please exercise caution when working in caves because the ground can be slippery. Always stay on prescribed paths. Adult supervision is required. When exploring in caves, always take an adult. Let the authorities in charge of the cave system know about your project and that you will be working in the cave.
Caves have been used for much more than just exploring throughout Earth's history. Caves have been used for shelter, for religious purposes, and for burial sites. They were even used for food storage, before refrigeration, because they are cool and have constant high humidity. But how are caves formed? What causes those fantastic formations in caves? How do cave formations change as you go deeper in the cave? Get ready for an adventure as you visit a local cave and learn more in this science fair project!
To learn more about speleology, and to count the number of speleothems versus distance into a cave.
Science Buddies Staff. "Speleology: Counting Formations in a Local Cave." Science Buddies, 27 Jan. 2018, https://www.sciencebuddies.org/science-fair-projects/project-ideas/Geo_p039/geology/speleology-cave-formations. Accessed 25 Apr. 2019.
What do you think about when you hear the word cave? Do you think about a large, dark, scary place like Batman's Batcave? Caves are actually places of geological wonder and they are a variety of sizes. A cave is defined as an underground void large enough

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.295452
Retrieved Text: Carlsbad Caverns National Park is in southeastern New Mexico. Of the 300+ known caves in the area, 113 of them are included within the National Park. All of these caves were created by sulfuric acid dissolving the surrounding limestone, creating some of the largest caves in North America. Carlsbad Caverns National Park contains 46,427 acres, 33,125 of which are designated as Carlsbad Caverns Wilderness. Human traffic is heaviest in June, July and August, and lowest in January. The only time the park is closed is Christmas Day.
I've been to Carlsbad Caverns National Park a few times, each time entering the main Carlsbad Cavern through the main natural entrance. When I was a teenager, everything underground required the presence of a guide, but a big part of the cavern is self-guided now. The main natural entrance is a bit steep but the switchbacks in the path take most of the difficulty out of it. The path is smooth and easy (once you are actually inside the cave) and takes you pretty quickly into the Big Room: an 8.2 acre opening completely underground. Virtually everyone makes the self-guided tour around the Big Room. There's a cafeteria down there, too, with an elevator that takes you back to the surface (saving you the climb back up through that main natural entrance). You'll want to start out early because last entrance into the cavern is at 3:30 PM.
250 million years ago, the Guadalupe Mountains was a 400-mile long reef built up of the remains of algae, sponges and seashells beneath

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.683758
Retrieved Text: GCSE CHEMISTRY - What is the Test for Carbon Dioxide Gas? - How do I test for Carbon Dioxide Gas? - How is Carbon Dioxide Gas Collected? - GCSE SCIENCE.
What are the General Tests for Carbon Dioxide Gas?
1) Carbon dioxide gas, CO2(g) has no colour or smell.
2) Carbon dioxide gas will put out a lit splint.
and moist universal indicator paper to yellow.
Carbon dioxide dissolves in water to form carbonic acid (H2CO3).
Carbonic acid is a weak acid (see the carbon cycle).
What is the Specific Test for Carbon Dioxide Gas?
Lime water is a solution of calcium hydroxide (slaked lime).
a solid precipitate of calcium carbonate is formed.
and it is this that makes the lime water cloudy.
calcium hydroxide + carbon dioxide calcium carbonate + water.
How is Carbon Dioxide Gas Collected?
collected by downward delivery or using a gas syringe.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.825954
Retrieved Text: In the Mojave National Preserve, carbonate sedimentary rocks of Proterozoic and Paleozoic age (consisting of limestone and dolostone) crop out throughout the Clark Mountains, the Mescal Mountains, in the northern Ivanpah Range, in the central portion of Providence Mountains, and elsewhere. Carbonate rocks originally form from limey sediments consisting of the calcareous skeletal remains of algae and invertebrate shell material or precipitates directly from agitated, warm seawater (as on a shallow continental shelf in a warm climate). Most ancient limestones formed from planktonic algae, but in late Paleozoic time coralline reefs became significant producers of carbonate sediments. Limestone consists dominantly of the mineral Calcite-CaCO3, whereas dolostone consists dominantly of the mineral dolomite-CaMg(CO3)2. Dolomite is typically a secondary mineral replacement of original calcite material. Ancient carbonate rocks like those in the Mojave region tend to be enriched in dolomite. Below are examples of common fossiliferous carbonate rocks of Paleozoic age from the Mojave region.
Oncolites (algal limestone balls) float in a carbonate-mud matrix in the Cambrian-age Chambless Formation. This easy-to-recognize oncolite-bearing limestone formation crops out in many areas throughout the Mojave National Preserve region. These nearly spheroidal oncolites formed by algae and/or cyanobacterial growth in shallow warm marine waters of a carbonate platform environment.
A boulder of a fossiliferous limestone displays stromatoporoids and corals of early Devonian age (Sultan Formation). Boulders like this one are not uncommon in alluvial fans downstream from the Paleozoic age sedimentary rock belt exposed in the Providence Range.
An expansive Joshua-tree forest covers a pediment surface (along Cima Road). In the distance, steeply dipping and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.686882
Retrieved Text: "Climatic changes, like erratic rainfall which results in sudden long, dry spells, leads to less runoff water seeping into the ground and rejuvenating the water table. This results in increase in concentration of minerals like fluoride, that is pumped up by borewells."
It’s peak election season. But, even as political parties go all out to appease voters, the worsening quality of groundwater hardly finds any mention.
Understanding the root of a crisis is essential to finding its pragmatic solution, and in this context, Dr Manish Kumar, faculty at Discipline of Earth Science in IIT Gandhinagar, compared the situation to a glass of water in which spoonfuls of sugar are added. Until the water is saturated, it will keep dissolving the sugar, and then, the granules would start settling without further dissolution.
“We also found several places in Assam where the water is not yet saturated with arsenic and fluoride bearing minerals and thus prone to higher arsenic and fluoride concentration in their aquifers,” he said. In Nagaon district, for example, about 60 per cent of the samples tested were found to have “unsaturated” water.
Climatic factors like erratic rainfall, recharge and runoff also play a role in governing the weathering of minerals – otherwise found naturally – in groundwater, Dr Kumar said. The draft report of the Assam State Action Plan on Climate Change (2015-2020) states that Assam has been facing “continued warming of atmosphere” and “erratic rainfall” as a result of which there have been erratic flood and drought conditions since 2003.
Dr Robin Kumar Dutta, professor in the Chemical

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.532764
Retrieved Text: Iron is one of the most abundant elements in rocks and soils, and one of the most common problems in groundwater supplies. Rainwater seeping through soils and bedrock dissolves iron and carries it to wells and springs. In deep groundwater systems that lack oxygen, iron occurs as dissolved ferrous ion and the water is clear. Under oxidizing conditions such as in shallow groundwater systems or where the water is exposed to air at a tap or faucet, however, iron converts to a ferric form when it combines with oxygen to form reddish-brown rust particles. In addition to natural sources, elevated iron concentrations in water are also associated with acid drainage from coal mining.
Fisher, R. Stephen and Davidson, Bart, "Groundwater Quality in Kentucky: Iron" (2007). Kentucky Geological Survey Information Circular. 11.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.44627
Retrieved Text: Karst topography is a three-dimensional landscape shaped by the dissolution of a soluble layer or layers of bedrock, usually carbonate rock such as limestone or dolomite. These landscapes display distinctive surface features and underground drainages, and in some cases there may be little or no surface drainage. Some areas of karst topography, such as southern Missouri and northern Arkansas in the United States, are underlain by thousands of caves.
The karst hills of the Burren on the west coast of Ireland.
Different terms for karst topography exist in other languages—for example, yanrong in Chinese and tsingy in Malagasy—a notable exception being English (Jennings, Ch.1 p.1). The international community has settled on karst, the German name for Kras, a region in Slovenia partially extending into Italy where it is called Carso and where the first scientific research of a karst topography was made. The name has Paleoeuropean origin (karra, meaning stone) and in antiquity it was called carusardius in Latin. The Slovenian form grast is attested since 1177, and the Croatian kras since 1230.
Karst topography is characterized by subterranean limestone caverns, carved by groundwater. The Serbian geographer Jovan Cvijić's publication Das Karstphänomen (1893), based on his studies in the Dinaric Kras region, established that rock dissolution was the key process and that it created most types of dolines, "the diagnostic karst landforms." The Dinaric Kras thus became the type area for dissolutional landforms and aquifers; the regional name kras, Germanicized as "karst," is now applied to modern and paleo-dissolutional phenomena worldwide. Cvijić related the complex behavior of karst aquifers

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.340763
Retrieved Text: The EPA sais Carbon Dioxide is Bad for the Environment. And our Representatives want to tax us on this "Carbon Foot print" in other words Taxing you to breath.
atoms covalently bonded to a single carbon atom. It is a gas at standard temperature and pressure and exists in Earth's atmosphere in this state. CO2 is a trace gas being only 0.038% of the atmosphere.
CO2 is an acidic oxide: an aqueous solution turns litmus from blue to pink. It is the anhydride of carbonic acid, an acid which is unstable and is known to exist only in aqueous solution. In organisms carbonic acid is produced by the enzyme, carbonic anhydrase.
For more details on this topic, see Carbon dioxide (data page).
Carbon dioxide is colorless. At low concentrations, the gas is odorless. At higher concentrations it has a sharp, acidic odor. It will act as an asphyxiant and an irritant. When inhaled at concentrations much higher than usual atmospheric levels, it can produce a sour taste in the mouth and a stinging sensation in the nose and throat. These effects result from the gas dissolving in the mucous membranes and saliva, forming a weak solution of carbonic acid. This sensation can also occur during an attempt to stifle a burp after drinking a carbonated beverage. Amounts above 5,000 ppm are considered very unhealthy, and those above about 50,000 ppm (equal to 5% by volume) are considered dangerous to animal life.
At standard temperature and pressure, the density of carbon dioxide is around 1.98 kg/m3, about 1.5 times that of air.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.134087
Retrieved Text: Sodium carbonate is formed from the mixture of salt and carbonic acid. It is sometimes known as soda ash or washing soda. It has many uses, the number one being an ingredient in the manufacture of glass. The compound is also a great water softener, and is commonly used as a mold combatant.... Lead (II) Iodide, is an insoluble salt, will be prepared from Sodium Iodide. Lead (II) Nitrate is added to the solution (all nitrates soluble in water). A precipitate of Lead (II) Iodide forms as Sodium displaces Lead.
Carbonic acid and carbonate salts. Carbonic acid (H 2 CO 3) is formed in small amounts when its anhydride, carbon dioxide (CO 2), dissolves in water. CO 2 + H 2 O ⇌ H 2 CO 3 The predominant species are simply loosely hydrated CO 2 molecules.... Lead (II) Iodide, is an insoluble salt, will be prepared from Sodium Iodide. Lead (II) Nitrate is added to the solution (all nitrates soluble in water). A precipitate of Lead (II) Iodide forms as Sodium displaces Lead.
Sodium Carbonate has countless of uses from ramen noodles to soft, chewy pretzels and even laundry soap (yup). Also known as "washing soda" and it's a highly corrosive and volatile agent but safe to use in cooking (in small quantities).... Sodium bicarbonate, better known as baking soda is an interesting salt in that it forms carbonic acid and an hydroxide ion in water making the solution slightly alkaline.
Using Chemical Reactions To Make Salt Neutralisation. The reaction between an acid and a base is called

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.883766
Retrieved Text: KNOXVILLE -- As carbon dioxide continues to burgeon in the atmosphere causing the Earth's climate to warm, scientists are trying to find ways to remove the excess gas from the atmosphere and store it where it can cause no trouble.
Sigurdur Gislason of the University of Iceland has been studying the possibility of sequestration of carbon dioxide (CO2) in basalt and presented his findings today to several thousand geochemists from around the world at the Goldschmidt Conference hosted by the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, and Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
Carbon sequestration is currently the most promising way to reduce greenhouse gases. Gislason leads an international team of scientists on the Carbfix Project, which aims at pumping carbon deep underground in southwest Iceland where it will mix with minerals and become rock. The project's goal is to find a storage solution that is long lasting, thermodynamically stable and environmentally benign.
An Icelandic geothermal plant is now hosting the pilot program. Gislason's project involves capturing and separating flue gases at the Hellisheidi Geothermal Power Plant, transporting the gas, dissolving it in water, and injecting it at high pressures to a depth between 400 and 800 meters into a thick layer of basalt. Then he and his coworkers will verify and monitor the storage.
Carbon dioxide mixed with water forms carbonic acid (also known as carbonated water or soda water), which percolates through the rocks, dissolving some minerals and forming solid carbonates with them, thereby storing the carbon dioxide in rock form, said Gislason.
If successful, Gislason said, the experiment will be scaled up

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.750027
Retrieved Text: Thus, as may be expected, chemistry is very relevant to the study of electricity.
and most of the rest is argon Ar, whose atoms don't combine.
Among the many chemical compounds. water has a unique role. On Earth, of course, it can be liquid, solid (ice) or gas (steam), and the existence of liquid water seems essential to life.
Although at first this seemed like a strange idea, today it is quite well understood. Many chemical molecules are formed when atoms share electrons, but molecules such as those of NaCl are different. There, the sodium atom (Na) gives up an electron to the chlorine (Cl), creating ions Na+ and Cl-, which in solid salt are held together by their electric attraction ("ionic bond"). Water, however, greatly weakens electric forces (on the atomic scale), allowing some ions to drift free whenever salt is dissolved in water, and allowing the water to conduct electricity.
The smallest atomic positive ion is the proton, the nucleus of hydrogen. Substances which when dissolved in water produce ions of hydrogen are known as acids and any such solution (e.g. HCl, H2SO4 ) has a sour taste. Of course, the fraction of acid molecules which actually breaks up into ions in a water solution can vary--it is large in "strong" acids and small in "weak" acids. Even in pure water a tiny fraction of the molecules is split up into ions H+ and (OH)– ("hydroxyl") at any time. The degree of "sourness" depends on the concentration of the acid in the water and on its strength; carbonated

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.40962
Retrieved Text: 73,099. February 2013 creating a sinkhole ... Sinkholes don’t just happen in Florida – they’re occurring all over the world. (Florida & Hole) ibid.
73,100. It is reckoned there are several thousand of these sink-hole-lakes across the State of Florida. (Florida & Hole) ibid.
73,101. That acid [rain] is slowly dissolving the whole state. (Florida & Hole & Rain) ibid.
84,780. Sinkholes are a geologic formation caused by the erosion of bedrock. ibid.
66,913. Tiankeng: there are more here than anywhere else on Earth. (China & Cave & Under Ground & Hole) ibid.
112,995. Florida is the sinkhole capital of the world. ibid.
112,996. When a gypsum cavern collapses it can be sudden and catastrophic. ibid.
113,262. The bayou [Corne] is not supposed to bubble; this was a sign that something was very wrong … In this case mining for salt … This is now the deepest lake in Louisiana. ibid.
113,263. Russia: it grew so large it can be seen from space. ibid.
113,580. The hole will keep swallowing land until it is full. So to stop it getting wider the hole needs to stabalise. And tons and tons of rock is a good way to do it. ibid.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.33519
Retrieved Text: Rocks are composed of minerals, which are natural inorganic (nonliving) substances with specific chemical compositions and structures. A rock may consist of many crystals of one mineral or combinations of many minerals. Hundreds of different kinds of minerals make up hundreds of different kinds of rocks. Geologists, scientists who study Earth and rocks, divide rocks into three main groups: igneous rocks, sedimentary rocks, and metamorphic rocks. These distinctions are made on the basis of the types of minerals in the rock, the shapes of individual mineral grains, and the overall texture of the rock. All of these properties indicate the environment, pressure, and temperature in which the rock formed.
The first rocks on Earth were igneous rocks. Igneous rocks are formed by the cooling and hardening of molten material called magma. The word igneous comes from the Latin word ignis, meaning "fire." There are two types of igneous rocks: intrusive and extrusive. Intrusive igneous rocks form within Earth's crust: the molten material rises, filling any available crevices in the crust, and eventually hardens. These rocks are not visible until Earth above them has eroded away. A good example of intrusive igneous rock is granite. Extrusive igneous rocks form when the magma pours out onto Earth's surface or erupts at Earth's surface from a volcano. Once on the surface (where it is called lava), it begins to cool and the minerals in the rock crystallize or grow together so that the individual crystals lock together. Extrusive rocks are also called volcanic rocks. Basalt, formed from hardened lava, is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.57102
Retrieved Text: The third largest Hawaiian Island, Oahu, may be dissolving into the Pacific Ocean. No, this isn’t the plot-line of the next apocalyptic film; in fact, a new study by Geologists is showing that the mountains Koolau and Waianae are gradually being reduced to nothingness. This will cause Oahu to become a completely flat body of land. The island is home to the capitol city, Honolulu.
The study has been published in the Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta. It looks at the groundwater and streamwater in affected locations to get a better idea of which type of water is going to remove more mineral materials from samples.
Since the islands that make up Hawaii are made of many different types of rock, these laboratory studies allow geologists to determine various weathering rates and how they are affected by climate change- making Hawaii one of the best “natural laboratories” in the world.
Steve Nelson, A Geologist from BYU has stated that geologists are tryping to determine whether or not the dissolving of the Hawaiian Island has anything to do with climate change, as erosion is not the only cause of the gradual disappearance.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.54606
Retrieved Text: This booklet deals an perception into the worldwide prevalence, geomorphology, evolution, weathering and erosion of coastal cliffs and bluffs. Stabilization and protection of cliffs are taken care of intimately. Mitigation of cliff risks and maintenance of scenic positive factors and websites of clinical value calls for potent coastal cliff administration which can simply be in line with thorough wisdom of the actual procedures at paintings.
We are living in a 'risk society' the place the id, distribution and administration of hazards, from new expertise, environmental elements or different resources are the most important to our person and social life. within the Social Contours of danger, Volumes I and II, of the world's best and such a lot influential analysts of the social dimensions of threat assemble their most crucial contributions to this primary and wide-ranging box.
Completely giftable replica! backbone is intact. Pages are fresh without markings or folds. Pages, disguise, and mud jacket (if appropriate) are intact. speedy transport from Amazon! Qualifies for high delivery and unfastened normal transport for orders over $35.
Advent to method Geomorphology presents an integrative method of the method dynamics and the foundation of landforms via the modern methods excited about their evolution. the writer highlights the actual and chemical legislation governing the task of the earth-surface tactics in particular environmental tension stipulations, places ahead competing hypotheses at the evolution of landforms, and discusses the bases of inner geologic procedures for the reason of the tectogenic positive factors of the earth.
The upper layers of the Gault clay then become a soft wet slurry

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.14939
Retrieved Text: Weathering creates underground caves and passages in limestone in addition to depressions and other unusual dips and grooves on the surface. Karst is landscape formed from the weathering of limestone.
Limestone is a sedimentary rock created from the remains of dead sea creatures and is predominately made up of calcium carbonate. Many horizontal and vertical cracks run through limestone. These cracks allow water to pass easily through the rock. Water acts as an acid when it contacts calcium carbonate, dissolving the limestone. The dissolved calcium carbonate may drip into underground caves hollowed out from the action of weathering. Sometimes, the calcium carbonate evaporates as it drips from the cave ceiling creating stalactites. If the calcium carbonate drips and evaporates on the ground it creates stumps called stalagmites. Occasionally other unusual features develop from the dripping and evaporation of calcium carbonate such as curtains or columns.
Complex underground passageways develop as limestone weathers. Water flow through these passageways creates immense underground networks of rivers and streams. These water flows are accessed by humans and used as aquifers for water storage and extraction. Many places depend upon limestone aquifers for their water supply. Care must be taken with using limestone aquifers since pollutants as well as rain can easily pass through the limestone.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.70606
Retrieved Text: On yer bike, limestone cycle!
References to limestone in school curricula date back to at least 1925, when one researcher in the US despaired that half of their students could not name the mineral in the rock. It seems students found limestone boring back then, too.
Limestone probably boarded the science curriculum gravy train by helping to debunk the phlogiston myth. Joseph Black performed the same thermal decomposition that we inflict on our own students, helping to establish that gases have mass.
The misconception that gases are massless persists even now, so maybe what I’m really railing against is the dumbing down of textbooks, which are increasingly free of such historical facts and could usefully place more focus on misconceptions.
Exactly what chemical concepts does limestone so uniquely demonstrate? It undergoes thermal decomposition, but so do cracked alkanes, which students also have to learn about. Other than that, there is just limestone’s cyclical reactions.
Why not focus on calcium carbonate in more engaging environments? Studies have predicted that coral reefs will disappear within a century. Our students may not have visited the Great Barrier Reef, but they have all seen Finding Nemo. Carbonic acid formed from dissolved carbon dioxide reacts with the coral, distressingly producing yet more carbon dioxide. But interrelated equilibria will ultimately enable nascent crustaceans to form new seashells from the dissolved ruins of their ancestors.
Now there’s an engaging cycle.
But when it comes down to it, the limestone cycle doesn’t demonstrate anything that some other process could not do so more engagingly. It's time to give this stultifying sedimentary

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.57138
Retrieved Text: It’s old, complex, and filled with more boxwork than is found in all other caves on Earth put together. Any one of these qualities would make Wind Cave unique. Together they make it a world-class cave. And each component is essential to understanding how the cave formed.
A warm shallow sea covered the area about 350 million years ago. Fragments of seashells, made of calcium carbonate, built up over time on the seafloor and eventually became limestone. Bodies of gypsum, made of calcium sulfate, also formed during this time when arid conditions caused seawater to evaporate and the minerals to crystallize. The gypsum formed irregular shaped masses within the limestone. The resulting rock is known as the Madison Limestone formation, or locally as the Pahasapa (Black Hills) Limestone.
The gypsum masses were unstable. They grew and shrank as they absorbed and expelled water. This pressure fractured the gypsum and surrounding limestone. Like thick toothpaste, some gypsum squeezed into these cracks and crystallized in place. Later, water rich in carbonate ions converted all of the gypsum to calcite, or calcium carbonate. This set the stage for the cave and boxwork to form.
The oceans receded allowing fresh water into the region. This naturally acidic freshwater reacted with the bodies of gypsum. They were converted to calcite, creating sulfuric or sulfurous acid as a byproduct. These acids dissolved the surrounding limestone to form the first cave passageways approximately 320 million years ago.
After the first period of cave formation, seas again advanced over this area. About 300 million years ago, layers of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.48386
Retrieved Text: TWENTY million Chinese people are in danger of arsenic poisoning from drinking water, according to a new risk-mapping technique.
Arsenic occurs naturally in the world’s rock, dissolving in underground water that can pollute wells. If consumed over decades, it can cause cancers, as well as other kidney and liver diseases. The hazard is recognised, but few countries undertake the laborious task of testing each well.
Luis Rodriguez-Lado of the Swiss Federal Institute of Aquatic Science and Technology in Dübendorf, and Chinese colleagues, developed a system using geological warning signs that revealed the two most susceptible landscape – alkaline inland drainage basins and delta regions with new river sediments. Globally, the latter includes Bangladesh, the scene of what the World Health Organization called “the largest poisoning of a population in history”.
The team tested their model in China, and identified two previously unsuspected areas likely to be at risk&colon; parts of the north China basin and Sichuan province (Science, doi.org/nkx).
The system should help ensure any plans to tap dangerous groundwater are scrapped.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.44659
Retrieved Text: Caves begin to form when rainwater seeps into soil where it absorbs a small amount of carbon dioxide. Water mixed with carbon dioxide forms a weak carbonic acid solution that is able to dissolve rock (particularly dolomite or limestone). Water flow creates and enlarges underground passages, until finally the water surfaces at a spring. As the flow of water continues to erode deeper into the surface, the openings left behind become caves.
The limestone and dolomite bedrock of the Ozarks´ mountains, where Marvel Cave is located, contains the mineral calcite. Rainwater dissolves carbon dioxide found in the soil and air to form a weak acid solution called carbonic acid. As with the cave atmosphere, carbon dioxide is released from the solution, which causes small deposits of crystallized calcite. This crystallized calcite forms stalactites. Growth rates of stalactites can vary greatly but the average is one inch per 25 to 100 years. As this process is driven by rainwater, increased rainwater will increase the rate at which stalactites form.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.354362
Retrieved Text: New federal research has strongly backed suspicions that toxic chemicals from Alberta's vast oil sands tailings ponds are leaching into groundwater and seeping into the Athabasca River.
Leakage from oil sands tailings ponds, which now cover 176 square kilometres, has long been an issue. Industry has acknowledged that seepage can occur, and previous studies using models have estimated it at 6.5-million litres a day from a single pond.
The soil around the developments contains many chemicals from naturally occurring bitumen deposits, and scientists have never able to separate them from contaminants released by industry.
"Differentiation of natural from [tailings water] sources was apparent," says the study.
The analysis was focused on so-called acid-extractable organics, which include a family of chemicals called naphthenic acids. "Their enhanced water solubility makes them prime candidates for possible migration beyond containment structures via groundwater," the report says.
"Analyses all demonstrate a close similarity between these two [near] samples and [tailings water], as opposed to the natural far-field groundwater," the report says.
"The resemblance between the [acid-extracted organics] profiles from [tailings water] and from six groundwater samples adjacent to two tailings ponds implies a common source. These samples included two of upward-flowing groundwater collected [less than] one metre beneath the Athabasca River, suggesting [tailings water] is reaching the river system."
The study doesn't quantify the amount of tailings ponds water that is escaping.
It noted that even at the sample sites near development, pond water was diluted by natural groundwater.
The research was conducted under the auspices of the Joint Oilsands Monitoring Program run by the federal and Alberta governments and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.172829
Retrieved Text: You’ll need a 2-liter bottle of diet soda (diet doesn’t make a sticky mess) and an outdoor location for your geyser. Select a flat surface on the lawn or driveway to place the bottle.
Start by tying one end of the string to the trigger pin (the string might already be attached to the pin) on the Geyser Tube.
Open the bottle of soda and attach the Geyser Tube. Put the trigger pin into the hole at the base of the Geyser Tube.
Twist off the top cap on the Geyser Tube and drop 7 MENTOS® candies into the tube. The trigger pin will keep the candy from falling into the soda before you’re ready. Replace the twist-on cap.
Warn everyone to stand back. Countdown… 3-2-1… and pull the trigger. The MENTOS will drop and the soda will go flying into the air!
Pour out the remaining soda and take a look at the MENTOS®. You can see where the soda has eaten away at the surface of the candy. No need to waste the candy… they still taste great.
As you probably know, soda pop is basically sugar (or diet sweetener), flavoring, water, and preservatives. The thing that makes soda bubbly is invisible carbon dioxide gas, which is pumped into bottles at the bottling factory using tons of pressure. Until you open the bottle and pour a glass of soda, the gas mostly stays suspended in the liquid and cannot expand to form more bubbles, which gases naturally do.
But there’s more… If you shake the bottle and then open it, the

================



======= Instance Index 341 =========
Input Text: A litter of healthy cubs are born to a lioness, and eventually one of the cubs has a cut on its paw. It is reasonable to assume

Which is the correct answer?
- the lioness has a cut paw
- the cut paw was inherited
- all cubs will have cut paws
- the cut paw was acquired

Target Text: the cut paw was acquired

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.87743
Retrieved Text: A guest at a World Heritage Site at Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania was truly fortunate to not only catch a glimpse of a never before seen happening but to also take a photograph of a lioness named Nosikitok nursing a baby leopard.
While there is no information as to how the lioness and baby leopard met, Hunter is theorizing that since the lioness has a litter of cubs, her maternal instincts may have prompted her to nurse the leopard rather than killing it.
While those who have seen the pictures may find the incident heartwarming and touching, the reality may be a bit harsher as to the future of the cub especially if the leopard won’t be reunited with its birth mother.
According to Hunter, lionesses care for and raise litters away from the pride, which would be safe for the leopard cub if in case Nosikitok decides to raise it.
The problem would arise approximately after two months when it is time for the lioness to bring her cubs back to join the pride. While the lion cubs and Nosikitok are familiar with the leopard cub, the rest of the grown lions in the pride will see the baby leopard for what it is – a tasty meal.
“It would be unlikely that the rest of the pride would accept it,” said Hunter.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.520535
Retrieved Text: Posted on August 30, 2015 at 7:31 am.
The lion pride where Kudyela, the big male, spend most of his time seem to be enjoying a very successful hunting period lately. The guides found them feeding on a kudu bull on the 24th of August 2015 only a day after finishing the giraffe carcass that they killed a few days ago. The 3 adult lioness of the pride have now all matured into very good and capable hunters. The oldest lioness of the group has the most experience, but is also the worst lion mother that I have come across, abandoning all her litters so far, leaving them in the care of other lionesses while the cubs were still very young. The two youngest sisters have matured into two beautiful lionesses and seem to be relishing in the task of raising their first litter of cubs.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 52.40431
Retrieved Text: These little lion cub babies are extremely playful.
The lion, or Lord of the jungle has been a symbol of royalty and bravery for thousands of years among different cultures across the world. A family of lions is called a Pride. A pride has a Mom, Dad, Brothers, Sisters, Cousins and more, just like you! Everyone stays together in a pride.
The Mom lion gives birth away from the pride to keep the lion babies safe. She’s pregnant for about 110 days and can have 3-6 lion baby cubs! Like baby kittens and puppies, lion cubs are born blind and don’t open their eyes until about a week after birth. They start walking and crawling within just 2-4 days of being born! That’s super quick for a baby. Mom moves the lion babies around to ensure they stay safe and predators aren’t around. They get to meet the rest of the pride around six to eight weeks after they’re born. Just like when you meet new people, the lion cubs can be scared at first. They’re still babies and love to play! The cubs will get comfortable quickly and ask the adults to play with them.
In large prides, each lioness gives birth at around the same time. This lets them raise and suckle the cubs together once delivery is complete. The most unique part about a lion pride is that suckling can be done by any lactating lioness in the pride. This promotes survival! Males will sometimes play with the lion cubs and at other times will snarl

########
Rank: 3
Score: 50.608917
Retrieved Text: When Savannah the lioness visited Julie in her den soon after the birth of the cubs, the greeting was extra-ordinary to say the least (Savannah is the lioness that was introduced into Julies first litter when she was 5 days old. This was a genetic diversity experiment which was extremely successful. See newsletter No2).
Savannah, now 3 years old, enters the den, greets, rolls and grooms Julie for more than 2 hours.
I could relate to the greeting because a lioness called "Shingalana" had given me a similar greeting on the Luwangwe River in Zambia after I returned from an absence of 3 weeks due to a severe bout of Malaria.
The problem with Savannahs' greeting is that having never produced cubs of her own, she is totally oblivious of the fragility and vulnerability of the cubs. If Savannah (roughly 160kg) rolls on top of a 1kg tiger cub, the cub will be killed instantly.
I watched in horror as several times the cubs were almost crushed by the ecstatic Savannah. Further observation revealed a degree of jealousy as Savannah roughly cuffed and rolled the cubs over with her paws. Whereas Savannah was overjoyed to see Julie, the cubs were regarded as competition as instinctively Savannah knew that the cubs would now replace her for Julies attention, and affection.
Then the most extraordinary thing happened. As Julie rolled on her side to give the cubs better access to the teats, Savannah tried to suckle from Julie too. In one of the most extraordinary shots I have ever rolled, a 3-year-old lioness

########
Rank: 4
Score: 50.582504
Retrieved Text: By AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE, Brits, South Africa, Sep 30 – Watching the two little lion cubs boisterously play with each other at a conservation centre outside of South Africa’s capital Pretoria, it’s hard to see anything out of the ordinary.
“These are the first ever lion cubs to be born by means of artificial insemination — the first such pair anywhere in the world,” announced the University of Pretoria, whose scientists are researching the reproductive system of female African lions.
The two cubs, a male and female, born on August 25 are healthy and normal, said Andre Ganswindt, the director of the University of Pretoria’s mammal research institute.
His team’s breakthrough came after 18 months of intensive trials.
“We collected sperm from a healthy lion,” Ganswindt told AFP.
Then when the lioness’ hormone levels were found to be viable, she was inseminated artificially.
“And luckily it was successful,” said Ganswindt, adding that “there were several attempts, but surprisingly it didn’t take too much effort”.
“If we are not doing something about it, they will face extinction,” said Ganswindt.
The research was carried out at the Ukutula Conservation Center, 80 kilometres (50 miles) northwest of Pretoria in South Africa’s North West province.
Imke Lueders, a scientist involved in the study, said “having the first lion cubs ever born from artificial insemination in their natural range country, and not in a zoo overseas, is an important milestone for South Africa”.
“Assisted reproduction techniques are another tool in our conservation box, of course not a sole solution, but another technology that we can use to protect endangered species,” she

########
Rank: 5
Score: 49.164738
Retrieved Text: Duara was amazed at how quickly time could pass when you believed that you had ages to go. It seemed only yesterday she had spent a torturous night with a male lion whom she had not desired to be with, but had arranged their encounter beforehand because he was the most suitable and desirable mate that she could bare to be near in any sort of sexual way. Now, the months had flown by in a blur and all of a sudden the time when she would be giving birth to her litter was approaching. The excitement built as the days blurred between each other and the minutes seemed to be no longer than the seconds themselves, which were just a minuscule non-existant amount of time in her eager mind. But the excitement did not travel through Duara's emotional system alone, no, it had brought along anxiety. Duara's mind was anxious about how this day would turn out, and she could only hope for the best whilst her mind pictured nothing but the absolute worst outcomes. Some of them made her cringe with fear, whilst others were not so worrisome. She knew it was un-likely for any of the evil idea's that danced across her conscious mind to become a reality, but she was anxious still that they might in fact become a danger to her.
The worst one still burned inside of her whenever she entertained the idea, for already the sandy lioness had come to deeply adore the cubs that were inside of her, growing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.363426
Retrieved Text: The Machaton males along with the Kudyela pride and their cubs were quite busy during the week. The cubs are getting bigger and so they eat more and more with every meal, forcing the pride to make regular kills. We did not see them on many kills but we could definitely see that they ate during some nights. The lioness with her 3 cubs have not yet joined the rest of the pride but surely that should happen within the next week or so. Her cubs are looking very healthy and she is making regular kills and so providing more than just the essential mother’s milk. We can confirm that the pride has lost one cub due to natural causes and is down from 10 to 9 cubs, when the female with her 3 cubs later join the pride there will be a total of 12 cubs from 5 litters.
Nkanyi was tracked down one afternoon and was found just before sunset. As the sun dipped below the horizon she found a termite mount and used it as a vantage point, with a breathtaking background full of colors it was a perfect opportunity. She continued her search for a meal and was later spotted by a herd of kudu while she was trying to sneak up on a few impala.
The hyena den was very productive this week with the youngest cub coming out of the burrow and almost being a toy for the older cubs. The mother of the youngest cub is still very protective of her

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.933147
Retrieved Text: Back in July, Barbara Jensen Vorster, a wildlife photographer that was photographing lions in Botswana, had the unusual experience of having her camera and lens stolen by a lioness.
Taking photos at the Mashatu Game Reserve, Vorster was armed with a Canon 7D and a 100-400mm lens.
She accidentally dropped the camera, which made a loud thud when it hit the ground.
Naturally, the curious lioness was intrigued by the sound, and helped herself to investigating the cause.
Vorster and her colleagues were shooting from a safari vehicle, so as the lioness approached, the party retreated to a safer distance.
It was from that vantage point that Vorster, who thankfully had another camera with her, documented the strange theft of her other camera and lens.
As Vorster recalled later, "The camera fell with the lens looking up." She continued, "[the lioness] gently flipped the camera on its side and picked it up by the barrel of the lens."
At that point, the lioness carried it around, eventually dropping it on the ground near her cubs, who delighted in their newfound toy.
The cubs chewed on the lens hood and dragged the expensive camera and lens through the dirt, but eventually they lost interest.
Later, Vorster was able to retrieve the emperiled camera and lens, which to her delight was still fully functional despite having a few teeth marks.
She spent a little over $260 having her camera and lens fixed, but if you ask me, that's a small price tag for the incredible story - and the amazing images - that resulted from the event.
After all,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.291664
Retrieved Text: August in South Africa is generally regarded as the windy month, and this year's certainly been no exception. The season's changing as we're going from winter into spring and with that comes the wind.
It's always a little scary, as at this time of the year the bush is extremely dry, and the outbreak of fires are in the back of all our minds. Fortunately we have firebreaks in place and are all trained to deal with the sudden outbreak of a bush fire. For the most part bush fires are completely natural and allow the bush to regenerate fresh growth by removing all the old moribund grasses, that slowdown the new spring growth.
There have been a couple of short-lived cold fronts, but for the most part the weather's been warm. It's still a little fresh in the early morning and evening, but midday temperatures of 30C make it a great time of the year to visit the bush, especially since the game viewing at this time is exceptionally good!
The ongoing saga of the Mapogo (with the Mohawk) returning continues. One morning we found one of the Ximungwe lionesses jogging briskly along the road. She was focused, on a mission. She was stained in blood and when I saw that she was the lactating lioness, it meant only one thing; she was returning to fetch he cubs to take back to a kill. I was joined by Trevor as we followed her to where she had hidden her cubs, watched her call them out of their hiding

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.712646
Retrieved Text: Two male snow leopard cubs leave the den they share with their mother Thursday at the Cape May County Park and Zoo in Cape May Court House.The snow leopard cubs were born at the zoo May 10. The zoo is holding a naming contest for the cubs. Children 12 and younger have until Aug. 15 to suggest names.
One of the cubs stands at the den entrance with Himani, his mother, on Thursday.
The cubs will remain at the Cape May County Park and Zoo in Cape May Court House only recently began exploring much outside their den.
Himani and her cubs sit in the doorway of their den. The zoo's snow leopard Vijay fathered the cubs.
Visitors to the zoo try to catch a glimpse of the cubs in their pen.
The zoo also received two yearling bison a couple of weeks ago from Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson.
A baby lemur, also born at the zoo, clings to the back of its mother Lily as she roams her enclosure at the zoo.
A baby lemur clings its mother at the Cape May County Park and Zoo.
CAPE MAY COURT HOUSE — Two baby snow leopards born in May at the Cape May County Zoo have begun appearing regularly in public, zoo officials said Thursday.
The 2-month-old male cubs had been mostly in seclusion at the zoo with their mother, Himani, until this past week.
Now, the small, endangered cubs are growing less skittish.
The snow leopard cubs, which have not yet been named, were born May 11. They are the first snow leopards born

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.579445
Retrieved Text: The curators at Cotswold Wildlife Park in Oxfordshire recently welcomed the surprise arrival of five mischievous cubs.
First-time parents Ash and Ember are recent arrivals at Cotswold Wildlife Park. Both were born in Sweden and arrived from different collections in October 2016 as part of a breeding programme.
The park’s mammal keepers weren’t expecting a breeding success quite so soon as wolves can take a long time to bond and females only come into season once a year. The births were an unexpected but welcome addition to the collection.
For the first ten days, the cubs - who are yet to be named - were hidden from sight inside one of the underground dens the parents had excavated.
One night, after a heavy downpour of rain, Ember had taken her cubs out of the birthing den and placed them above ground for safe keeping. This was the first time anyone had seen the cubs.
Curator of Cotswold Wildlife Park, Jamie Craig, said: “Our wolves are a new pairing and we did not really expect a successful breeding so soon. They have settled well and at present, everything with the adults and cubs is going to plan – we are keeping our fingers crossed that it continues but we have more confidence with every day that passes.
Wolves generally pair for life. After a gestation period of approximately sixty-two days, the alpha female gives birth to a litter (usually between four and six cubs).
At birth, the cubs are born blind and deaf and are reliant on their parents for survival. After eleven to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.371536
Retrieved Text: In a zoo in California, a mother tiger gave birth to a rare set of triplet tiger cubs. Unfortunately, due to complications in the pregnancy, the cubs were born prematurely and due to their tiny size, they died shortly after birth.
The mother tiger after recovering from the delivery, suddenly started to decline in health, although physically she was fine. The veterinarians felt that the loss of her litter had caused the tigress to fall into a depression. The doctors decided that if the tigress could surrogate another mother's cubs, perhaps she would improve.
After checking with many other zoos across the country, the depressing news was that there were no tiger cubs of the right age to introduce to the mourning mother. The veterinarians decided to try something that had never been tried in a zoo environment. Sometimes a mother of one species will take on the care of a different species. The only "orphans" that could be found quickly, were a litter of weanling pigs. The zoo keepers and vets wrapped the piglets in tiger skin and placed the babies around the mother tiger. Would they become cubs or pork chops?
Take a look...you won't believe your eyes!!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.224926
Retrieved Text: Longleat Safari Park has come under fire after reports it put down a lion, lioness and four cubs last month.
Killed… Longleat said overpopulation led to its decision to put down six of its famous lions.
Longleat, located near Warminster less than 9 miles from Nunney, was the UK’s first safari park when it opened in 1966.
The house, safari park and attractions on the Marquess of Bath’s estate are among Britain’s most popular tourist attractions. Last month Longleat won Best Large Visitor Attraction at the prestigious South West Tourism Excellence Awards.
A whistleblower told The Mail on Sunday that the park killed six Longleat lions – including four cubs – in early January, during the safari park’s winter closure. The Longleat lions were put down under supervision from vets using a lethal liquid injected with a tranquiliser gun.
The Longleat lions culled included a vasectomised adult male called Henry, a lioness called Louisa – brought over from Noah’s Ark Zoo near Wraxall in Somerset in 2011 – and four of her cubs.
The news of the Longleat lions broke on the day Copenhagen Zoo put down an healthy 18-month old giraffe called Marius, citing European regulations on inter-breeding. The cull went ahead despite other zoos offering a home for the animal and an international petition – leading to outrage on social media.
The Mail on Sunday quoted a spokesman for the safari park blaming overpopulation among its famous lions for an increasing in violent behaviour. The spokesperson said that this had led to ‘health risks’.
There is no suggestion that the Longleat lions

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.53421
Retrieved Text: The image of a lion walking along an isolated beach has captured the imagination of filmmakers, scientists, and wildlife enthusiasts around the world.
It is a phenomenon that, today, occurs only along Namibia’s northern coastline. The Skeleton Coast lions became famous in the late 1980s, when wildlife film producers such as National Geographic released remarkable images of lions on the beach, captured primarily by the legendary wildlife filmmakers, Des and Jen Bartlett.
Dedicated nature conservators in the Skeleton Coast Park monitored the lions regularly, and the old Department of Nature Conservation supported a rudimentary research project on the lions. Although funding and resources were limited, they radio-collared five lions and collected a fair amount of data on their movements and ecology.
The coastal lions of the 1980s maintained a stable presence in the Skeleton Coast Park. They hunted and fed on the available prey, such as seals, beached whales and gemsbok, and they were breeding successfully. These individuals illustrated remarkable adaptations to the unique and extreme ecological conditions.
However, the bordering land-use practices at the time were not conducive to wildlife conservation, and especially not to lions. The Namibian tourism industry was just cutting its teeth, and community-based conservation was a foreign concept. In an area with tremendously high tourism value, local communities living just outside the narrow Skeleton Coast Park (±30 km wide) were attempting to survive from uneconomical livestock farming. Conflict between the lions and livestock farmers was inevitable.
Male Lion. Photo: Kunene Lion Project.
Lions raided their livestock and local communities retaliated by shooting and poisoning them. By the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.532326
Retrieved Text: One very special puppy is on her way to becoming a lifelong friend for an animal at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park.
Raina, an 8-week-old Rhodesian Ridgeback puppy, was chosen to be the companion for a newborn cheetah who was rejected by his mother shortly after his birth.
Typically, baby cheetahs are born in litters numbering between three and five cubs, according to the San Diego Zoo’s blog, though mother cheetahs can have as many as nine cubs at a time.
But one little cheetah at the world-famous zoo, Ruuxa, was the only cub in his litter. Lone cubs are usually rejected by their mothers because instinct tells them these single cubs will not be able to survive in the wild.
When Ruuxa was turned away by his mom, zoo staff had to step in — but they aren’t alone in making sure the cheetah cub has everything he needs to be a healthy, happy kitty.
“Because the cheetah was by himself and did not have any siblings we wanted him to have a companion immediately,” explains Susie Elkhard, animal training manager at the San Diego Zoo.
The zoo placed Ruuxa with who would become his very best buddy — Raina.
“They definitely like to play, and when they take naps together, they often will snuggle up together for that warmth and closeness,” Elkhard says.
The zoo has captured plenty of adorable moments between little Ruuxa and Raina, and they’ve even put some of those videos up on YouTube, much to the public’s delight. One video has already been viewed more than half

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.50851
Retrieved Text: A brown bear our team rescued in Armenia has given birth to healthy cubs after years behind bars.
A rescued bear in Armenia that spent years behind bars on the bank of a river, has given birth to two healthy cubs in the rescue centre where she is undergoing rehabilitation.
Brown bears Dasha and mate Misha were kept in a cramped cage half-submerged in water by a riverside restaurant in Hrazdan Gorge in Yerevan. The bears were used as a tourist attraction and spent their days pacing to and fro in boredom and frustration or climbing up the bars of the cage in a desperate attempt to escape from their iron prison.
Then, after more than ten years in captivity, last November the two bears’ misery came to an end. We joined forces with Armenian group FPWC (Foundation for the Preservation of Wildlife) to mount a rescue mission and cut Dasha and Misha free. The operation was carried out with the support of the Armenian government and the emergency rescue services who cut through the iron bars with an angle grinder.
The two bears were taken to our wildlife rescue centre high in the mountains outside Yerevan. Here they were put in quarantine and given a series of health checks. They were also put on a nutritious diet and vitamin supplements to improve their condition after being fed for years on leftovers from the restaurant and scraps thrown to them by passers-by.
Now, seven months later, Dasha is proud mother to two beautiful cubs. She has been moved into a separate

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.46472
Retrieved Text: One of the Sparta cubs climbs on its mother while the others try to suckle. With five cubs in the pride currently competing for nursing rights, things sometimes get a bit feisty!
All five of the cubs eventually managed to find a place to feed without argument. Early in the week, there was very heavy rain for a few days, and it was interesting to watch the little ones as they encountered this weather phenomenon for the first time in their lives.
Even the birds are participating in the baby boom, as this protective Blacksmith plover guards her batch of eggs.
As we waited outside the Xidulu hyena densite one rainy afternoon, one of the sub adults emerged to everyone’s delight. However, a few moments later we were greeted with a waft of the stagnant water she had been sleeping in – so pungent we had to move the vehicle!
It was worth sticking around, however, to catch a first glimpse of the newest addition! This tiny cub stuck its head out for a few moments, but without the mother present, was a bit shy.
Tugwaan Male walks into the first sunshine of the week. He was patrolling his large territory, with a hyena in tow who was perhaps hoping the big male leopard would kill something he’d be able to steal.
Our ‘kill’ sighing of the week! A Stripe-bellied sand snake tries to subdue a skink by constricting it.
The Younger Tailless Tsalala Lioness mates with the Dark-maned Majingalane Male. These lions spent their honeymoon close to the main gate of the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 45.12551
Retrieved Text: Hard to believe that we are already half way through the year and again there have been so many excitements so thought I’d share few of the highlights.
We had the most perfect rains this year with very good downpours throughout the green season providing a stunning green flush across the entire Serengeti ecosystem. Then almost on cue in April the plains were carpeted in an extravagance of yellow, red, white, pink and purple flowers. It was incredible and some of the best I’ve seen in operating safaris on the Serengeti over the last 24 years.
It made for dramatic photography with crystal clear skies, stunning light and animals parading in the flowers!
As usual Ndutu became the focal point of so much action throughout the first 5 months of the year.
The Ndutu marsh is one of the few ideal den sites in the area and not to be disappointed towards the end of April we found newly born Cheetah and Lion cubs. We’d seen both the cheetah mum and lioness coming in and out of the marsh throughout April and knew that there were tiny cubs buried in the marsh for safety. Then finally on separate occasions we saw the cubs being moved to safety.
Gnus were doing what gnus do best and were creating chaos throughout the marsh charging around like lunatics the day before. So early the next morning (in beautiful light) the lioness decided she’d move her tiny cubs to safety deep in the marsh. We were there and managed to be the first humans see

########
Rank: 18
Score: 45.099194
Retrieved Text: I watch Safari Live Sunrise (midnight - 3:00AM ET) a lot at night to fall asleep. Last night towards the end, lions were spotted. One older lioness has two cubs. I couldn't really tell (sound was low) but I think it is a male lion sleeping beside the carcass with his paw on top of it.
Towards the end, the lioness with four cubs seen crawling all over her, reached out and grabbed one and gave it a big hug. I've never seen anything like it.
This is the first time I've seen the lions.
Fast-forward to 2:29:20, this is where it starts. When it breaks briefly to go to another guide, they do cut back to the lions until the end.
These cubs are fun to watch.
Jump on the back and join a LIVE African Safari. Twice a day our expert guides invite you to come along and drive through the African bush in search of the Big Five as well as smaller animals.
Personally... I might listen when its live.. watch when STARS (Lion cubs) are up.
This is the most gorgeous animal to watch. He is a young male leopard lying near a pond, early morning, waiting for terrapin to surface. When the camera zoomed out you could see how he was camouflaged in an area wide open. His eyes are pale mint green in the show, not captured in the photo. His tail is as long as his body.
It is going into winter in dense, bushy Djuma, South Africa ...so the teams have been setting up to film

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.87418
Retrieved Text: Very often in a litter of leopard cubs (I’m going to deal exclusively with litters of two here), one cub is more nervous than the other. Virtually every time a litter first starts seeing Land Rovers and the weird humans that occupy them, one cub will be more willing to show itself; coming out into the open more often and spending less time sneaking furtively behind thickets and clumps of grass.
After 6 months or so, both cubs will have hopefully become habituated enough that neither is particularly concerned about the presence of a vehicle(s) any more, but in those first few months, during which time we try to be as sensitive as possible around them, only viewing them when the mother is with them, there is invariably a disparity between the behaviours of the two.
We have held many a debate in the ranging/tracking team about which cub stands the better chance of survival; the timid or the brave? We have not been able to come to a definite conclusion.
The Nanga female’s first litter from 2013. When a densite is found when the cubs are still young, it allows greater potential to habituate them at an early age, and we generally see them growing up with similarly relaxed natures when a Land Rover is present, as was the case here.
A timid cub is likely to hang back a bit more, uncomfortable to do anything unless its mother is there, and what you may find is that its reluctance to venture forth more boldly may hamper its development

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.816414
Retrieved Text: Examination of ancient cave lion cub offers prospect of 'oldest-ever breast milk'.
The carcass of one of a pair of extinct big cat cubs will be scrutinised this autumn with the realistic possibility that a liquid found in the remains of the animal is milk from the mother.
Separately, it was recently revealed that samples of the prehistoric infant are being examined by South Korean to clone an animal that once occupied Eurasia from modern day Great Britain to the extreme east of Russia. A source close to the case told The Siberian Times that there is 'hope' the frozen remains of a cave lion cub will show evidence of its mother's milk.
Experts do not want to draw premature conclusions but they have 'reason to believe' that the well-preserved innards of two cave lion cubs - one of which will be subjected to an autopsy, the other preserved for future study - contains an opaque white fluid that will prove to be from an extinct lactating lioness.
The preservation of one of the two cubs - which are at least 12,000 years old and possibly much more - allows for its study after new scientific advances. The autopsy on the other will be in Yakutsk, capital of Siberia's Sakha Republic.
The cubs were dug from their icy grave 'complete with all their body parts: fur, ears, soft tissue and even whiskers', said Dr Albert Protopopov, head of the mammoth fauna studies department of the Yakutian Academy of Sciences. The discovery, which received worldwide coverage, was first revealed by The Siberian

########
Rank: 21
Score: 44.47395
Retrieved Text: A lioness killed the father of her three cubs at the Indianapolis zoo, suffocating her longtime mate by locking her jaws on his neck.
Zoo officials were at a loss to explain the attack by Zuri, a 12-year-old female African lion, on her 10-year-old mate, Nyack.
The lions had been held together for eight years and had three cubs in 2015, the zoo said in a statement. Zookeepers had never before noticed any aggression between the pair.
Staff rushed to the lions’ enclosure after hearing an “unusual amount of roaring” and found Zuri in a fierce fight with the father of her cubs.
Zoo staff were devastated by the death and may never fully understand what happened, Hagan said. “They build strong bonds with the animals so any loss affects us all greatly. For a lot of us, it’s just like a family member,” he said.
An autopsy found Nyack died of suffocation from injuries to the neck. One of the couple’s offspring, a three-year-old female named Sukari, was in the outdoor lion pen at the time and was not hurt.
Nyack and Zuri’s two male cubs are kept in a separate part of the exhibit, having been separated earlier this year at the age when male lions reach young adulthood and typically leave the pride.
The lioness was on loan from San Diego zoo as part of the species survival plan managed by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums. There were no immediate plans to change how the lions are managed, the zoo said.
The zoo described Zuri on its website as an

########
Rank: 22
Score: 44.34616
Retrieved Text: July 31, 2018, 8:14 a.m.
It's not every day we get to welcome a baby cheetah into the world. Much less seven.
But at the National Zoo's Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute (SCBI), it seems to be raining cubs. Proud first-time parents Erin and Rico delivered the mewling, fuzz-covered cubs last week — making it a grand total of 53 cheetahs born at the Virginia-based facilities since 2010.
And while the rest of us swoon at these bouncing bundles of fur, scientists are toasting a major victory in the struggle to keep these big cats around.
Human conflict, habitat loss and illegal trade have reduced the number of cheetahs in the wild to around 7,100 cheetahs, mostly cloistering them to narrow swathes of Sub-Saharan Africa.
A 2016 study suggests that a further half of those numbers will disappear within the next 15 years. And is those statistics that make cheetah births at scientific facilities like SCBI so vital.
"It is really exciting to have such a large and healthy litter of cubs, especially from first-time parents," Adrienne Crosier, a biologist at SCBI, noted in a press release.
"A global self-sustaining cheetah population in human care is becoming even more important with the continued decrease of animal numbers in the wild."
If the current trend is any indication, cheetahs are going to need all the helping humans hands they can get. But a big reason for their decline, surprisingly, isn't even our fault.
When the last Ice Age ended about 11,000 years ago, the cats faced a debilitating absence of genetic diversity. As a result, subsequent cheetah

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.98045
Retrieved Text: Please note the update from the National Zoo at the bottom of this article.
It's double trouble for the National Zoo after its adult female panda gave birth to twins.
The cubs arrived about five hours apart Saturday (Aug. 22). Panda mom Mei Xiang (may-SHONG) gave birth to the first cub at 5:35 p.m. and a second at 10:07 p.m., the zoo said. If the cubs survive, they would be the 17-year-old panda's third and fourth surviving offspring.
Mei Xiang's first cub, Tai Shan, was born in 2005 and returned to China in 2010. Her second cub, Bao Bao, turned 2 years old Sunday and still lives at the zoo, which is in Washington.
The new additions mean that for the first time, the zoo has five pandas in residence. In addition to Bao Bao, Mei Xiang and the new cubs, the zoo is also home to an adult male panda named Tian Tian. In the past, the zoo has never had more than three pandas at one time.
Zoo director Dennis Kelly said following the first cub's birth that he was "so happy, so pleased, so excited." The zoo's chief veterinarian Don Neiffer was also asked about the possibility of a second cub. In 2013, when Mei Xiang gave birth to Bao Bao, she also gave birth to a stillborn cub. Neiffer said that during an ultrasound earlier in the week, he did see "two areas that made me excited."
The zoo says after the second cub was born, keepers removed one of the cubs and moved it to an incubator.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.72372
Retrieved Text: (C) Jon S. Bemdt 1992. Used w/ Permission.
All lions do better if they are part of a pride. These are the only big cats that do live in groups. There are nomadic lions and lionesses but their chances for survival are very slim. They have an extremely hard life and making kills is very difficult. A pride usually is made up of five to six adult females, one or two sometimes three males, and cubs. A small pride may be made up of just one female and cubs. Others are made up of 40 lions. The average is fifteen. The important thing about the pride is that all the females are related. They are made up of mothers, daughters, aunts, and cousins. Males may or may not be related. They may have been "brothers" who were thrown out of another pride together (where they had been born into) or they had been born in separate prides and had formed "coalitions" after they had been thrown out. Young males are usually thrown out of their birth prides when they are between the ages of two to four years. These coalitions help them to survive, scavenge, and make kills. These males eventually become established within a pride. From there they have to keep authority over their territory by roaming their areas and marking it by spraying urine, rubbing secretions from glands on objects, and by roaring. Both females and males have to fight or chase off intruders when they appear on their territories. Males usually defend their territories

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.59247
Retrieved Text: Cat gave birth to a kitten under a chestnut tree. Two hours later, I found a person who temporarily adopted the kitten with mother cat.
The Tierpark Berlin zoo said Friday that 7-year-old Mayang gave birth to two female and two male cubs Aug 4. It is her first litter with 10-year-old male Harfan.
It's been a busy but exciting year at the Carson Springs Wildlife Conservation Foundation where this summer two highly endangered big cats had their first litters.
Besides managing the EEP for Amur tigers, ZSL (Zoological Society of London) is involved in conserving numbers in RussiaâEUR(TM)s Lazovsky and Zov Tigra reserves.
It is rare to have so many kittens born at once, and so far the proud mother Bagheera is bonding with them in Barnaul Zoo, and feeding her babies.
The average litter size for a cheetah is three to five cubs.
April the giraffe has become an internet sensation as millions watched her long pregnancy unfold via webcam from her enclosure in Harpursville, New York.
A pregnant Siamese cat came to her foster mom and told her she was about to have her babies. Sophia just came and got me and led me back to her birthing suite, Cindy of foster_kittens said.
A female gorilla born after a rare emergency caesarean section at Bristol Zoo six weeks ago is "teething and has even giggled", the zoo says.
VIDEO - Emily, without any provocation, returned to the Wildlife Trust to give birth to her calf in the company of the Keepers who had been instrumental in her own upbringing during her formative

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.43129
Retrieved Text: It’s been a happy week up here at MalaMala. The Styx and Kruger National Park lion cubs are all growing up nicely. The Tamboti female leopard came of age, and we’re pleased to report that the Styx sub-adults are doing a great job of fending for themselves. We had a lion pair mate continuously throughout the week. And finally, the female cheetah caught herself a young impala. Good times.
If you have a penchant for keeping a tally of things, then this is how many times we saw each of the following animals during the past week: lion – 19; leopard – 19; elephant – 37; rhino – 20; buffalo – 13; wild dog – 0; cheetah – 2.
We saw the the dark maned Manyelethi male and the middle-aged Styx lioness mating everyday during the week. The mating was at very long intervals, and by the end of the week they had all but stopped. Two of the Manyelethi brothers – “Scar Hip” and “Three Tooth” – showed up to visit the couple during the week.
We had another caracal sighting this afternoon. This time of a nervous individual at Clarendon Corner.
Today we had the highlight of the week’s sightings. We were at the airstrip when we heard three different leopards calling around the Sand River. We went to investigate and it wasn’t long before we found the Tamboti female on the western bank of the river. She was being particularly vocal, and roared out her challenge to the two other leopards in the area. The young female

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.237988
Retrieved Text: Keeping with our singular experience theme, we saw thousands of zebras on the plains of the Kalahari. This is something that I personally have never seen before because our safari regularly arrives there a month earlier than the arrival of the migration. Another new experience for me was observing elephants gathering in and around camp, as well as seeing a red hartebeest.
Mombo produced huge numbers of animals, but it was most unusual to get such a good view of the lioness introducing her little cubs to the pride for the first time, or to get such a clear view of hippos fighting at croc corner. We were also able to spend a good amount of time watching a lioness named Legadima as she wandered around looking for her missing cubs.
The wonders continued at Duma Tau, where we enjoyed more unique sightings, especially of the lions. First when they tried to hunt a giraffe, when they chased an impala on the first afternoon, and then when the hippos walked straight into them. At the end of our stay we were incredibly lucky to get views of tiny little cubs hidden away in the bushes. Lionesses usually hide their cubs in very inaccessible places, which is why, even after all these years leading safaris, I have never seen lions cubs so small!
Wild animals are what make these trips so interesting and exciting, but the sheer remoteness of Botswana rounds out the experiences we shared. We were one of only 30-50 people in a vast area of tens of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.96049
Retrieved Text: Black panther are mostly seen in the hot, dense tropical rainforest of South and Southeast Asia, especially in southern Malaysia, the black panther are more common than light-colored leopards. Leopards are solitary animals and incredibly reclusive by nature. For somebody to so much as catch a glimpse of a leopard is a fantastically rare event.
The term "black panther" can actually refer to a number of different species of the felid genus Panthera such as the jaguar or leopard. In the same way a genetic mutation can cause some individuals within a species to display albino characteristics, black panthers are simply individuals that have a genotype causing a uniformly black coloration on their coat.
Having a black coat may confer some kind of selective advantage to melanistic leopards. In Malaysia, for example, there is competition for prey between leopards and the Malayan tiger. Perhaps light conditions caused by a dense rainforest canopy allowed darker leopards to be more concealed and hence successful at hunting prey than spotted ones.
Another theory is that a population crash of leopards in the region at some period may have left a few surviving individuals which, by chance, may have been black. This crash may have been caused by the super eruption of Mount Toba in Sumatra 74,000 years ago or changing sea levels. The remnant population would have created a "founder effect," where offspring would inherit the genes of these few "founders." Alternatively, the genetic make-up of the population could have simply ‘drifted’ by chance towards melanism, due to the isolation from other

########
Rank: 29
Score: 42.65557
Retrieved Text: Remote and wild, Liuwa is the rarely visited site of Africa’s second largest wildebeest migration. In November, you can encounter massive herds of the animals moving between the park’s various pans in search of water and grazing, accompanied by herds of zebra, as well as tsessebe and lechwe antelope.
The hyena is the king of the predators at Liuwa and you can see clans of up to 50. Cheetah and wild dog are also encountered. While the park’s declining lion population was documented in The Last Lioness, the reintroduction of new blood has seen the first cubs born at Liuwa for over a decade.

================



======= Instance Index 78 =========
Input Text: carbon dioxide plays the same role in plants that oxygen plays in animals

Which is the correct answer?
- this is accurate
- all of these
- maybe true
- this is untrue

Target Text: this is accurate

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.93081
Retrieved Text: Carbon dioxide makes up less than one half of one percent of the Earth’s atmosphere. However, it plays an important role in temperature regulation. Carbon dioxide is transparent to short-wave solar radiation, but not to long-wave infrared radiation. When energy rises from the ground, carbon dioxide traps infrared radiation and prevents some of it from leaving the atmosphere. This causes the Earth’s surface to become warmer.
Sedimentary rocks often contain carbon. When tectonic plates collide, and one plate subducts beneath another, the rocks in the bottom plate are crushed. They recombine to form new minerals, releasing carbon dioxide. When a volcano erupts, it ejects this carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.
All organic matter is made of carbon, and carbon is released whenever living things die and decay.
When they are alive, living creatures constantly release carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.
This is part of a cyclical process. Plants take in carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and, using energy from the sun, combine carbon dioxide and water to create sugar and oxygen. This process is known as photosynthesis.
Plants and animals use these plant sugars for energy. To do this, they break the sugars down, releasing carbon dioxide and water. Plants can use some of this carbon dioxide and water for photosynthesis again.
Human activity is a very important source of atmospheric carbon dioxide. People have been causing carbon dioxide levels to increase since Neolithic times, when we developed agriculture and began clearing forests to make room for crops. By burning trees or chopping them down and allowing them to decay, we released

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.25439
Retrieved Text: Another popular project in primary schools is the one about how animals breathe in air, how their lungs then take the oxygen out of the air, how the oxygen is then used to power the animals' muscles, converting it into carbon dioxide in the process, and then how the unwanted carbon dioxide is released into their lungs to be breathed out into the air. (In short, animals turn oxygen into carbon dioxide.) The second half of the story is that plants take in carbon dioxide from the air through pores in their leaves, they use the energy from sunlight to split it into carbon and oxygen, they use the carbon to make new plant material, and then they release the unwanted oxygen back into the air. (in short, plants turn carbon dioxide into oxygen.) This is a good balance - plants make oxygen for animals to breathe, and animals make carbon dioxide for plants to breathe, and the whole thing is powered by the sun. Now, I don't think you need to spend a month of your life doing a project on this or to cover a wall in a giant picture of it. Let's just save ourselves a lot of time and move straight on so that we can learn more.
There is a third part of the story which is very rarely told in primary schools: animals and plants are both made of carbon, plus a lot of other things such as water (which is in turn made of oxygen and hydrogen), but it's mainly

########
Rank: 2
Score: 51.577076
Retrieved Text: Home » Tell Me Why Numerous Questions and Answers » How Do Plants Give off Oxygen?
How Do Plants Give off Oxygen?
Plants give off oxygen during the process of photosynthesis. Using green chlorophyll (which gives them their color), the leaves of plants use the energy of sunlight to change carbon dioxide and water into food the plant needs to live. During this process, oxygen is released into the air.
This oxygen is breathed in by animals. Animals, in turn, breathe carbon dioxide back into the air, where it is again used by plants to produce food and oxygen. Because of green plants, the amount of oxygen in the air has always remained at about the same level.
As photosynthesis requires sunlight, this process only happens during the day. We often like to think of this as plants `breathing in carbon dioxide and `breathing out oxygen. Just like animals, plants need to break down carbohydrates into energy. Oxygen is required to do this.
Then why do the plants get rid of oxygen they produce during photosynthesis?
The answer is, they do not. Plants actually hold on to a small amount of the oxygen they produced in photosynthesis and use that oxygen to break down carbohydrates to give them energy.
But what happens at night when there is no sunlight which is needed in photosynthesis?
Interestingly, in order to maintain their metabolism and continue respiration at night, plants must absorb oxygen from the air and give off carbon dioxide (which is exactly what animals do). Plants produce approximately ten times more oxygen during the day

########
Rank: 3
Score: 51.238472
Retrieved Text: Carbon is the major constituent of all organic matter, from fossil fuels to DNA, i.e., the genetic basis of all life forms. Let us trace the path of carbon as it constantly moves through various steps of the carbon cycle.
Carbon is the fourth most abundant chemical element in the universe and forms the building blocks of the living world along with hydrogen and oxygen. In fact, its concentration in the biotic world (living world) is almost 100 times more than that in the abiotic (non-living) world. Other than this, carbon is an important element that forms a blanket around the Earth. It traps the heat of the sun within the atmosphere and hence prevents the Earth from freezing. There is a constant exchange of carbon between the biotic and the abiotic world, thus forming a cycle which is called the carbon cycle. This cycle plays an important role in maintaining proper levels of carbon in the Earth's atmosphere.
Carbon is regularly being exchanged among the atmosphere, land, water, and the living beings. In fact, it is constantly on the move! Let us understand how the carbon cycle works.
CO2 Used by Plants for Photosynthesis - The primary producers (green plants), also known as photoautotrophs, are constantly removing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere through the process of photosynthesis (the process in which green plants make food for themselves in presence of sunlight). Certain bacteria, also referred to as chemoautotrophs, use carbon dioxide to synthesize the organic compounds they need.
Consumption by Animals - The carbon present in the food made

########
Rank: 4
Score: 49.663437
Retrieved Text: What Are Light Dependent Reactions?
Plants act as a good complement to humanity, as the latter species breathes out carbon dioxide, which the plants then turn it into the oxygen humans need to live. Plants take in carbon dioxide, nutrients from the soil, water, and sunlight and create oxygen and a kind of simple sugar that they use for energy. This is a process necessary to life on Earth.
Photosynthesis acts as an important factor that sustains life on Earth. Plants take in carbon dioxide, sunlight, water, and nutrients from the Earth and turn it into sugar and oxygen, which many species need to breathe.
Humans and animals exhale carbon dioxide as a byproduct of respiration. Plants extract the carbon dioxide from the air and use it in photosynthesis process to feed themselves. The carbon dioxide enters the leaves of the plant through small pores called stomata. Once the carbon dioxide enters the plant, the process begins with the help of sunlight and water.
During this process, the plant combines carbon dioxide with water to allow the plant to extract what it needs for food. The plant uses sunlight as energy to perform this chemical reaction. Photosynthesis separates carbon dioxide and water — known as CO2 and H2O, respectively — into their individual molecules and combines them into new products. Once the process is done, the plant releases Oxygen, or O2, into the surrounding air. It also creates C6H12O6, a substance similar to glucose, that feeds the plant.
Because they often receive more carbon dioxide and water than they need to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 48.6743
Retrieved Text: Plants capture and store solar energy through photosynthesis. During photosynthesis, living plants convert carbon dioxide in the air into sugar molecules they use for food. In the process of making their own food, plants also provide the oxygen we need to breathe. Thus, plants provide the energy and air required by most life forms on Earth. Plant productivity also plays a major role in the global carbon cycle by absorbing some of the carbon dioxide released when people burn coal, oil, and other fossil fuels. The carbon plants absorb becomes part of leaves, roots, stalks or tree trunks, and ultimately, the soil.
The maps above show one way to monitor the carbon “metabolism” of Earth’s vegetation. They show net primary productivity, which is how much carbon dioxide vegetation takes in during photosynthesis minus how much carbon dioxide the plants release during respiration (metabolizing sugars and starches for energy). The data come from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA’s Terra satellite. Values range from near 0 grams of carbon per square meter per day (tan) to 6.5 grams per square meter per day (dark green). A negative value means decomposition or respiration overpowered carbon absorption; more carbon was released to the atmosphere than the plants took in.
In mid-latitudes, productivity is obviously tied to seasonal change, with productivity peaking in each hemisphere’s summer. The boreal forests of Canada and Russia experience high productivity in June and July and then a slow decline through fall and winter. Year-round, tropical forests in South America, Africa, Southeast Asia, and Indonesia

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.133842
Retrieved Text: If you were to consider how trees actually get to the enormous size that some of them are able to achieve, you might believe that most of this is the result of the soil in which they are plant, growing from seedlings. If you think about the largest trees in the world such as the redwoods and the sequoias, it makes sense that the soil plays a large role in delivering the nutrients that are necessary to help manifest these natural giants. However, there might be other factors involved. Let’s look at where trees actually get their mass from, and it may not just be from the surrounding soil.
If you were to interview random people about how trees are able to grow to their enormous size, it is very common for people to reference the soil that they are planted in. A good question to ask is, if they are using the soil in order to grow, why is there not a huge hole around all trees where the soil has been extracted and used. It is also common sense to assume that the soil plays a large role because of the enormous roots that can sometimes be seen above the ground, seemingly digging into the soil as a source of not only nutrients, but the water that is in the ground. However, there might be another answer to this question, one that makes more sense, in regard to how trees become so enormous.
A scientist by the name of Johann Baptista Van Helmholt decided to figure

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.898582
Retrieved Text: Many trees shed their leaves each year and most animals produce droppings at least once a day. All plants and animals eventually die. Microorganisms play an important part in decomposing this material so that it can be used again by plants. The same material is recycled over and over again and can lead to stable communities.
Living things remove materials from the environment for growth and other processes.
These materials are returned to the environment either in waste materials or when living things die and decay.
Materials decay because they are broken down (digested) by microorganisms (decomposers).
Microorganisms digest materials faster in warm, moist conditions.
Many microorganisms are also more active when there is plenty of oxygen – aerobic conditions.
The decay process releases substances which plants need to grow.
In a stable community, the processes which remove materials are balanced by processes which return materials.
The materials are constantly cycled.
The constant cycling of carbon in ecosystems.
Carbon dioxide is removed from the environment by green plants and algae for photosynthesis.
The carbon from the carbon dioxide is used to make carbohydrates, fats and proteins which make up the body of plants and algae.
Some of the carbon dioxide is returned to the atmosphere when green plants and algae respire.
When green plants and algae are eaten by animals and these animals are eaten by other animals, some of the carbon becomes part of the fats and proteins which make up their bodies.
When animals respire some of this carbon becomes carbon dioxide and is released into the atmosphere.
When plants, algae and animals die, some animals (detritus feeders) and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.28558
Retrieved Text: Several people have asked me about the world-building in my Writers of the Future award-winning story, “Stars That Make Dark Heaven Light”. It’s about a human colony living on the planet Hesperidee, a rocky, arid planet with a hydrogen-rich atmosphere, twin suns, and three moons. The planet’s surface is pockmarked with impact craters, and lichens are the predominant life form. Predators are nocturnal, and include large twin-tailed stone scorpions and centipedes. The potable water lies beneath the surface, but there are sulphur pools on the surface.
Admittedly, Hesperidee It doesn’t sound like much, but everything I’ve described plays a role in the plot in some way and is part to the planet’s biome. Biomes are defined as climactically and geographically contiguous areas with similar conditions, such as communities of plants, animals, and soil conditions. On earth we have several different kinds of biomes, such as tundra, savanna, desert, xeric scrubland, mangroves, glacier, etc. The very nature of these environments is a critical element in building a fictional world as well.
The depletion of the oceans on the planet (presumed) caused by a comet near-miss, which allowed most of the water and oxygen to escape the atmosphere, leaving massive salt flats behind.
Atmosphere is a mixture of nitrogen, oxygen, carbon dioxide, xenon, methane, and hydrogen sulfide. The high density of carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide makes the atmosphere toxic to humans, rendering them unconscious in about 20 seconds.
Several different biomes on the planet, including floating land masses, rainforest, savanna, and oceans.
So when it comes to world-building, don’t forget the biome.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.744816
Retrieved Text: Plants and animals are both kingdoms of living things. They differ in important aspects. The chart below summarizes some of these differences.
Plants generally are rooted in one place an do not move on their own Most animals have the ability to move fairly freely.
Animals cannot make their own food and are dependent on plants and other animals for food.
Plants give off oxygen and take in carbon dioxide given off by animals. Animals give off carbon dioxide which plants need to make food and take in oxygen which they need to breathe.
Plants have either no or very basic ability to sense. Animals have a much more highly develped sensory and nervous system.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.88471
Retrieved Text: Editor’s Note: In this paper, Saskia Grisaru (‘19) explains the essential concept of The Law of the Conservation of Mass and how this scientific concept plays out in the real world.
The Law of Conservation of Mass, which states that mass in a closed system can neither be created nor destroyed, is indubitably one of the defining characteristics of our universe. Developed during the 18th century by the French chemist Antoine Lavoisier, this law plays a part in scientific and real world affairs in innumerable ways. While perhaps best known by chemists as the rationale for balancing chemical equations, the Law of Conservation of Mass is applicable to many important processes.
One important process that this law applies to is the existence and sustenance of all life. For instance, when a human eats food, our bodily functions are able to convert that food to nutrients, which are then used by the body for energy, growth, and cell repair. Similarly, when a plant undergoes the process of photosynthesis, it is able to derive energy from the sun, water from the soil, and carbon dioxide gas from the air, and convert these components to sugars. These sugars fuel the plant and allow it survive and grow. Furthermore, during photosynthesis, plants release oxygen into the air—oxygen which then supports animal life. Both the digestive and photosynthetic processes begin with completely different ingredients than those with which they conclude, yet matter is never created nor destroyed; it is simply rearranged to form different products. The Law of Conservation of Mass is also

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.808826
Retrieved Text: In this world, every thing that are living can breathing in air. Air is the important part of our life. There are three essential things and without this living organisms are not live and survive in this world.
That things are water, air and food. But animals, plants and human beings need air for the survival. Air are the combination of different gases like oxygen, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, ozone, nitrogen and other gases. All these gases can combine to form outer atmosphere of air.
In living organisms, every species need the different types of gases for their growth like human beings inhaled the oxygen and release the carbon dioxide during breathing but the plants use carbon dioxide for the preparation of their food in the presence of sunlight. Animals are also used oxygen for breathing.
During the last 5 to 10 years, by increasing the population the number of factories, industries, auto mobiles are increases. All these things disturb the environmental balance due to the release of dangerous gases. These dangerous gases when enters the atmosphere as a result the fresh air would be polluted.
Another factor of air pollution are the cutting of large number of trees because the trees absorb the carbon dioxide and release the oxygen and make the environment fresh.
The present situation of the environmental are so miserable, which is the great danger for the next generation because when the amount of dangerous gases increases in the atmosphere, as a result the human beings, plants and animals do not survive.
So it is the responsibility of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.68205
Retrieved Text: Landscaping plays a significant role in reducing your carbon footprint. Trees provide much needed shade when properly placed, and can allow solar gains at the proper time of year when the correct species is matched to building orientation. Evergreens can block harsh afternoon sun or offer a break from cold winter winds. The evaporative cooling benefits of plants can promote use of an outdoor space. Providing shade for parking areas and plazas can prevent the heat island effect and create a cooler microclimate. Remember that plants absorb carbon dioxide and give off oxygen during photosynthesis allowing us to breathe easier and improve the atmosphere of our planet.
Irrigation consumes nearly 30% of our total water demand in the USA. Using native species and drought tolerant plants is a low-cost way to reduce irrigation. Rainwater collection and reuse is a more proactive strategy that can eliminate use of municipal water systems for irrigation. Rainwater is collected from roofs and parking lots, stored in cisterns or retention ponds for use. Going further, grey water can be collected from sinks and showers then filtered for landscape irrigation. Establish a goal of not using public water utilities for irrigation at the beginning of the design process.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.370308
Retrieved Text: Why Should I Make A Tree Inventory?
Note: This is the first of 2 journal posts about creating and maintaining a tree inventory.
Determine and increase the environmental impact of trees in your community.
Improve the process of planting and maintaining trees.
Assess the social and personal benefits of trees in your community.
Determine the economic value of the existing trees and those you want to plant.
The number one environmental factor is that trees give us life – or at least an essential ingredient of life, oxygen. Trees absorb carbon dioxide, sulfur, chlorine and small amounts of carbon monoxide. In exchange, they expire the life-giving oxygen we breathe. Trees shading parked cars reduce the evaporation of VOCs from those vehicles. They trap dust and other particulate matter and overall make the air we breathe so much cleaner.
More trees mean cleaner air. Cleaner air means healthier people.
Trees also cool through the evaporation process, roots absorb moisture and leaves evaporate that moisture. These cooling factors reduce the amount we spend on air conditioning and make urban living more comfortable.
In the winter, evergreen trees insulate our home from cold wind, and deciduous trees allow filtered sunlight to warm the home. That can save 10-50% on heating. Less heating and air conditioning cuts the use of fossil fuels and reduces greenhouse gas emissions. Designing the landscape to provide cooling in summer and heating in winter makes lots of sense.
Trees reduce runoff into drains and streams by slowing falling rain, allowing it to absorb into the ground and be taken up by the trees. Leaves left

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.151363
Retrieved Text: PHOTOSYNTHESIS IS THE PROCESS IN WHICH A PLANT MAKES FOOD. Water travels up the stEm fRom the roots to the leaves wich have CHLOROPLAST and chlorophYll. with carbon dioxide (co2) that enters through the Stomata in the leaVes and it gets sunlight and that causes it to unbond and rearrange into glucose (c6h12o6) and what is released is oxygen and water.
Cellular respiration is the process where humans and animals use oxygen (o2) to breakdown glucose (c6h12o6) to form energy (atp)and water (h2o) for our bodies. We release carBon DIOXIDE (co2).
Plants make oxygen for animals and humans, while humans & animals make co2 for plants.
Created with images by 51863 - "rose pink red" • fill - "larch branch nature" • makamuki0 - "forest fog ray of sunshine" • Couleur - "rise morning fog" • sandrapetersen - "rose droplets water" • Mariamichelle - "pomeranian dog pet" • Schmid-Reportagen - "loro park orca fish" • Claudia14 - "dolphin marine mammals water" • Peter23394 - "Animals (212)" • paulbr75 - "starfish sea life animal"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.070072
Retrieved Text: 2 Why Is Most of the Heat in the Human Body Generated in the Mitochondria?
Oxygen is an essential and pervasive element in virtually all biological environments. Most ecosystems contain aerobic microbes and animals that require atmospheric oxygen for respiration, and even exotic ecosystems dominated by anaerobic bacteria include oxygen as an atomic component of molecules such as carbon dioxide, nitrate and water. The fundamental cycle of oxygen in most ecosystems involves a balance between organisms that release oxygen and organisms that absorb oxygen.
In the context of environmental systems, the term "oxygen" usually refers to diatomic oxygen, which is a molecule consisting of two oxygen atoms. Individual oxygen atoms are highly reactive and readily combine with other elements to form compounds; ozone, which consists of three oxygen atoms, is also highly reactive yet is nonetheless essential to life as a component of the upper atmosphere, where it absorbs harmful ultraviolet radiation. Diatomic oxygen, on the other hand, is a stable gaseous molecule that mixes freely into the atmosphere. Atmospheric oxygen can retain this diatomic form when it is incorporated into an ecosystem's various components and organisms -- such as the oxygen trapped in the pore spaces between soil particles and the dissolved oxygen present in waterways and the bloodstreams of animals.
A convenient starting point for the oxygen cycle is the diverse group of organisms that, through photosynthesis, are able to transform water, carbon dioxide and light energy into sugar and oxygen. Examples include trees in forest ecosystems, perennial grasses in prairie ecosystems, algae in freshwater aquatic ecosystems

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.678307
Retrieved Text: Any disorder effects the respiratory system which includes the lungs, the bronchioles and the alveoli system. The respiratory system plays a vital role in delivering oxygen to the body — fuel for all the body's functions. It also removes carbon dioxide waste, eliminates toxic waste, regulates temperature, and stabilizes blood acid-alkaline balance (pH).
The lungs are the largest part of the respiratory system and have both "respiratory" and "non-respiratory" functions. The respiratory function involves gas exchange — the transfer of oxygen from the air into the blood and the removal of carbon dioxide from the blood. Non-respiratory lung functions are mechanical, biochemical, and physiological. The lungs provide a defense against bacterial, viral and other infectious agents; remove various metabolic waste products; control the flow of water, ions, and large proteins across its cellular structures; and manufacture a variety of essential hormones and chemical agents that have important biological roles.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.614136
Retrieved Text: Many gardeners know that it takes more than just the big three (Nitrogen, Phosphorus, and Potassium) nutrients for your plants to reach their full potential, but not everyone knows why! Lets take a brief look at the purpose and benefits provided by all 16 essential nutrients and get a better understanding of what our gardens crave.
Plants need to take in Oxygen for their normal respiration, generally taken in at night, though they do not release it until daylight during photosynthesis.
A major component of photosynthesis, it converted into growth energy for the plant.
In the form of water, plays an essential role in photosynthesis, energy production, and growth.
Key component of photosynthesis, as well as a building block of DNA, RNA, and the plants proteins. Vital during periods of rapid growth.
Building block of nucleic acids, regulating protein synthesis. Key in the the division of cells, new tissue production, and energy transformation.
Carbon Dioxide regulation through opening and closing of stomata during photosynthesis. Also aids in the production of ATP, an essential energy component in plant growth and development.
Micronutrients: Just as important as Macro nutrients, though needed in smaller doses.
Give your plants the best shot at success, add Great Big Plants today and watch your garden grow!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.603172
Retrieved Text: How Well Do You Know Photosynthesis?
1. Which of the following are capable of photosynthesis?
Photosynthetic organisms include higher plants, some bacteria, and some algae. Photosynthetic organisms are also known as photoautotrophs because they can make their own food from sunlight.
2. In plants, photosynthesis occurs mainly in the ____ .
Photosynthesis primarily occurs in plant leaves in organelles known as chloroplasts.
3. Plants use carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight to produce oxygen, water, and _____ .
Plants use carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight to produce glucose, water, and oxygen. Glucose is used for energy and oxygen is released into the atmosphere. Oxygen is used by many organisms for cellular respiration.
4. This green pigment captures the sun's energy in photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll a and chlorophyll b are produced in chloroplasts and are the pigments of photosynthesis.
5. Light reactions in photosynthesis mostly occur in which part of the chloroplast?
Light reactions in photosynthesis mostly occur in grana. These are dense layered stacks of thylakoid sacs found in plant chloroplasts.
6. Dark reactions in photosynthesis occur in which part of the chloroplast?
Dark reactions in photosynthesis occur in the stroma. Stroma is dense fluid within the chloroplast where reactions occur to produce carbohydrates.
7. Dark reactions in most plants occur during the day.
Dark reactions occur during the day in most plants. Dark reactions are light-independent and use energy molecules generated in the light reaction phase to produce carbohydrates.
8. In the Calvin Cycle, carbon dioxide is converted to ____ .
In the Calvin Cycle, carbon dioxide is converted to the sugar glucose. These reactions occur in chloroplast stroma.
9. Both ATP and NADPH

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.293266
Retrieved Text: Read this article to learn about the nitrogen cycle and the oxygen cycle.
The most abundant element in the atmosphere is nitrogen. In its elemental form it is a colourless and odorless gas which cannot be used by plants or animals. But in combination with oxygen or other elements, nitrogen is available to living organisms as a nutrient. The nitrogen cycle may be defined as the circular flow of nitrogen from free nitrogen gas in the atmosphere to nitrates in the soil, and, finally, back to atmospheric nitrogen.
By this process, nitrogen gas is converted to nitrates.
(i) There are some Nitrogen-fixing bacteria that live in the soil or in nodules on the roots of leguminous plants. They can convert nitrogen gas to nitrate. Nitrogen fixation is also done by some types of blue-green algae and fungi.
(ii) Nitrogen fixation also occurs in the atmosphere. This is natural nitrogen fixation. It takes place when lightning occurs, because the electrical current that passes through the atmospheric nitrogen converts some of the nitrogen gas to nitrogen compounds. These compounds can be used by plants.
(iii) Nitrates are also released from dead and decaying plants and animals and animal wastes.
At the same time, when nitrates are being produced from nitrogen gas, other nitrates are breaking down and releasing nitrogen gas back to the atmosphere. This process of reversal is called de-nitrification.
(ii) When run-off water carry nitrates into surface water which constantly exchanges nitrogen with the atmosphere.
There are some ecosystems where the process of nitrogen fixation and de-nitrification are attuned according to the productivity demands

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.059673
Retrieved Text: the most potent (per molecule of gas) of the greenhouse gases.
the most abundant greenhouse gas.
more potent (per molecule of gas) than methane.
the main anthropogenic greenhouse gas produced in the United States.
the only greenhouse gas presently increasing in the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is in water.
Animals, including humans, make energy using and .
A product of photosynthesis is molecular oxygen. What is the source of this oxygen?
Earth's atmosphere during the first billion years of its existence was made up mainly of which two gases?
Plants take in and give off .
Which gas produces a green-blue to blue color of Uranus and Neptune?
Through photosynthesis, plants give us and we give them .
What is the formula for nitrogen dioxide?
Two gases that plants must exchange are and .
Carbon dioxide gas is a fluid.
Leaves take in carbon dioxide.
What enters the plant through tiny holes on the underside of the leaves?
What are the products made at the end of alcoholic fermentation?
What kind of gas does Kilauea release?
Global warming focuses on an increase in the level of which gas in the atmosphere?
Animals breathe out a gas called _______________.
What waste product builds up in blood and cells when the heart is unable to pump blood efficiently?
What waste products are formed as a result of these processes?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.805088
Retrieved Text: Plants respire through microscopic pores in the underside of their leaves; these pores are called stomata. Plants can open or close their stomata to regulate the amount of gas exchange that takes place.
Plants produce the oxygen that animals need to breathe.
There are three kinds of gases that plants release through their stomata: carbon dioxide, oxygen and water vapor. Each of these gases is a byproduct of a process essential to the plant's survival.
Plants produce carbon dioxide through cellular respiration. The amount of CO2 they release, however, is much less than the amount of CO2 they consume through photosynthesis. Photosynthesis releases oxygen gas as a byproduct and the oxygen diffuses out through the stomata of the leaves. Plants also lose water vapor through their stomata; this process of water loss is called transpiration.
Transpiration is essential to plants; in combination with the high surface tension of water, it creates negative pressure that draws water up the plant's stem and from the roots. Although it decreases their rate of growth, many plants will nonetheless close their stomata in response to stress caused by drought to avoid drying out.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.509926
Retrieved Text: 1. What is the composition of air?
2. Which gas in the atmosphere is essential for respiration?
Oxygen gas in the atmosphere is essential for respiration.
3. How will you prove that air supports burning?
Step I: Two shallow containers are taken and burning candles are fitted into it.
Step II: Now, water is filled in the container at two different levels.
Step III: Both the candles are then covered with glass.
Step IV: After sometimes, we observed that the candles having less water in its container lights off.
This happened because the container having more water contains more oxygen and therefore it burnt for more time. Thus, it is proved that air supports burning.
4. How will you show that air is dissolved in water?
Step I: Water in a pan is taken.
Step II: It is now boiled on stove.
Step III: We will observe tiny bubbles of water visible coming out from the bottom of the pan.
These tiny bubbles are coming due to the air dissolved in water. Thus, this proves that air is dissolved in water.
5. Why does a lump of cotton wool shrink in water?
The lump of cotton contains air in it. When it comes in contact with water, the air pushed out from the vacant space and dissolved in water and thus a lump of cotton wool shrink in water.
6. The layer of air around the earth is known as ___________.
The layer of air around the earth is known as atmosphere.
7. The component of air used by green plants to make their food, is ___________.
The component of air used by green plants

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.4734
Retrieved Text: Apr. 8, 2013 — A new study in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences suggests that the way carbon moves from within a planet to the surface plays a big role in the evolution of a planet's atmosphere. If Mars released much of its carbon as methane, for example, it might have been warm enough to support liquid water.
A new study of how carbon is trapped and released by iron-rich volcanic magma offers clues about the early atmospheric evolution on Mars and other terrestrial bodies.
The composition of a planet's atmosphere has roots deep beneath its surface. When mantle material melts to form magma, it traps subsurface carbon. As magma moves upward toward the surface and pressure decreases, that carbon is released as a gas. On Earth, carbon is trapped in magma as carbonate and degassed as carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas that helps Earth's atmosphere trap heat from the sun. But how carbon is transferred from underground to the atmosphere in other planets -- and how that might influence greenhouse conditions -- wasn't well understood.
"We know carbon goes from the solid mantle to the liquid magma, from liquid to gas and then out," said Alberto Saal, professor of geological sciences at Brown and one of the study's authors. "We want to understand how the different carbon species that are formed in the conditions that are relevant to the planet affect the transfer."
The findings, published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, suggest that when volcanism was widespread early in Mars' history, it may

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.46846
Retrieved Text: By inhaling oxygenation catalysts, such as those that are produced by plants, like oxygen at the time of photosynthesis, the biocatalyst plays a role of a "super transmitter" in oxygen metabolism. It is very useful for treating cancer because cancer cannot survive in an oxygen rich environment as it is anerobic. Is also usefull in treating fatigue, anxiety, anorexia, bulimia, heart disease, cardiovascular problems, and circulation issues amongst other conditions.
The cells undergoing biocatalytic oxygenation resist +25% above the normal average. The air around is composed of 21% oxygen. When we breathe, air enters the airways to the alveoli, where gas exchange and oxygen from the air diffuses through the blood. In the blood, over 95% of the oxygen attaches to hemoglobin, a major protein in red blood cells, which serves as a transporter. Although it has successfully captured the oxygen, hemoglobin releases the cells under specific conditions (temperature, acidity, quantity of carbon dioxide) If any of these conditions within tissues change, hemoglobin will not release the oxygen. Pollution, free radicals, stress, internal contamination, age, sedentary lifestyle, chronic diseases, emotional stress, prolonged sun exposure, among other things can greatly affect the level of oxygen in our body.
The deficit of oxygen in tissues can cause a reduction in energy production. The biochemical reactions of assimilation and transformation of nutrients are not completed successfully. Waste poorly eliminated will gradually accumulate and become toxicity in the body. The brain and the central nervous system which are the largest consumers of oxygen are the first to be affected. This is when

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.375507
Retrieved Text: An oxygen atom has 6 electrons in its outer shell. Oxygen is in group 6 of the periodic table. A carbon atom has 4 electrons in its outer shell. Carbon is in group 4 of the periodic table. Two oxygen atoms and 1 carbon atom will each share two electrons to form four covalent bonds and make a carbon dioxide molecule (CO 2). This is a picture of a carbon dioxide molecule. By sharing the four... A molecule of oxygen contains two atoms. Oxygen never exists freely in nature but rather exists as a diatomic molecule, meaning two oxygen atoms bond together and share electrons.
Oxygen atoms make up almost a quarter of the air on Earth, and they�re necessary for all animals (including people) to breathe. Some oxygen atoms combine with carbon atoms to make carbon dioxide, which plants breathe.
See more What others are saying "Boron Atomic Model Boron Atomic Model Source by mfince" "sixth grade model of an atom oxegyn" "ideas for chemistry projects How to Make a Model of Sodium"
The orbits of each atom's electrons must become linked, and to do that we must have a sudden burst of energy to get these shy things to hook up. �Since hydrogen is extremely flammable and oxygen supports combustion, it wouldn't take much to create this force.
The gaseous compound carbon monoxide, or CO, is formed when one atom of carbon chemically combines with one atom of oxygen during incomplete combustion.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.207115
Retrieved Text: All life on Earth is based on carbon, in part because most energy on Earth is stored as carbon compounds. Plants and algae—including phytoplankton—are the primary means of storing carbon in natural systems.
Burning plants—particularly fossil plants that have converted over time to coal, oil, and natural gas—is the most common way humans release carbon into the air (in the form of carbon dioxide, CO2). For the health of the planet, we need to have a balance between releasing carbon (CO2) and storing carbon. Currently, humans are releasing carbon at a rate faster than it can be stored, leading to changes in Earth's atmosphere and ocean.
Carbon forms living organisms, dissolves in the ocean, mixes in the atmosphere, and is stored in the crust of the planet. The ocean plays a critical role in the carbon cycle and is key to understanding Earth's changing climate.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 42.96225
Retrieved Text: Carbon dioxide (chemical formula: CO2) is a chemical substance that occupies about 96 % of Mars's atmosphere.
The metabolism of human beings, animals and various microbes depends on the oxidation of carbohydrates, resulting in carbon dioxide and water exhalation. Plants use the carbon from carbon dioxide to produce carbohydrates and release the oxygen back to the atmosphere, completing the cycle.
CO2 will be extracted in-situ by atmospheric processing using compression and cooling.
Carbon dioxide is required in the settlement atmosphere for plant metabolism. Standard concentration on Earth is increasing, so the value is a moving target. However, a concentration between 300ppm (0,03%) and 1000ppm (0,1%) is considered acceptable. Nuclear submarines have varying carbon monoxide levels that can reach 9000 ppm in normal operations.
The Sabatier process can be used in place of photosynthesis to complete the atmospheric part of the carbon cycle. Synthesis of carbohydrates from methane would be required to complete the carbon metabolic cycle without the use of plants. Or food can be supplied from Earth or Mars for a partial cycle, where Methane from the Sabatier process can be stored for use as a propellant.
Photosynthesis by plants in greenhouses to create carbohydrates for plant metabolism.
Synthetic materials, hydrocarbons using the Fischer Tropsch reaction process.
Propellant production. Methane (CH4) and Oxygen (O2), through ISRU using the Sabatier process. The hydrogen comes from Electrolysis of water or is brought from Earth.
Carbon using the Bosch reaction process. The Bosch reaction consumes hydrogen to produce carbon and water. The hydrogen can come from electrolysis of water.
This page was last edited on 18 April

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.932133
Retrieved Text: The main end products of respiration are CO2 (carbon dioxide) and water, which are used as the starting material for Photosynthesis, and photosynthesis converts them into glucose and O2 (oxygen).
Photosynthesis is the ultimate source of all energy rich carbon compounds used by all organisms; it is responsible for the continual supply of atmospheric O2 (oxygen), without which all the aerobic organisms, that use oxygen would not exist.
Green plants, algae, some unicellular green flagellates and 2 bacteria groups are the only organisms that photosynthesize. Each year they release half of all the O2 (oxygen) in the atmosphere.
Plants use CO2 (carbon dioxide) when they produce O2 (oxygen). CO2 is converted to O2 during photosynthesis. At the same time, animals through their respiration process use this O2 from their metabolism and replace it with CO2, which is then used by plants to begin the cycle again.
Photosynthesis is a solar powered process. SUNLIGHT is a key component of the process.
Light is a form of ELECTROMAGNETIC ENERGY. When light meets matter, it can be reflected, transmitted or ABSORBED.
PIGMENT absorbs light. Plant pigment, CHLOROPHYLL (the main light-absorbing molecule of green plants), is a pigment that absorbs LIGHT ENERGY.
Chlorophyll is found in specialized structures called CHLOROPLAST; they give plants their green color. Each chloroplast contains all the chlorophyll and enzymes needed to complete the complex chemical reactions of photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll participates directly in LIGHT REACTIONS.
The site of photosynthesis is typically the leaf of green plants. Each cell has about 30 to 40 chloroplast.
The large amount of chlorophyll in the leaves of plants allows it

########
Rank: 29
Score: 42.928333
Retrieved Text: Describe the short term cycling of carbon through the processes of photosynthesis and respiration.
Identify carbon sinks and carbon sources.
Describe short term and long term storage of carbon.
Describe how human actions interfere with the natural carbon cycle.
Carbon is a very important element to living things. As the second most common element in the human body, we know that human life without carbon would not be possible. Protein, carbohydrates, and fats are all part of the body and all contain carbon. When your body breaks down food to produce energy, you break down protein, carbohydrates, and fat, and you breathe out carbon dioxide.
Carbon occurs in many forms on Earth and is found throughout the environment (Figure below). The element moves through organisms and then returns to the environment. When all this happens in balance, the ecosystem remains in balance too. In this section, let’s follow the path of a carbon atom over many years and see what happens.
These are some of the structures that carbon takes.
Nitrogen is also a very important element, used as a nutrient for plant and animal growth. First, the nitrogen must be converted to a useful form. Without “fixed” nitrogen, plants, and therefore animals, could not exist as we know them.
The short term cycling of carbon begins with carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere.
The production of food energy by land plants.
Plants and animals engage in the reverse of photosynthesis, which is respiration. In respiration, animals use oxygen to convert the organic carbon in sugar into food energy they can use. Plants also go through

================



======= Instance Index 236 =========
Input Text: Creatures such as opossums and raccoons are scavengers, meaning that they get their food from various sources, wherever and however they can, even from trash cans. This can negatively impact the creature's health if

Which is the correct answer?
- the food is warm
- the food is past its prime
- the food is yummy
- the food is fresh

Target Text: the food is past its prime

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.541904
Retrieved Text: Heterotrophs are all around us. They are in the oceans, forests, deserts, and some are even sitting right next to you! Heterotrophs are animals and organisms that eat autotrophs (producers) in order to survive. Some categories of heterotrophs include herbivores (plant eaters), carnivores (meat eaters), omnivores (plant and meat eaters), and lastly scavengers (foraging).
Heterotrophs rely on autotrophs for food because they need energy in order to continue functioning. They either focus on eating plants directly for food or may even eat other species to gain energy indirectly. For example, let's say that Bob eats a cow. Bob received energy indirectly from an autotroph – grass, because the cow ate grass which received its energy from the sun. Therefore, heterotrophs receive their energy from the sun indirectly by eating other organisms as well as autotrophs.
So what are some examples of heterotrophs you might ask? Well, here's a listing from a variety of categories!
Herbivores like to munch on autotrophs such as plants and grass. There are several different types of herbivores varying from insects and mammals. Some insects just eat a part of a plant while others such as mammals have to chew a large quantity of grass in order to stay healthy. Let's start by focusing on two herbivores.
One type of herbivore is one of a farmer's worst fears. Locusts are herbivores that like to swarm over a wide range of land and can chew through miles of farmland. Unlike grasshoppers which only chew a part of a plant, locusts feed on all kinds of autotrophs and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.25033
Retrieved Text: Raccoons, while cute and seemingly cuddly, are incredibly dangerous to have in your home. According to the Humane Society of the United States, these creatures carry and spread rabies, roundworm, leptospirosis, and other potentially serious diseases. These critters can be found all throughout North Carolina, in both urban and rural environments. Raccoons are characterized by mischievous behavior, their bandit-looking faces, fuzzy grayish-brown fur coats, fluffy black-ringed tails, and bulbous bodies. Not only are they highly intelligent creatures, but they are also quite resourceful and adaptable. They can weigh between four and 23 pounds. Raccoons are omnivores, meaning they eat foods of both plant and animal origin; in other words, they eat whatever they can get their claw-toed paws on. Most raccoons have a lifespan of two to three years and spend a lot of their lives living in small families.
If you think you have raccoons in your home, you will want to have a professional wildlife control team safely remove them from your property, rather than attempting to do so on your own. Read these seven warning signs and if any of them sound familiar, contact Ray Pest Control, Piedmont’s Top Rated Local® wildlife removal experts, immediately.
If you hear unusual scratching sounds and thumping coming from your attic at night, there’s a good chance raccoons are to blame for the noise. Raccoons are nocturnal, meaning they are more active at night. Hearing these sounds could be raccoons rummaging for nesting materials or coming and going to find food. Additionally, raccoons are vocal creatures, so if you

########
Rank: 2
Score: 48.066956
Retrieved Text: Raccoons are nocturnal animals that live across North America. They are clever, swift runners, strong climbers, and capable swimmers. Where raccoons come into close contact with humans, they are considered nuisances because of their opportunistic scavenging habits, which lead them to dig through garbage cans and make messes of home gardens.
These small mammals are known for the distinct, black bandit-mask markings on their faces. Most raccoons weigh anywhere from 10 to 30 pounds and grow up to 3 feet long. Their bushy tails tend to add an additional foot to their total body length. Raccoons have dense, grayish-brown fur peppered with black and white, as well as a series of distinctive black rings on their tails.
Opportunistic and omnivorous, raccoons will eat just about anything they can get their hands on. Common meals include crayfish, frogs, turtles, fish, mice, insects, eggs, fruits, vegetables, nuts, and whatever they can scavenge from carrion and trash piles. They eagerly take advantage of vegetable gardens, unsecured garbage cans, pet food left outdoors, and even bird feeders.
Forests, marshes, prairies, and wooded areas near human habitations are ideal habitats for raccoons. The creatures prefer to live near a water source, such as a stream, lake, wetland area, or slow-moving river, but are highly adaptable and can learn to thrive in a variety of environments. They make dens in hollowed trees, rock crevices, and the abandoned dens of muskrats or similar animals. We most commonly remove raccoons from properties in Georgia, Texas, North Carolina, Louisiana, and South Carolina. Contact your local Trutech office today

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.719917
Retrieved Text: Whenever the word “Texas” pops up in our minds, often we associate the city with the classic wild-west shootouts and the cowboys. Most of the city space is desert-like, with hot and dry place that is covered with a wide variety of spindly trees and brush; although it has a considerable amount of hardwood trees such as oak. Wild animals and insect need to survive the scorching heat, and most of them have successfully adapted to the extreme weather condition of the city.
Another best thing about Texas is that the state allows householders to set and trap animals and pests at any time, even if they do not have a license. However, the animals or pelts can kept only if they were caught during the designated trapping season. All other animals caught during the off-season must be returned to the local authorities.
Just like any other states in the United States, Texas householders also find themselves preventing mosquitoes, fleas, rats, mice, squirrels, raccoons, and other kinds of animals and pests from creeping back to their homes and attached properties. They also have common problems with snakes and armadillos.
The drier and hotter the climate in Texas, the more problematic the insects and ants population becomes, attracting hordes of armadillos into the yards to hunt for any holes within fertile lawns.
Mosquitoes, fleas, and snakes also become a common yard visitor in San Antonio, particularly if the yard has a standing water source such as pool or a pond. Many reptiles find themselves at home in this standing water, and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.36768
Retrieved Text: Live traps make it easy to capture and get rid of groundhogs, skunks, and other unwelcome animals around your home without harming them. However, a live trap is only as effective as the bait you use. Here you can find out the best baits for common pests and the helpful tips that ensure success.
Best bait: These ravenous herbivores come to your garden to munch on your homegrown produce, so you can entice them into your trap with vegetables, such as tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots and beans. They are also attracted to fruits, such as apples, cantaloupes, strawberries and peaches.
Key to success: Groundhogs are especially hungry in early spring, as they prepare to produce a new set of hungry mouths to feed. Set up your trap as soon as wild plants start growing to try capturing groundhogs before a new generation is born.
Best bait: The strong scent of fish-flavored cat food catches the attention of skunks and brings them into your trap for a taste.
Key to success: Covering all but the door of your trap with an old blanket or a dark cloth gives a skunk comfort in taking the bait and reduces the risk that you’ll be sprayed by a trapped skunk.
Best bait: Raccoons eat almost anything (as you might surmise from the mess they make of your garbage cans), but marshmallows appeal to the pests’ craving for high-calorie sweets.
Key to success: The masked bandits’ deft hands are often able to reach into traps and pull out the bait without being captured. Take extra care to secure

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.377186
Retrieved Text: Commonly referred to as a possum, these nocturnal creatures are technically known as opossums in throughout North America. Aside from the great outdoors, opossums are usually found in attics and cellars. These creatures are harmless and very shy so it’s not unusual to never see them within your home.
The opossum is about the size of a house cat with adult males weighing an average of 5.5 pounds and adult females an average of 4.0 pounds. They have long, dense body fur that is usually a grayish white color, although some opossums in the southeastern U.S. are darker. An opossum face is white with a pointed snout and whiskers. An adult opossum has 50 teeth, quite a lot, and is not afraid to bare them when scared or angry (hence the phrase "grinning like a opossum"). Its tail is about a foot long and has very little hair on it. The tail is prehensile which means it is can be used to grasp onto objects such as tree limbs.
Opossums are fairly widespread in continental North America, found as far north as the U.S./Canadian border and as far south as Costa Rica. In the United States, opossums are found in the eastern two-thirds of the country and along a narrow strip on the Pacific coasts of California, Oregon, and Washington.
Opossums are not constrained to any specific habitat type, thus they are found in many different areas from cities and towns to rural areas. However, across their range they appear to be most numerous in wooded areas adjacent to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.065884
Retrieved Text: Opossums are marsupial mammals that grow to be approximately the size of a large house cat with long pink snouts, rat-like tails, and coloring that is usually an ombre of blacks, greys, and whites. They reproduce like most marsupial mammals with approximately 15-25 newborns born live each year in homes their parents have built in pre-made structures like homes, logs, garages, and the like.
When it comes to their diet, opossums are opportunistic omnivores that will eat… just about anything. They’ll eat whatever they can find, including fruit, vegetation, insects, fish, birds, and the contents of your cupboards.
Nocturnal animals, these marsupials can enter crawl spaces and low attics. Creating an entry hole open for other animals, they can damage air-conditioning units, insulation, vapor barriers, and cause much more costly problems. They’re known to carry fleas, ticks, lice, and occasionally disease-carrying parasites so they are a definite potential danger to any homeowner they encounter.
Opossums are scavengers, so if you have them, more likely than not they have found a regular and reliable source of food in or around your home. The easiest way to discover that you have an infestation is by spotting them near your home garbage cans.
How can I prevent opossums?
The easiest way to prevent opossums from entering your home is through general discouragement. Since they’re scavengers, your best option is to remove any sources of potential food by keeping garbage cans consistently cleaned out, debris away from any entry points in your home, and putting fences up around any home gardens or the like.
Please note

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.442226
Retrieved Text: Opossums are common in residential neighborhoods. The only marsupial found in North America, female opossums have a pouch in which they carry their young until they are old enough to survive on their own. Opossums are extremely adaptable to different environments and conditions. Opossums are nocturnal animals who leave their daytime nests at night to seek food and water. They are known to eat insects, frogs, birds, snakes, small mammals, and earthworms. Some of their favorite foods are fruits, and they are known to eat apples and persimmons. Their broad diet allows them to take advantage of many sources of food provided by human habitation such as unsecured garbage and pet food, or any other edible item left outside, in a garage, shed, or patio. Opossums will make their nest wherever they feel safe during the day including garages, sheds, attics, or underneath decks, patios, and pier and beam foundations and other structures.
Q. There’s an opossum hissing and drooling at me – is the opossum rabid?
A. For unknown reasons, opossums are amazingly resistant to rabies. Hissing, drooling and swaying are part of the opossum’s bluff to scare YOU off. Unlike other animals, opossums don’t always flee when they’re frightened. Just leave the opossum alone and eventually the animal will wander off.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.217205
Retrieved Text: Up until a few years ago if you lived in Kamloops and you wanted to see a raccoon, your best bet was to visit the BC Wildlife Park.
These days, however, raccoon sightings are becoming more and more common, and have recently turned up on home security cameras, possibly targeting backyard chicken coops as a food source.
Dr. Karl Larsen, an animal ecologist at TRU confirms that the creatures that have long been prolific on the Lower Mainland and in parts of the Okanagan, are here to stay, after first being spotted by one of his undergraduate research students in 1999.
Alycia Krawchuk, who graduated from the Natural Resource Science program in 2003, was putting cameras in culverts to monitor badgers, and inadvertently filmed a raccoon.
“We also spotted some prints in the mud. That was the first concrete evidence that I had of raccoons in the Kamloops area,” Larsen said.
Sightings of the invasive animal have been sporadic through the years, but there’s been a recent uptick.
“We’ve had roadkill turning up here and there. They’ve established,” he said, adding that while invasive like the Eastern grey squirrel, the raccoons likely arrived here by a slightly different route.
Larsen, whose research focuses on the movement and settlement of animals, explained that raccoons have spread somewhat naturally, and are expanding their range rather than hitching rides on transport trucks and RVs like the grey squirrel.
“They’re likely coming in from different directions, including the Okanagan,” he said, adding that to date, Kamloops has been protected from the raccoon based on geography.
While some have suggested

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.82054
Retrieved Text: You can get rid of raccoons from your house and yard easily!
Raccoons are extremely intelligent creatures that love exploring due to their curious nature. Their curious nature however, is what gets these furry mammals some people call bandits because of all the trouble they can cause around a yard, inside a home, within a picnic area and even on campsites.
These little trouble makers love dumpster diving and will eat any kind of food if its in reach of their little tiny paw like hands that can open up a jar of peanut butter or jelly if this snack of choice is they only thing available too them when their tummies are screaming out in hunger.
For these reasons, people try to find ways to get rid of raccoons from their yard or place of business, but before we get into the methods found the most useful for ridding these creatures away it is time to learn exactly what raccoon are to help better understand them.
What type of habitat do raccoons prefer?
What are some of the ways you can prevent raccoons from making your home their home?
What needs to happen in order to remove a raccoon from an area?
What are some other ways to keep raccoons away from your home or yard?
As mentioned, raccoons are furry mammals that are highly intelligent. These beings are twelve-inches tall and average around forty-inches long while weighing nearly twenty-three pounds as adults. The lifespan of these creatures on average is around three years, but do live longer when in captivity. The furry

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.700108
Retrieved Text: Raccoons are animals that can be a real nuisance when they start regularly visiting your yard or garden, or worse if they find a nesting spot in a part of your property. They are creatures that can cause a lot of problems, not only because of the diseases and parasites that they can carry, but also because of their scavenging for food which can see them tearing through garbage bags, or even getting into pet food sacks too. There are plenty of reasons why you will not want to have a raccoon in and around your property, so this is how you can go about getting rid of a problem raccoon without killing it.
In order to be able to catch and remove a raccoon, you will need to get a cage trap, which is of a suitable size, and is often marketed as being suitable for raccoons, feral cats and other creatures of a similar size. This should then be placed in an area where you know the raccoon has been active, and where possible try to place the trap using gloves, which will reduce the human scent that is transferred to the trap. You can then bait the trap with a food that will help draw the raccoon in, and most people with experience of trapping raccoons will use a food with quite a strong smell such as tinned cat food, sardines or crispy bacon.
Find out how big raccoons can get.
It is important to remember that raccoons can carry parasites, and may try to give

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.600914
Retrieved Text: Most of mammals we see where I live Southeast Texas would be considered of the common garden variety.
Whitetail deer, raccoons, opossums and squirrels are the most frequently seen creatures that thrive in our woodlands, prairies, marshes and urban areas.
There are however some really strange mammals in the region that are very rarely seen by human eyes and yet they can live in suburban backyards.
Take the eastern mole for example.
These burrowing mammals have tiny eyes but they cannot see and spend almost all of their time underground.
According to the Mammals of Texas, “…moles feed largely on earthworms and grubs, although beetles, spiders, centipedes, insect larvae and pupae, and vegetable matter may also be eaten. In captivity, they have consumed mice, small birds, and ground beef.
The saliva of males contains a type of toxin that paralyzes worms and insects. And if that is not weird enough, they can move as quickly backwards as they can forwards.
If the mole isn’t odd enough for you than let me introduce you to the shrew.
These mouse-sized insectivores are arguably the most voracious predators on the planet and East Texas has two varieties: the southern short-tailed shrew and the least shrew.
According to the Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection, shrews have an extremely high metabolic rate. This rapid conversion of food to energy requires that these animals consume up to their own body weight in food every day.
The least shrew only lives a short time, usually a little over a year.
God created many amazing creatures and although the big ones get most of the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.914467
Retrieved Text: When you know that you have rodents, raccoons, possums or other creatures living in your attic or basement, this is where you should start the search. Sniff the air and follow the scent to the area where it is strongest. Most people can tell what room smells the strongest and where in the room the smell is coming from. If the scent trail leads you to an area that is inaccessible, such as a... 1/01/2009 · Possums bothersome sometimes, but before you need to know how to get rid of possum. you should know a little more about them. -Use the tool, such as snare pole as seen below, to grab the animal bring it outside.
How to Remove an Opossum from Inside the House Opossums are nocturnal pest animals and mostly live in North America. An opossum is marsupial which …... Fortunately, there are many treatment and prevention methods you can use to get rid of opossums on your property and prevent them from coming back. These methods can be used on your own, or a professional wildlife expert can also use them for you in order to save time and effort.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.808105
Retrieved Text: Fruit trees such as a plum tree are an ideal addition to any garden or landscape. Unfortunately, they are ideal for several pests and critters, such as opossums, skunks and especially raccoons. Raccoons can be damaging to your plum tree, so it is important to keep them away. Remember basic things to keep raccoons away, such as tightly cover trash cans to reduce foraging and to clean up food from trees that has fallen to the ground. There are some key things to keep in mind when deterring raccoons, such as ammonia soaking to a high fence.
Soak an old towel in ammonia. Ball up the towel and place it at the base of the plum tree. You can also wrap it around the base of the tree. Raccoons detest the smell of ammonia, so this is a good start to keeping them away from your plum tree.
Us a pest repellent spray such as Capsaicin to discourage the raccoons.
Use fruit tree netting to protect individual plum trees or rows. These are very effective but take some time and preparation to secure. Make sure you fasten the netting to the trunk or the ground, so the raccoons cannot crawl underneath.
Use a fence if all else fails, right around the base of the trunk that's at least four feet high. Raccoons give up easily, so if there is an obstruction in their way to the plum tree they will most likely give up.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.147835
Retrieved Text: When animals meet their inescapable ends among the walls or attics of homes or in residential yards, problems arise which may be difficult to handle without the help of professionally trained wildlife removal experts. Commonly found animals include creatures which frequently live near houses such as squirrels, raccoons, stray cats or dogs, mice, rats, opossums, and skunks. Homeowners risk unpleasant odors and stains, disease, contamination, and further pest infestation when dead animal bodies are left unattended in homes or yards.
The expired corpse of an animal may be obscured from view by walls, ceilings, or dark crawl spaces. The signs of their passing are noted in time as gasses caused by bodily decomposition fill the area with the smell of rotting flesh. Fluids drain out and leech into nearby materials, causing foul stains which spread and grow as the animal's body continues to rot. These signs may cause concern and unpleasant circumstances for humans and attract other insect or animal pests which feed on carcasses.
Animals like squirrels, raccoons, mice, and rats often make their homes in close proximity to human activity, sometimes within the same yard or even within a house. Whatever areas the animals frequented during their lives are where the remains of their corpses can be found. This includes within attics and walls, beneath floorboards, under porches, hidden within crawl spaces, in yards, or floating in pools. Many of these animals, especially mice and rats, are considered pests by humans, who lay out traps and baits to control infestations. Toxic baits increase the chances of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.71105
Retrieved Text: Key Largo Animal Removal in FL is a full-service animal removal company located in Monroe County, Florida. We perform Animal Removal services on animals such as Armadillos, Bats, Bees, Birds, Iguanas, Moles, Opossums, Raccoons, Rats, Skunks, Snakes and Squirrels. We are Animal removal specialists in Key West, Big Pine Key, Islamorada, and Marathon, FL. We specialize in the removal and control of wild nuisance pest animals from your Key Largo home.
Key Largo Raccoon Removal is another common animal removal problem we deal with in Monroe County. Raccoons are very clever animals and they have learned to adapt very well to the suburban environment of Key Largo, FL. Raccoons dig through trash, dig up yards and destroy everything to obtain food. Raccoon Removal in Key Largo is critical as the raccoons will get into the attic of your home and do a large amount of damage in a short period of time. Raccoons should not be allowed to stay in your Key Largo attic and should be removed as soon as they are discovered.
Raccoons can be one of the most destructive animals in FL; Raccoons are responsible for over $2 billion annually of the insurance claims throughout the United States. The destruction that raccoons do to your Key Largo area home can be astronomical. The damage that raccoons do in Key Largo area homes are as follows: raccoons tear up your ductwork, raccoons soil your insulation, raccoons cause damage to your attic vents and lastly raccoons pose a threat to your family's health by possibly bringing in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.6413
Retrieved Text: Good Natured in St. Charles: How many animals died because of the extreme cold?
Opossums, with their thin fur and naked tails, are poorly adapted to cold weather and must find proper shelter to survive. A shallow burrow half under a log isn't going to do the trick.
It is shared by Kane County Connects, which asked our resident expert, Good Natured writer Pam Otto, questions about the super-cold. Her answers are edited for length.
Q: How many deer died in our area?
A: Can’t put a firm number on this, but can answer with another question. How many deer were sick, injured or elderly before the cold hit?
Those conditions will put any animal at a disadvantage for surviving. Is it a death sentence? Depends on the severity of the infirmity and the duration of the cold spell.
[A] more optimistic way of looking at things is that healthy deer should be fine. Their preparation for winter began months ago. [In] September, they started shedding their reddish, summer coats and replacing them with the drabber, brown-gray [of] their winter pelage.
Besides color, the fur also has a different texture. It’s longer and thicker and each individual hair is hollow, a neat adaptation to allow the air inside to act as insulator.
White-tailed deer also have an advantage – their metabolism slows in cold weather, [so] calorie intake can be less. This adaptation [and the ability to] eat many different kinds of bark, twigs and shoots means they can browse even when “easy” food like corn is buried under snow.
And most bucks have shed

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.47621
Retrieved Text: Raccoons may be cute and furry, but they can be destructive pests. Discovering garbage strewn across your yard or driveway every morning is an indication that you have a raccoon raiding your trash cans.
Raccoons are omnivores so they will eat both plants and meat. As natural scavengers, they are drawn to the discarded foods in your full garbage cans. Raccoons are very dexterous, so they can easily pry off a lid. To prevent this, make sure your trashcan lids are tightly sealed. Secure a bungee cord through the handles of the lid to hold it in place, or set a concrete block on top of the lid to make it hard to remove.
Raccoons are attracted to your garbage because of the smell. Double bag your waste to diminish the odor.
Two scents that raccoons find unpleasant are ammonia and mothballs. Pour a small amount of ammonia on your garbage, or spread mothballs around the outside of your trash cans to deter animals from getting too close.
Raccoons are nocturnal animals, so they prowl around at night. You can stop raccoons with motion detection lights or sprinklers that are activated by a sensor. Keeping your trash can area brightly lit with flood lights can also be a deterrent to raccoons.
The feel of powder on its paws is annoying to a raccoon. Sprinkle baby powder or even sand around your trashcans to keep animals away.
Fence off the area where you keep your trash cans to prohibit raccoons from having access to them. These animals are tenacious, so be sure the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.406914
Retrieved Text: Mild temperatures and plenty of residential areas make Anaheim, CA, an ideal place for wildlife. Residents frequently spend time outside, sometimes leaving food scraps and garbage in yards. These habits invite nuisance species like raccoons, squirrels, and coyotes to visit local neighborhoods.
These flying mammals can fit through holes the size of a dime. Gaps around pipes, broken vents, and cracked fascia boards are typical access points for bats. When they find their way inside houses, the animals sometimes get trapped in wall voids or fly around bedrooms.
Raccoons eat pet food and trash left outdoors in Anaheim. The more meal sources the pests have, the greater their populations. In California, many of the animals carry raccoon roundworm, and they pass the parasites' eggs in their feces. Residents should wear protective clothing when cleaning up raccoon latrines around woodpiles, porches, and other parts of the yard.
A frequent sight in Anaheim's urban areas, ground and tree squirrels can cause problems for homeowners. When a ground squirrel burrows under foundations, repairs are often costly. A tree squirrel typically gains access to a home by way of branches hanging over roofs. Loose shingles are enough to allow the pests into attics where they tear up insulation and gnaw on wires.
Coyotes can rapidly lose their fear of humans after finding food in neighborhoods. Attacks on dogs and cats are a common concern when coyote packs hunt near homes. Opossums are another nuisance pest in California. To protect her young from predators, a female opossum may den beneath a house or deck.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.24672
Retrieved Text: You are at:Home»Posts Tagged "mammals"
How do wildlife survive in harsh winter weather? Strategies includes heavy fur coats, warm burrows, “anti-freeze,” and other surprises.
The difference between a mouse and a rat. About mouse diseases. Keeping wild mouse as a pet. Humane mice removal. More.
These cute critters are easily identified by their small body with white, black and brown stripes, short legs and lively behavior.
I found a baby squirrel; what should I do? Can squirrels swim? Is it okay to feed squirrels? How do squirrels go down trees so easily?
Why do raccoons wash their food? Raccoons and rabies. Orphaned, rescued raccoons. Are pets safe? More.
My dog got sprayed! How to remove skunk odor. Skunk odor-remover recipe. Can skunks get rabies? Is it OK to feed skunks?
Why do they “play ‘possum?” Do opossums get rabies? Do they hang by their tail? Are they dangerous? What about rabies?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 40.80749
Retrieved Text: Humane Removal. Professional wildlife removal services not only remove the animal from your home; they safely release it elsewhere. Many DIY traps have the potential to seriously injure or even kill the animal. Professionals will check their humane traps regularly to ensure no animals are stuck for an extended period.
Save Time. Trying to pinpoint the location of a tiny critter in your home can take hours, even days, and be totally exhausting. Wildlife removal employees are professionally trained to search and locate the animals, and have them removed as efficiently as possible.
Job Done Right. Some animals, like raccoons and squirrels, nest in hard-to-reach places. During mating season, you may unknowingly trap a nursing mother. This could result in pain, suffering, and even death for her young. Professional wildlife services know what signs to look for to ensure all animals in the household have been removed.
Prevent Future Problems. Mice, raccoons, squirrels, and opossums are cunning and clever creatures. They can access your home through the tiniest of holes, pipes, or crevices. Wildlife experts know exactly what to look for so they can find the points of entry, and block them to prevent future problems.
Peace of Mind. In movies and on TV, raccoons and rats look cute and fluffy. In the dark of night; however, their ominous, scuttling feet and beady black eyes can be terrorizing. If you’ve ever experienced a wild animal infestation, you know how disturbing late-night run-ins can be. At Raider Wildlife Control, we’re committed to providing customers with a thorough and trustworthy service, so

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.661934
Retrieved Text: Do you look forward to stepping into a cosy, warm home each night? You’re not the only one. Whilst most people assume pest infestations are likely throughout the summer, animals and insects actually seek shelter, warmth and food sources for survival during the winter months – and that makes your home the perfect target!
To show you why it is important to stay on top of your pest control all year through, we have listed some of the most common pests found in winter.
Winter Objectives: Mice and rats are scavengers, which means they are always on the hunt for food. So particularly in winter when natural food sources are scarce, they like to enter homes in search for their next meal. Your house is also a great place to keep their growing family nice and warm.
Winter Objectives: Although these ugly looking creatures certainly look like they belong outside, they like to live in small, enclosed areas surrounded by plenty of food, moisture and warmth. Cockroaches also breed in the winter, meaning a small infestation can quickly become a big problem.
Disruption: Cockroaches contaminate food and surfaces as they move around the home. They are known for aggravating asthmatic symptoms, allergies and spreading bacteria, which can quickly transmit to humans and pets – Yuk!
Winter Objectives: Ants are active all year round, but cold weather conditions certainly makes the warm indoors sound very appealing. And since they are looking for suitable new accommodation, your house sounds like the perfect winter vacation.
Disruption: Wherever there is one ant, there are hundreds more.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.537346
Retrieved Text: Animal Capture Wildlife Control's process in los angeles is always humane. We come to your location and start with an inspection. Whether it’s raccoons in your attic, skunks tearing up your garden, or raccoons and skunks under your house. We do it all! We service all cities from Los Angeles to Bakersfield. In a raccoon removal, we identify where the animals are entering the structure. We usually set up 3-5 humane traps to catch the animals. After the animals are trapped, we leave the traps for another 5-7 days with nothing in the traps. Then you know you have trapped all the animal causing the problems. If you leave the traps longer than that you could potentially trap random neighborhood animals that are not causing a problem. There is NO charge for the time length of having the traps at your location in los Angeles. We service all city trapping.
In many cases, people have skunks, raccoons, opossums, Bat, snakes, and other wildlife that enter the home via a doggy door, a window left open, or door left open. We respond immediately in these situations. We always put safety first when it comes to homeowners and animals! Animal Capture comes in and removes the animal in the most humane way possible. We will take the animal out via catch-all pole and put the animal in a trap. This is something I am very comfortable doing. I have been doing this for over 20 years. We service all cities nearby Los Angeles.
Animal Capture Wildlife Control calls for solutions

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.235046
Retrieved Text: We specialize in wildlife control in the Los Angeles area, and we’re experts when it comes to opossum problems in Los Angeles. Most of the calls we get are for opossums in the attic, opossums living in the garage, opossum mothers with babies, opossums living under the home, and opossums ripping vents off the home. We also get many calls from Los Angeles homeowners who are experiencing a major flea problem due to opossums living on the property. Opossums are known to carry a heavy amount of fleas. Most of these problems are solved by trapping and removing the opossums.
When opossums get in the attic it’s usually from the “gable” area of the roof. Most of these areas are left open from when the home was built. If it’s not left completely open and not sealed properly, opossums will rip into the attic in these areas. It is very common for people to use screen to keep opossums out; however, these wild animals are very strong. They can rip through the screen in seconds.
We have seen cases across the Los Angeles area where opossums rip off a vent to the under floor of a home and move in under the bathtub. When your home is built, the contractor cuts a hole in the flooring for all the pipes to run up under the bathtub. More often than not, the contractor does NOT seal up around the pipes. This means the opossums can slip under the bathtub around the pipes and nest in the hollow area around

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.223377
Retrieved Text: Pink dolphins swim in the mighty Amazon River, presented a beautiful and magical sight. They are freshwater dolphins and get their colour because of the blood vessels so close to the skin’s surface. There are various myths and legends surrounding the pink dolphins, and as such they are fairly respected by Bolivian people. As well as in the Amazon River you can also find these graceful creatures in the Mamore, Itenez, and Madeira Rivers.
The slow moving and lazy sloth can be found in Bolivia, and is very easy to spot! They can be found in cities and urban areas as well as in the jungles and forests, and Santa Cruz is a well known place for being able to see sloths just hanging out and not doing an awful lot!
Another interesting animal that lives in Bolivia is the capybara. It is the biggest rodent in the world, and adults usually have really big teeth! A capybara can weigh up to 45 kilograms. They like to live in the water, and many locals associate them more with fish than with mammals.
There are various different species of cat in Bolivia, including the domesticated household cat, ocelots, Andean Mountain Cats, jaguars, and cougars. From the dog family you will find dogs, wolves, and foxes. Obscurely, in the Bolivian Amazon area people have discovered a type of dog that has two noses! Other carnivorous animals in Bolivia include coatis, raccoons, otters, weasels, and skunks.
Bolivia is home to five different types of camelids; camels, llamas, alpacas, guanacos, and vicunas. They are

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.940502
Retrieved Text: Removal solutions for problem raccoons. Our technicians remove raccoons from attics, decks and more. Once animals exit we seal all entry points.
Effective and reliable services for the removal of raccoons. Whether the animals are in your attic or under your deck we can get them out humanely. Our technicians are trained, insured and experienced in solving all wildlife conflicts. Our raccoon removal and wildlife proofing services are guaranteed and are backed by a two year warranty. If you too are experiencing a raccoon problem in Oshawa give us a call: 647-557-7932.
Fully licensed and insured raccoon removal Oshawa professionals. We are committed to humane raccoon removal, exclusion and trapping methods.
Due to these reasons, most homeowners wish to have these mischievous pests trapped and removed from their property. Raccoon Control offers raccoon trapping and removal as well as exclusion services. Depending on the severity of your raccoon invasion, our experts will recommend the appropriate service that will be suitable for your property. In case you have raccoons visiting your property at night and causing destruction to your garden and garbage cans, we will recommend an and exclusion service. But if they are already living in your attic, shed, or garage, you will need a removal service and well as an exclusion service to keep them out for good.
If raccoons have made your home their home call use for immediate raccoon removal Oshawa.
Raccoon problems are common in Oshawa just like in other suburban areas around Toronto. The animals have adapted perfectly and can easily break into attics.
Raccoon entry points

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.649208
Retrieved Text: Ontario Animal Removal & Wildlife Control company is a full-service animal removal company hat provides all types of wild animals services throughout San Bernardino County, California. We provide wild Animal Control services on animals such as Squirrels, Groundhogs, Bats, Snakes, Skunks, Raccoons, Possums, Rats, and Birds. We are Ontarios nuisance animal removal specialist.
Animal removal in Ontario is closely regulated by the County of Ontario and by the state of California to ensure humane and proper treatment of the wild animals of San Bernardino County. Before you hire any animal removal company in Ontario, you should check to make sure they have the proper documentation from the California Department of natural resources and that they have the proper insurance and license to perform any type work to your home. The most common animal problems in Ontario CA, that animal removal expert resolve is squirrel removal, raccoon removal, possum removal, skunk removal, bird removal, and bat removal.
Ontario Squirrel Removal is a very common call in the spring and fall. Squirrels take advantage of the very close housing in Ontario and are often seen jumping from rooftop to rooftop and running back-and-forth on the power lines. Squirrel Removal and Squirrel control in Ontario is on the rise and should be handled as soon as a squirrel problem is discovered in your home or attic. The last thing you want to do is allow the squirrels to stay in your attic! Many homeowners in Ontario California area have need for squirrel removal and control however they do not know who

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.635258
Retrieved Text: When Addie left to come pick me up in Indianapolis Indiana from my bike trip some raccoons discovered we were gone. They attacked our chickens and killed several of them. Since we got back home we have managed to prevent any more chicken murders however we can’t seem to catch the culprits. They seem to refuse to go inside the cage. Instead they drag it around and attempt to dump the cat food out of the can then shake the cage so food falls on the ground. Then they just move the cage out of the way and have their fancy feast. I’ve tried staking the cage down but perhaps not well enough. I’m certain I will catch them eventually though.
I did manage to catch two opossums though. We don’t have a problem with opossums so we let them go.
Tie a piece of chicken meat on the inside of the cage. Make it so they cannot shake it loose. Since they have a taste for chicken, maybe they will brave an attempt at going inside for some.
you cant shoot what you cant see. the second you go out there they take off before they are seen. short of rigging a shot gun shell attached to a cat food can.
got some rotisserie chicken today to try that.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.267307
Retrieved Text: Nuisance animals are basically wild or feral animals who are not wanted in a given location, but who are treated a little differently than the vermin we call "pests."
In general, animals classified as nuisance wildlife must be humanely removed from a building or property. Usually this means trapping and removing them unharmed, and releasing them in a suitable area. In other cases, it may simply mean sealing them out of a building once we know they're not inside.
Sometimes, such as when a trapped animal is sick or injured, they can't be transported and released. In those cases, we have to put the animal down humanely. But whenever possible, the goal is to trap and release an animal unharmed, far enough away that it will no longer create a nuisance.
Squirrels are higher-class rodents than their closely-related but less popular relatives, the rats. There are many species of squirrels, but the gray squirrel shown at the right is one of the more common ones.
Most times, squirrels don't cause any problems. They live in trees, eat nuts, and don't bother anyone. Some people consider them cute, and others even feed them. They actually can become rather friendly when they're fed regularly, and many people find their comical antics entertaining.
But when squirrels figure out that the attic of your house is a much more comfortable home than a hole in a tree, all of the sudden they're not so entertaining anymore.
When squirrels get into homes, that cause all kinds of havoc. They contaminate the home with their droppings and parasites.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.227207
Retrieved Text: More than 100 people packed a public meeting last night to speak against rules that would open bobcat hunting and kill raccoons and coyotes.
More than 100 people packed the seats at a public hearing Thursday night that carried on for more than three hours, largely to implore state officials to stop what many attendees called the "senseless murder" of "innocent animals."
The animals in question: bobcats, coyotes, raccoons and opossums.
The loud and clear message — meant for both the state's Department of Natural Resources and its Natural Resources Commission — was delivered in opposition to two rules being proposed by the department.
The first would create a hunting and trapping season for bobcats, Indiana's only native wild cat and a once endangered species in the state. The second would require animal control workers to kill any coyotes, raccoons or opossums that they catch, rather than being able to catch and release them.
This was the second and final public meeting to discuss the rules — which the DNR first introduced to the Commission in September — before the public comment period on the proposals closes today. Including comments submitted via the internet and mail, the DNR has received more than 2,300 comments on the two proposals.
Many spoke to science, questioning what they say is a lack thereof to justify either of these proposed changes. Others called on morals and what they feel is the responsibility to protect Indiana's wildlife.
"The DNR should be tasked with protecting our natural resources, not depleting them," said a woman who has called Indiana home

================



======= Instance Index 332 =========
Input Text: A young boy decides that he likes dogs better than he likes cats. A reason for this may be that

Which is the correct answer?
- his dogs are cats
- his parents only have dogs
- his parents hate dogs
- his parents are cats

Target Text: his parents only have dogs

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.252163
Retrieved Text: Chelsea (Ms. Biggleworth) is a very beautiful 10yo Dilute Tortoiseshell and of average size. She is a very friendly cat and comes right up to you when approached. Chelsea is also pretty quiet and docile. She is what we call middle aged- about 10 years old and needs a committed family. She is in great health and is still a little playful and would do well in a home with no other pets or young children.
This distinguished car needs a distinguished home. If that sounds like you, learn more HERE!
Edward is a dark and mysterious Guinea Pig. With a sparkling personality this handsome 4 month old male Guinea is sure to steal your heart.
If you would like to spend some time with Edward, learn more HERE.
Kitteh is a 3-4 year old spayed female cat in search of her forever home. She is good with cats (best with nice male cats), dogs, and children, has always been an indoor cat and is housebroken.
Do cats get any better than this one? Reward her with a good home, learn more HERE.
Meet Miles! A wonderful Italian Greyhound, Miles is just waiting for that special family to fall in love with him. He has so much love to give. He plays and cuddles and likes to be around other dogs.
Who could say no to a face like that? See more of Miles HERE.
Stix is a shy boy from Galena. He has a calm demeanor and is 3 years old. He needs a gentle person that he can trust.
Are you the right

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.86873
Retrieved Text: Tucker is about a year old now and is neutered, vaccinated and microchipped. Tucker is no ordinary cat Tucker is a super cat. He doesn’t know that he is a cat and thinks he’s a human hunter. He likes to stalk you and jump on you and chase you around the house. He will take any opportunity when he’s not sleeping or eating to find you and play. He has loads of energy which may obviously change when he is eventually let loose into the world. He is going to be an amazing hunter we just hope he doesn’t bring home any deer or buffalo. He is super boisterous and playtime with his foster mums’ cats and has to be closely monitored as he gets carried away. He doesn’t know he’s getting over excited and can hurt he just thinks everyone is a ruff and tuff boy just like him. When he is eventually quiet he is super cuddly and loves nothing more than snuggling up and purring away. This young man is going to be a very exciting addition to any household. He’s good with cat savvy dogs in fact one of his hobbies is riding foster mum’s jack Russel around the house. Life will not be boring with this young man. We recommend no small children, playful or brave resident cats and humans with a good sense of humour and adventure.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 48.39991
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Sussex Brighton and East Grinstead Branch of the RSPCA. We are an entirely self-funding charity, run by an active committee of volunteers who are trustees of the Branch funds. The Branch is responsible for the Brighton Animal Shelter at Patcham.
re-homing or release. Please take a look at all the animals that currently need re-homing, as well as lots more information on boarding, donating, events, volunteering, and lots more!
Milly came in on the 20th of April due to her owners ill health. She is a little shy at the moment and not very happy in kennels but is starting to come out of her shell. Milly knows sit, beg and her name on command, is ok when groomed, housetrained and ok when left on her own for a few hours. She is a sweet girl who is looking for a quiet, retirement home. Milly is a new arrival who is still being assessed.
Misty came in on the 20th of April due to her owners ill health. She was very shy on arrival but is now a bouncy, happy girl who just needs some time put into helping her confidence. Misty knows sit, stay, come and her name on command, is good when groomed, housetrained and enjoys playing with toys. She can be shy around other dogs so would benefit from further socialisation and has not been tested with cats yet. Misty is a new arrival who is still being assessed.
Henry came in on the 19th of April as he was unwanted. He is a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.253693
Retrieved Text: Hello, my name is Fendi!
Male (Small). Domestic. Young-adult - DOB: 1 July 2015.
Fendi is a sweet black & white boy who was born on 19 July 2015. He is neutered, vaccinated & dewormed. He is great with other cats & doesn’t mind dogs who will leave him be. He is masculine in build and independently affectionate. He’ll come for cuddles and sit on your lap till he gets bored. He also likes to talk & his favorite spot to nap is on the DVD player especially in winter! His family are sadly emigrating.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.823387
Retrieved Text: Boo's Story . . .
First things first! This dog was incorrectly named. He should have been called Tigger as "bouncing is what he does best!" It is clear that A.A. Milne must have grown up with a Springer in his household!
Boo came from a loving family in Maryland who realized that their busy lifestyle was not fair for this non-stop boy. They just did not have the time to devote to him and it was with an exceedingly heavy heart that they passed him to MAESSR truly knowing that he would find a forever home fitting all his needs.
Fully housetrained, Boo uses the doggie door but will circle his humans to tell them he needs to go outside. He is fully crate trained but generally sleeps in the sunroom with the other dogs.
This bouncing ball of fun gets along with everyone he meets. People as young as the 8 year old child in his foster home and their dogs and cats all are viewed as potential playmates to Boo.
With his foster family’s help, Boo is learning proper house manners. He has not been seen counter-surfing or showing any interest in the trash. Good boy! He has his favorite toy which he likes to sleep with but he has no guarding issues with that or food. His foster family has been feeding him apart from the other dogs because eats a lot more slowly than they do and so it takes him longer to finish!
Boo is also learning the basic commands and shows great intelligence along with

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.294685
Retrieved Text: Meet Qwari! This sweet and friendly boy was rescued from the meat farms in South Korea. He is about 6 months old and weighs approx 40 lbs. He is good with other dogs and kids and we assume cats because he likes small dogs. Will you be his hero?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.3574
Retrieved Text: Rusty is a year old Beagle/Terrier mix. He is an affectionate boy with a ton of energy! He is learning better manners and very intelligent. He is housebroken and would be great in a home with other dogs and cats. He is up to date on vaccinations, spayed and micro-chipped. Stop by the shelter today to visit with Rusty!
Boots is a 9 year old female brought to the shelter after her owner could no longer care for her. She likes to sit on laps and be held. Boots is laid back and keeps to herself, but loves attention of all sorts. She is good with other cats and children of any age. Boots is up to date on vaccinations, spayed and micro-chipped. Stop by the shelter today to visit with Boots!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.116787
Retrieved Text: For Adoption - Placing Misplaced Pets, Inc.
is a nonprofit organization based in Pasco County, Florida.
Please visit our adoption application page to get the adoption process started. Thank you for your interest!
Character: Scooby is a male Dachshund. He is a dapple with a wonderful ticked smooth soft coat. He is up-to-date on all vaccines and is heartworm negative. He will be neutered prior to adoption. He loves cats and walks well on a leash. He is somewhat skittish, but working on him feeling more comfortable. He is looking for his forever home!
Character: Azalea is a beautiful young female rescued from Hillsborough County Animal Services. She is between 1 to 2 years young. She is already spayed and is up-to-date on her vaccines, she is even micro chipped! She is very shy with all that she had been through, but we are helping her to trust people again. She is ready for her forever home - is it yours?
Character: Prince was rescued from Hillsborough County Animal Services. He is a young, playful male. He is current on his vaccinations, already neutered and is even micro-chipped. Is there room in your castle for this regal feline? He would love to rule your court.
Character: Nadaya is a young female, with a gorgeous silky black coat. She is already spayed, has had all her vaccines, and is all ready for her forever home. She was shy at first but now likes attention, petting her back and head, but not belly rubs!
Character: Chez is an adult neutered male with gorgeous green eyes.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.984562
Retrieved Text: Check out this handsome boy! His name is Larry and he’s 2-3 years old.
Larry loves to talk and hang out with people, dogs or other cats. He’s searching for his forever home. Could you be the one?
Blue Jay is 3-4 years old and is a super sweet boy!
He even likes taking selfies.
Could you be his forever person?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.24609
Retrieved Text: Baloo is a handsome 4 year old, neutered male German shepherd looking for a new home as he can no longer continue live with his current family.
He is a lovely boy who gets on well with people although he likes to be introduced first. He could live with teenagers and was friendly with our assessor when they visited him.
Baloo isn’t suitable to live with cats but could live with another dog pending successful introductions. He is quite excitable when he sees dogs so needs a dog that can cope with this! He has good recall unless he spots another dog and then he likes to run over to them and say hello.
He has had an operation for elbow dysplasia in the past but this doesn’t bother him currently and he enjoys an active life with his family. He travels well in the car and is happy to be left for a few hours a day.
Baloo’s family are very sad to have to say goodbye to him and if the situation were different he wouldn’t be going anywhere. Could you offer him a new home where he can continue to be loved?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.124176
Retrieved Text: I like the part in online dating where you get to pick from a variety of likes and interests for your profile, and then the site in question likes to highlight all the things you have in common with another person.
I especially like when the site decides that having only a single thing in common is enough.
“Hi Beth. I couldn’t help but notice that you like cats. Well, it’s funny. I like cats, too! In fact, I think they’re delicious!
I couldn’t help but notice that you don’t like dogs though. Well, you haven’t tried my dog muffins!
How about a dinner date?
Yeah. I hope the love of my life and I have more than an appreciation for just cats in common.
Michelle: It’s definitely not enough to know that you both like cats. What a disaster the dinner date would be if one of you liked them with Sriracha, and the other, not!
Zero: What!? Someone doesn’t like Sriracha!? Nooooo. That’s just crazy.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.10115
Retrieved Text: Leo 10 years old 16 lbs (a floofer, for sure!) Orange hypoallergenic Siberian Long Haired cat Spayed/neutered Up-to-date vaccinations NOT declawed CANNOT live with other cats, dogs, or young kids (under 4) Favorite toy: shoelaces Personality: 25% evil/moody, 75% cuddlebug I am currently fostering Leo and am looking to find his forever home. Leo used to live with a single woman for 8 years; she recently had a baby and had to let the cat go, so I took him in. He is a really great cat, but I'm not a cat person so I don't want to keep him long term. He is very affectionate and likes to cuddle and be in the same room with humans. He likes to play and is always eager to explore an available closet. While he is affectionate and nice, he is also distant sometimes and likes to chill by himself (he'll let you know). Face scratches are his favorite thing in the world, and he also loves his scratching post. He likes to cuddle in laps and will even let you pick him up for a minute for kisses. I've had Leo for a week now and have had very few problems. He handled the transition to our home very well, so that should be good for the transition to his forever home. All in all, he's a great--and incredibly soft!!--cat who would be perfect for someone who lives alone or without children. He seems to have very little interest in escaping outside. He can't live with other

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.83762
Retrieved Text: Anubis is a 6-7 year old male Pharaoh Hound. Wow stunning Anubis is a gorgeous deep red Pharaoh Hound. Anubis is a friendly boy, he loves people and adores spending time with his foster family and the children. He is an energetic, playful boy and he just loves attention and cuddles. He really likes to play with toys and also with other female dogs the same size as him, hes not keen on all other male dogs, he likes to pick his friends! He is medium to large sized boy.
Anubis was another abandoned dog after the hunting season had finished- just left him to fend for himself. That’s our gain and their loss!
Foster Report: Anubis is a wonderful boy, he settled in quickly. He loves all his human foster family and he loves his big foster sister a female lurcher they love playing together. The other little dog in the house and he are not such good friends, so either no other dogs in the house or a home with another larger female would be just up his street. He is house-trained and a joy to share a house with.
He walks well on the lead and just loves to travel in the car, if he sees a bird or squirrel he will tug to get at it so this sighthound needs to be on a longline or extendable when walking out. Looking for a rural home with a large secure 6 fenced garden – he would love it and be able to run round unrestricted then.
After

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.80815
Retrieved Text: Lance was recently rescued from the city streets. He’s since been neutered, vaccinated and his blood work came back perfect. He’s a friendly boy, it’s early to know how he’d be with other cats or dogs but he surely likes attention from people.
Lance has been adopted! For other cats looking for new homes, please visit our Featured Felines page, see us at one of our Adoption Days, or contact us.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.63636
Retrieved Text: Link is a handsome and healthy male cat who came to us along with Charlie and Tuffy when their owner passed away. He genuinely loves dogs and could fit into many types of homes. Portrait by David Jensen Photography.
Link is amazing! He is so soft and sweet. He follows me around and seems to want to know what I am doing. He really likes looking out the window at the bird feeders! He is young and playful. He really likes the dogs, and seeks them out to rub his head on. (He came to us with two dogs – Tuffy and Charlie.) He is getting along with the other cats as well.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.54746
Retrieved Text: 31 Ventura Dr., Dartmouth| open 12:30 to 5 p.m. Monday - Saturday.
Contact at (508) 995-6661/ stop by, or on Facebook.
Bates: Young, adult male. Can be a little shy at first but, warms up and would do best in a quiet home.
Tiger: Sweet, 5-year-old tiger-striped male. Gets along with other cats and with kids, would do well in most home situations.
Tigger, not to be confused with Tiger (above): Handsome, 7-month-old orange tabby male, who gets along well with other cats and kids. Likes to see what is going on and is very easy going. Unsure if he gets along with dogs but do know he would make a great addition to your home.
Sheldon: Snuggly, 1-year-old Lab mix male. Really sweet, has medium to high energy level, and will need to go to someone who has dog experience. Needs to be the only dog in the home, and his new family will own their own home. Would do best in an adult home, or one with older children. Would make a great running or hiking partner, and would probably do great with agility.
Skipper: Sweet, 8-month-old black and tan hound mix male. Gets along beautifully with other dogs and kids. Big goofball, who is a high energy pup, and his new family will own their home, have previous dog experience, have children over 10 years old, plus the time and patience to put into this loving pup.
Turbo: Cute, 1-year-old tan Labrador retriever mix male. Can be a little shy at first, but warms up quickly. Medium energy, can be

########
Rank: 16
Score: 43.306816
Retrieved Text: Nacho was originality called Chase, but I decided to change his name as I didn’t feel Chase suited him. He definitely has Chihuahua in him, but he is mixed with something else – possibly Jack Russell or Dachshund. He has always got along brilliantly with the other dogs, but in particular with Tommy. At the time, I had only recently adopted Tommy, but the bond between the boys was so strong, and I really fell in love with this little boy, I decided to keep him. It wasn’t always easy with Nacho. He struggled to be left for any amount of time, he couldn’t even cope if I was in another room and panicked. We took things really slow, and over time, Nacho learnt that being left wasn’t the end of the world, and he can now be left for a few hours without a fuss. Luckily for Nacho, as I work from home, he isn’t left for long often.
He is a ball of fun, and a really happy little boy. He loves to play with anyone, and enjoys a game of fetch. He does have a soft pallet, which means he makes ‘honking’ noises when he’s really excited, but apart from a strange noise, it doesn’t affect him health wise. Tommy has his own facebook page, and even though Tommy likes to be the star, Nacho has gained a few fans and people fall in love with his little smile. When he first arrived, he was very licky and showered everyone in kisses. We have

########
Rank: 17
Score: 43.172737
Retrieved Text: Meet Buster, he's an energetic two-year-old lab/retriever who's up for adoption at Humane Society of Broward County.
Buster's previous owners didn't have him on a heartworm preventive, so Buster is heartworm positive. Luckily, HSBC will treat Buster's heartworm at no additional cost to his new owners! His new family needs to bring him back to the shelter three times for outpatient treatment.
By no means does this affect Buster's personality and energy. He's the perfect companion for jogging and swimming!
Buster has other furry friends who want to be adopted, too! If you're interested in adopting any of the animals you see here visit the HSBC at 2070 Griffin Road Fort Lauderdale, FL 33312. Get your Furry Fix Thursday nights at 10 on SFL-TV!
Fabulous Felton (ID 537738) hopes you’ll have a doggie friend for him to play with. Felton is a 2-year-young, 54 pound Labrador Retriever mix who is very shy – unless there's another dog around. He is going to do best in an adult household where he can get the attention that he needs. Do you have time to devote to Felton to help boost his self-confidence?
(ID 539230) Nina is looking for a place to spend her golden years. Can you make her wish come true? At 11-years-young and 80 pounds, Nina is the oldest dog at the shelter and hopes someone with a big heart will give her a chance. She is potty trained, likes people of all ages, gets along with other dogs, but prefers a home without felines. Nina is calm and gentle and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 43.107918
Retrieved Text: The owner of these kittens cannot keep them any more. They urgently need a permanent home. They are about 3 months old. Their father is a Persian so they have a little longer hair.
​Two female kittens dumped at a temple. They are 2.5 months old. They are very playful.
They are true buddies. Ngern, male and Nuad, female are very close to each other. They have been fully vaccinated and neutered. The previous owner is sick in bed and cannot take care of them anymore.
This three months old female kitten is roaming with the mother in Ladprao area. She is very smart. very adorable and ready for adoption.
Duen & Dawn are 3 months old, very adorable and ready for adoption.
These two female kittens are about 3 months old. They were dumped in Samutsakorn area. They are very friendly.
​About 40 puppies and kitten were found at a parking lot where containers were kept on Chuer-preung road near Bangkok Post office.
Two months old kittens without a mother. They are very much attached to people.
Jaiboon is a five months old male kitten who is still hasn’t been adopted. He is very friendly and is fully vaccinated.
​Samlee is a three months old female kitten who was found roaming alone in a busy area in Hua Hin. She is very attached to people. She has been vaccinated.
Shadow and Midnight are still available for adoption. Since they both are black cats, it’s hard for them to be adopted. They are very friendly. Shadow is a one year old mother cat and Midnight is

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.014153
Retrieved Text: Mack is a 7yo Whippet who arrived with us as his owners are emigrating.
Mack is a sweet boy who likes most other dogs and children, being a sighthound breed he will not be suitable with homes with cats or other furry creatures! Mack needs a garden with a 6ft fence as he has been known to clear smaller fences, especially if there’s a temptation such as wildlife!
This entry was posted in Found a Home and tagged Adoptdontshop, Rescue Dog, Sighthound, Whippet.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.725315
Retrieved Text: Above are the notes directly from my files... so they may be better for only me. If you get stuck or can't find it or have a better description please let me know. I'll review and if your descriptions really are better, I'll change it above.
Wonderful job Niff...Gratz...our guild has a lot of wonderful people in it that enjoy helping others. Any guild member or friend that needs help certainly can find it here. Thanks for the post...Your the best!
thanks Des... going digging in my notes to see what else I can post... Ooo didn't know I had this... eek that picture is kinda bad... but those sleeping pets are cute... no wait maybe this... er... no...opps it's late hear my pillow calling. I'll look for more tomorrow.
Okay he comes when I call.. but I think that is just cause he wants attention or fed.... lol... but will hire himself out to doggy sit. Weird cat.. likes dogs better than other cats. But is best friends with Bruno Des's Dog. We have proof we got pictures.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 42.658504
Retrieved Text: Are Norwegian Forest cats tolerant of dogs?
Are NFC very tolerant of dogs? my Jarl Gra, NFC rescue that is 3 years old, is reasonably tolerant of my older dogs…. we got a puppy and he is still VERY tolerant of the puppy. is this normal for the breed? realize the 8 week old puppy is the same size as the NFC because he is an English Mastiff pup. Today the pup walked over to the cat laying on the floor and stepped on the cat’s tummy, the cat kind of gave him a look like “hey get off” with no noise or paw action….the pup left him alone…..
Charlie Phillips: They are generally very tolerant with dogs. A friend of mine had to stay at my house for a few months as hers was no longer suitable to live in. She had a German Shepherd who loves cats anyway. My wegie adored him as soon as he found out that he was a cat friendly dog.
Carlos Myers: Not had much contact with dogs, but what we have had has been very friendly. Well, in front of people anyway. Our daughter brought her chocolate lab over for the first time when he was very young and, the one time he and Frankie were alone in a room, a yelp was heard and the puppy was a great deal more respectful after that. We also made sure they were never alone again! Any other meetings with other dogs has been fine and Gwen was certainly determined to be best

########
Rank: 22
Score: 42.643097
Retrieved Text: Do your dogs love treats? Be sure to check out the fun review on Miss Molly Says for Jones Natural Treats. Mom Does Reviews has one HERE also!
A big Thank You to our Grand Prize Sponsor- Jones Natural Treats! One lucky reader will win a HUGE Treat box, tailored to the size of your Pup!
This Blog Hop is for fun prizes or Gift Cards for our furry friends. You could win a cute dog sweater, cat treats, toys, bones, gift cards and CASH! Tammie’s Reviews, Giveaways and More is sponsoring a $25 Amazon or Walmart Gift Card to one lucky reader. Winners Choice!
Open to the U.S. only.
Previous post: Kids Academy Apps Updated + Printable Worksheets!
My friend’s cat likes to play with a squeaky mouse because it’s so entertaining.
A pair of my shoes seem to be her “toy” of choice.
Thank You for the giveaway…our dog loves playing with tennis ball i.e. fetching them, occasionally popping them !
Elvis is my 5 yr old Mini Pincher and he has a frog with no stuffing, because Winnie my older dog tore out all of the stuffing out of it. Elvis carries the baby everywhere with him, he sleeps with it and if we take a nap he brings it to bed with us. Winnie has many toys, no favorites, and she tears the stuffing out of all of them.
Our cats love to chase a laser beam dot. They do so until they are worn out!
Stormy likes to play with bouncy balls, squeeky toys, and the cat.
My cats like anything on

########
Rank: 23
Score: 42.459713
Retrieved Text: Long Island, NY ~~ Nino is a sweet and affectionate 5 yr old 30 lb Puggle.
He is a great boy who adores men, (and likes women too!), good with older kids and gets along great with cats and and other dogs.
His foster mom is working on teaching him his commands and socialization skills. Nino likes attention and LOVES car rides! Nino is house trained, up to date on shots, neutered and microchipped.
For additional photos, please visit Nino’s Facebook page or contact us for information or fill out an online application. And thanks for caring about a dog in need!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 42.12372
Retrieved Text: Show me where I start.
Find a horse and cart.
It’s true, Ricky is a country boy through n through! He’s always up for some fun, likes the ladies and if he had thumbs we guess he’d be picking guitar with the best of them. Ricky makes friends wherever he goes! He’s always up for adventure and at the end of the day a good shnug on the couch with his best friend is what suites him best. Ricky currently lives with 8 other dogs and is a favorite in the pack. We’re not sure how he’d do with cats as he’s pretty interested in chasing chickens, but what country boy isn’t!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.093357
Retrieved Text: Alexander's bad day has just gotten worse. His parents announce that they are moving to a new town, where there are no kids his age for one thousand miles. At least that�s what Alexander thinks. So he�s putting his foot down and he is NOT going to move. The sequel to last season�s hit, Alexander and the Terrible Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day, once again stars Greg Morris as Alexander. For kids four and up.
Hi. I�m five-and-a-half now, and I�d like all my friends to see this play about Alexander who had such a bad day last year when I was only four-and-a-half. Now, his Daddy is moving, and he doesn�t want to leave all his friends, so he tries to not move, only he�s just a little kid like me. So there�s not much he can do. He goes to neighbors to try to stay, but one neighbor likes dogs better than boys and another likes girls better than boys and another likes cleaning better than boys (I think I like boys better than dogs and I know I like boys better than cleaning although I can count higher than any of the boys in Ms. Janelle�s class at my school), and Alexander doesn�t want to miss his Mommy and Daddy or his mean brothers who tease him about the time he stepped in doggy poop so he has to move anyway. I don�t know what the big deal about moving is. I wouldn�t mind moving, but my Mommy gets real sad when I

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.72818
Retrieved Text: Lil Shadow is a young boy who is looking for a loving home. His former family adopted him as a puppy so their existing dog would have a friend. Well, unfortunately, their existing dog was not interested in making any new friends. The family was sad and disappointed but wanted to ensure Shadow would find a happy home. They turned to GSROC for help.
This boy likes people and is looking forward to learning all his important puppy skills. He has lots of puppy energy and loves to play. Our volunteers have been working with him to increase his comfort level around other dogs. Now that he realizes that other dogs are willing to play and be his friend, he is much happier.
male If you would like to meet Lil Shadow, please complete the online application and an adoption counselor will contact you.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.649956
Retrieved Text: He likes cats but, not dogs.
He likes cats, but not dogs.
Q 3: Select the correctly punctuated sentence.
The cat is sick but the dog is fine.
The cat is sick, but the dog is fine.
Q 4: Select the correctly punctuated sentence.
It was his father and not his mother who baked the cookies.
It was his father, and not his mother, who baked the cookies.
Q 5: Select the correctly punctuated sentence.
He likes pasta but, not rice.
He likes pasta, but not rice.
Q 6: Select the correctly punctuated sentence.
My name is Ron not Ronald.
My name is Ron, not Ronald.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.58652
Retrieved Text: Dopey wants you to adopt him! How can you resist his adorable face? If you are looking for a wonderful kitten, Dopey would be an excellent choice. His mother had seven kittens soon after she arrived at Paws. All her kittens were named after the Seven Dwarfs. Dopey is actually a smart and lovable kitten. He is a handsome, black and white fellow with wonderful markings. He has a terrific personality and likes to play with his brother, Sleepy. He is litter box trained. Dopey will have his shots and a neuter certificate when adopted. This boy is a fun-loving kitten. He will entertain you as he plays and bring you hours of happiness. Come visit Paws Animal Shelter and adopt Dopey. He is waiting for you. Stop by Paws Animal Shelter located at 1535 West US Highway 36, Urbana, Ohio 43078 or call Paws Animal Shelter at 937-653-6233. The Shelter hours are Tuesday-Friday 12-5 p.m., Saturday 12-4 p.m., Sunday and Monday-closed. There are many wonderful cats, adorable kittens and fun-loving dogs at the shelter waiting for good homes. Paws Animal Shelter has a lot of kittens and cats to feed and is in need donations of Purina Kitten Chow and Purina Complete Cat Chow. Currently we have enough Purina dog chow thanks to generous food donations. We also could use donations of bleach, laundry detergent and clumping cat litter. Paws Animal Shelter is a no kill shelter. We are a nonprofit organization that operates only by donations. We do not receive any city, county or

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.560932
Retrieved Text: Titan is a 5 year old neutered male who is up to date on vaccinations and is heart worm negative. He walks well on lead and gets along well with other large dogs in his household. It is unknown how he would do with small dogs or cats as there are none in his foster home. He likes to play with toys and fetch, and loves a good cuddle. This boy will make someone an excellent companion as he looks to his person for leadership and love.
On physical examination there was no laxity in the stifle, or lower limb. I did find some evidence of pain on extension of the left hip joint. Radiographs of the pelvis showed mild joint incongruity and osteophytosis of the femoral neck (Morgan's line). There was also a mild scerosis of the femoral head. In addition it appeared there could be some evidence of lumbo-sacral disease.
This can be a progressively worsening disease and any adoptive home must realize that Titan can not take rough and tumble play nor periods of moderate to heavy exercise.
UPDATE - Titan has been adopted by his foster Mom!

================



======= Instance Index 116 =========
Input Text: It takes the Earth one year to go around the sun. It takes the moon how long to make one revolution around our planet?

Which is the correct answer?
- 2 months
- 30 days
- 2 years
- a decade

Target Text: 30 days

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.154064
Retrieved Text: On the Praxis Elementary Education exam, you may be asked questions about Earth and the other planets and objects in our solar system. You should also be familiar with how Earth revolves around the sun, and how the moon rotates around Earth.
A year is the time it takes Earth to make one revolution around the sun. A month (the lunar month = 28 days) is the time it takes the moon to make a revolution around Earth.
As Earth revolves, it rotates on an axis, resulting in day and night. The moon also rotates on an axis, and it does so at the same rate of speed as Earth’s rotation. As a consequence, we only ever see one side of the moon as it’s lit by the sun, resulting in the portion of the moon—or phase—we see.
Eclipses happen when either the Earth blocks sunlight from reaching the moon, and it is eclipsed (lunar), or when the moon blocks sunlight from reaching the Earth, and the sun is eclipsed (solar).
Which explains the main cause of a solar eclipse?
During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks sunlight from, or casts a shadow on, the Earth. Choice (A) is an explanation for how the universe was created, more of an ongoing expansion than an actual explosion. Choice (C) is the 28-day period it takes the moon to make one revolution around the Earth. Choice (D) is the main cause of the seasons.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.042355
Retrieved Text: GT Reading Test 23 Section 1 - The Earth & What to do in a fire?
GT Reading: "The Earth" & "What to do in a fire?"
A. The Earth is the third planet from the Sun and it is the only planet known to have life on it. The Earth formed around 4.5 billion years ago. It is one of four rocky planets on the inside of the Solar System. The other three are Mercury, Venus, and Mars.
B. The large mass of the Sun makes the Earth move around it, just as the mass of the Earth makes the Moon move around it. The Earth also turns round in space, so different parts face the Sun at different times. The Earth goes around the Sun once (one "year") for every 365¼ times it turns all the way around (one "day").
C. The Moon goes around the Earth about every 27⅓ days, and reflects light from the Sun. As the Earth goes round the Sun at the same time, the changing light of the Moon takes about 29½ days to go from dark to bright to dark again. That is where the idea of "month" came from. However, now most months have 30 or 31 days so they fit into one year.
D. The Earth is the only planet in our Solar System that has a large amount of liquid water. About 71% of the surface of the Earth is covered by oceans. Because of this, it is sometimes called the "Blue Planet".
E. Because of its water, the Earth is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 48.741573
Retrieved Text: Browse the article What and where is the dark side of the moon?
It takes about 29 days for the moon to make one complete orbit around the Earth. That's also how long it takes the moon to make one rotation around its axis. Because the moon's rotation and orbit take the same amount of time, we always see the same face of the moon no matter when we look at it. It sounds a bit confusing, but the following animation should help clear things up.
If the moon didn't rotate, we would be able to see all sides of its surface. Likewise, if the moon's rotation were faster or slower, we'd eventually get a glimpse of the entire moon. So why does the moon rotate only once each time it orbits the Earth?
The short answer is gravity. The pull on the moon from the Earth has slowed the moon's rotation down to its current speed. Its rotation is locked with the time it takes to orbit the Earth.
Interestingly, the moon is doing the same thing to the Earth. Ever feel like the days are getting longer? They are. But the change is so gradual you'd never notice it. Still, in a few billion years, the Earth's rotation will match the time it takes the moon to orbit the Earth. By that time, the moon and Earth will have drifted apart from each other a bit, which means it will take a little longer for the moon to travel around the Earth -- to the tune of about

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.686604
Retrieved Text: 1) The Moon is a dusty ball of rock, measuring 3,476km in diameter – that’s roughly a quarter of the size of Earth.
2) Its surface is home to mountains, huge craters and flat planes called ‘seas’ made of hardened lava.
3) The Moon is Earth’s only natural satellite – a celestial body that orbits a planet. Its orbit around our planet is shaped like a slightly squashed circle known as an ellipse.
4) It takes 27.3 days for the Moon to travel all the way around the Earth and complete its orbit.
5) Although the Moon shines bright in the night sky, it doesn’t produce its own light. We see the Moon because it reflects light from the Sun.
6) Ever noticed how the Moon appears to change shape each night? That’s because as the Moon orbits the Earth, the Sun lights up different parts of its surface – so it’s just our view of the Moon that’s changing, not the Moon itself. Find out more in our fascinating phases of the Moon feature!
7) As the Moon travels, it rotates on its own axis, just like our planet. It takes roughly the same amount of time for the Moon to make a full rotation as it does for it to complete its orbit. This means we only ever see around 60% of the Moon’s surface from Earth! The part that faces Earth is known as the ‘near side’ and the other, the ‘far side’.
9) Like Earth, the Moon has gravity (the force that pulls things towards the ground). But the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.277744
Retrieved Text: Zodiac is reference plan in astrology. Without Zodiac we can’t accurately map the placement of planets from the earth.
If you are talking about Sun sign then it has less influence on our personality. Let me explain the difference between Sun Sign, Moon Sign and Rising Sign to understand this concept better.
Sun sign is the sign (or Constellation) in which sun can be seen from the earth at any point of time. Since sun will be seen in same constellation for ~30 days, any two people born within 30 days of sun transit between constellations (Sun will be in same position, since earth is moving around the sun we will be observing sun transit) will have same sun sign. Let me explain with an example, everyone knows that earth takes one year to complete one revolution around the sun. Since our point of observation is from earth, sun will be seen in 12 different constellations during 12 months.
Moon sign is the sign (constellation) in which moon seen from the earth at any point of time. Moon takes ~28 days to complete one revolution around the earth, so moon will be viewed in same constellation for ~2.3 days. Any two people born between ~2.3 days between moon transitions will have same moon sign.
Ascendant sign is eastern point of the sign (Constellation) viewed from the earth at any point of time. Earth takes 24 hours to complete its self revolution, so eastern point of the sign viewed from earth will vary for every ~2 hours (24 hours/12 Constellations). From

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.91784
Retrieved Text: The moon's gravitational pull on the Earth causes two bulges of water on the Earth's oceans—one where ocean waters face the moon and the pull is strongest and one where ocean waters face away from the moon and the pull is weakest. Both bulges cause high tides. These are high tides. As the Earth rotates, the bulges move around it, one always facing the moon, the other directly opposite. The combined forces of gravity, the Earth's rotation, and other factors usually cause two high tides and two low tides each day.
At full Moon and new Moon, the Sun, Earth and Moon are lined up, producing the higher than normal tides (called spring tides, for the way they spring up). When the Moon is at first or last quarter, smaller neap tides form. The Moon's 29.5-day orbit around Earth is not quite circular. When the Moon is closest to Earth (called its perigee), spring tides are even higher, and they're called perigee spring tides.
The Moon is a planet?
Our Moon is bigger than Pluto. And at roughly one-fourth the diameter of Earth, some scientists think the Moon is more like a planet. They refer to the Earth-Moon system as a "double planet." Pluto and its moon Charon are also called a double-planet system by some.
The Moon's heavily cratered surface is the result of intense pummeling by space rocks between 4.1 billion and 3.8 billion years ago. The scars are seen as craters and haven’t eroded much as the Moon is not geologically very active, so earthquakes, volcanoes and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.68343
Retrieved Text: The Earth with its moon, as seen from space.
The Earth's Moon is the fifth largest in the whole solar system, and is bigger than the planet Pluto. The Moon has a nearly circular orbit (e=0.05) which is tilted about 5° to the plane of the Earth's orbit. Its average distance from the Earth is 384,400 km. The combination of the Moon's size and its distance from the Earth causes the Moon to appear the same size in the sky as the Sun, which is one reason we can have total solar eclipses.
It takes the Moon 27.322 days to go around the Earth once. Because of this motion, the Moon appears to move about 13° against the stars each day, or about one-half degree per hour. If you watch the Moon over the course of several hours one night, you will notice that its position among the stars will change by a few degrees. The changing position of the Moon with respect to the Sun leads to lunar phases.
Have you ever heard the term the 'far-side' of the Moon? Because of the effect on the Moon of tidal forces due to the Earth, the same side of the moon always faces the Earth. In other words, it takes the Moon the same amount of time to rotate around once as it does for the Moon to go around the Earth once. Therefore, Earth-bound observers can never see the 'far-side' of the Moon. Tidal forces cause many of the moons of our solar system to have this type

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.509575
Retrieved Text: Night sky observer Thomas Cooper snapped this amazing view of the moon and its craters on Aug. 27, 2012.
The moon is Earth's nearest cosmic neighbor, but it is more than just a big pretty light in the sky.
Here are 10 cool, and sometimes surprising, facts about Earth's nearest neighbor: the moon.
Japan's National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology.
Perhaps the coolest thing about the moon is that it always shows us the same face. Since both the Earth and moon are rotating and orbiting, how can this be?
Long ago, the Earth's gravitational effects slowed the moon's rotation about its axis. Once the moon's rotation slowed enough to match its orbital period (the time it takes the moon to go around Earth) the effect stabilized. Many of the moons around other planets behave similarly.
As the moon swings around on its orbit, a thin sliver of reflected sunlight is seen on Earth as a crescent moon. Once the Moon is opposite the Sun, it becomes fully lit from our view — a full moon.
More than 400 trees on Earth came from the moon. Well, okay: They came from lunar orbit. Okay, the truth: In 1971, Apollo 14 astronaut Stuart Roosa took a bunch of seeds with him and, while Alan Shepard and Edgar Mitchell were busy sauntering around on the surface, Roosa guarded his seeds.
Later, the seeds were germinated on Earth, planted at various sites around the country, and came to be called the moon trees. Most of them are doing just fine.
NEXT: More Than One Moon?
The moon

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.81636
Retrieved Text: Each month, Scott Levine looks at a single word that can tell us about the workings of the Universe, with a quick sketch to outline his thoughts.
This month, Scott's word is one that is very important to lunar observers: 'month'!
If we could permanently settle on other planets of the Solar System, what might our calendars look like?
Even though the guinea pig photo wall calendar near my desk says it’s still the middle of November, this weekend’s new Moon brings us to the start of a new month; a lunar month.
The month is an interesting way to measure time. A day represents one rotation of an object. A year is one revolution, usually around a star; the Sun.
It’s convenient to talk about the length of days and years at other places compared to Earth’s: “Uranus’s year is 12 Earth years long”. But those places have their own days and years that have nothing to do with Earth’s.
The month is rooted in human experience, tied to our view of the Moon. Venus? No one’s rushing to monthly status meetings there.
Astronomers use several different types of month.
A draconic month is the time the Moon takes to orbit from a node, one of the two points where its orbit crosses the plane of Earth’s orbit around the Sun (the ecliptic), and back.
A sidereal month is the length of one lunar orbit relative to the background stars.
An anomalistic month is the time from one perigee, the closest point in its orbit around Earth, to the next. All of these are around

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.706703
Retrieved Text: Good morning you stellar creatures! For this Friday's fun facts, I'm going to take you to the stars. But first, a weightloss tip - go to the moon. You'll weigh one sixth of your weight there.
Sadly, this option is getting harder and harder - the Moon moves about 3.8 centimetres away from Earth every year. No wonder Elvis was singing about a blue moon - it was 2.3 meters closer to Earth back then!
The word "astronaut" comes from the Greek word “Astron” meaning star, and “nautes” meaning sailor. The Russian "cosmonaut" (those are the guys who have orange space suits) has a similar etymology with "Kosmos" changing it to "universe sailor". How badly do you want to be a cosmonaut now?
The original star sailors, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins were not covered by life insurance when they set off for the moon on Apollo 11. To protect their families in the event that they died, they each signed photographs of themselves to be auctioned off.
One day on Venus is longer than one year on Venus. It takes the planet 224.7 Earth days to orbit the sun, but it takes 243 Earth days to rotate on its axis just once!
And finally, for the ultimate cool factor, please step aboard NASA's virtual tour of the moon!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.63915
Retrieved Text: The Inner Planets are Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars. These are the four planets closest to the Sun. Although each planet is very different from each other, they do all share a number of characteristics. The main similarities are that they all have solid surfaces, are fairly similar in size, especially when compared with the Outer Planets, possess a small number of moons and take a relatively short length of time to complete an orbit around the Sun. In space terms, they are also quite close to each other. The diagram below shows the orbits of the four Inner Planets. It shows how close they are to each other when compared to Jupiter, the first of the Outer Planets.
Mercury is the closest planet to the Sun, and the second smallest in the Solar System. It has a surface covered in craters, just like Earth's Moon, and has temperatures which can reach up to 350 °c on its sunlit side and -170°c on its dark side. A year on Mercury (the length of time it takes for the planet to orbit the Sun) lasts for only 88 days, although a day (the length of time it takes for the planet to turn completely on its axis) takes 59 days. Mercury has no atmosphere, so the sky appears dark all the time.
Venus is the only inner planet in the Solar System to turn in a clockwise direction on its axis, and it does this very slowly, taking 243 Earth days to do so (so a day on Venus

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.52126
Retrieved Text: Develop an understanding of the scale of the Solar System, starting from the closest object to the farthest.
Use numeracy skills to calculate how long it would take to travel to different parts of the Solar System.
1. Ask for two volunteers, one will hold the globe the other will hold the "Moon". Ask the group how far they think the Moon lies from the Earth. The volunteers should move closer or farther apart as directed.
2. Let the students guess a few times, then explain that you could fit 30 Earths into the space between the Moon and the Earth! It is 239,000 miles!
3. Measure the diameter of the globe you are using and ask the students to multiply this number by 30. Measure the distance on the floor to demonstrate the exact distance to scale. How long do the students think it takes to travel this distance in a rocket?
In 1969 it took the astronauts over 4 days to travel to the Moon. Today, the fastest rocket in the world is called New Horizons. New Horizons travels can travel at amazing speeds of around 36,373 miles per hour.
4. Ask your students to work out how long it would take to travel to the Moon aboard New Horizons.
5. Now ask the students what is the closest object to the Earth beyond the Moon. In the next part of the activity they will learn the size of the Solar System by measuring the distances between the planets.
6. Get a piece of string and either draw a thick stripe or

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.09488
Retrieved Text: The word Supermoon came into popular use in 2011, where three Supermoons in a row graced the night sky. Shown here is the central one, observed over Munich, Germany. Supermoons are brighter and closer than any other full Moons experienced on Earth, corresponding to lunar perigee coinciding with the full phase.
On Tuesday, February 19th, the Moon will reach perigee, its closest point of approach to planet Earth. On that same day, just a few hours earlier, its surface will be 100% illuminated by the Sun, creating a perfectly full Moon. This combination of the Moon's closest approach to Earth and the Moon reaching its moment of greatest illumination together not only creates a Supermoon, but one that's maximally bright as seen from Earth.
From the Americas, the biggest, brightest moments will come before dawn early Tuesday morning; for Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia, the best views will be after sunset on Tuesday night. If you're only going to see the Moon once this year, this is the ultimate time to do it.
But if you miss it, you won't get a Supermoon as big or bright in the sky again for another 7 years: until 2026. Here's the reason why.
The Moon appears to migrate by 12 degrees per night from its prior location in the sky: the same angular distance that you see by throwing the heavy metal horns at arm's length. The phase of the Moon changes as well from night to night, based on its motion around the Earth relative to the Sun.
Every 29.53 days, the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.89251
Retrieved Text: Yesterday, all the Year 3s and Year 4s got on a bus to go to the Stardome.when we made it on the bus we drove all the way to stardom. When we made it to stardome we came sat down to learn all about space. I learn that earth has one star the sun. When it was finish we all got one tablet each when I got my turn I got it wrong.
At the Stardome, we learned some really cool things about our solar system. When we done our quiz we all took are tablet back. When we did we all sat down and watch a movie about space. When we were watching a movie and I learn that mars has two moons.
When we weren’t in the Stardome, we were having fun outside. When we ate our lunch we went off to play. When we did I went on the spinning wheel 4 times. Then a went on the flying fox 1 time.
After all this, we headed back to Point England School. when we got on the bus people was sleeping. When I was tiyud I almost fell of the chair. When we made it back to school every one was laing down and some ander a tree then we play games.
thee amount of the moon depends how much it lift up. This amount changes each day depends position and relation to the sun and thee earth as thee moon makes it way around thee earth. You see the Bright parts of the moon surfaces at

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.71464
Retrieved Text: Astronomy 101. Phases of the Moon, Lunar Eclipse, Solar Eclipse, and More. Earth, Sun, and Moon.
An amazing and rewarding hobby.
Ever since I was very young, I have always loved astronomy. I stayed up late with my parents to find constellations in the sky and observe the moon through a telescope. I soaked up all of the information about the solar system and stars when I was in school, and I took a few astronomy classes in college, always staying after class to use the university's telescope with my professor.
If you are a seasoned sky watcher, you know how eerie and amazing it can be to see something larger than yourself in the sky. This could be a comet, a shooting star, the rings of Saturn, or the moons of Jupiter.
If you're just getting interested in viewing stars and planets, you will find it to be a wonderful hobby. This short hub will cover a few basics for you, including the phases of the moon, solar and lunar eclipses, and some very elementary astronomy terms.
The following illustration shows the position of the moon relative to the Earth and Sun, and what "phase" this appears to us as.
The sun shines from the right, leaving half of the moon in darkness at all times. It takes about a month for the moon to revolve around the Earth. So, when we see a full moon, the moon is on the opposite side of the Earth than the sun.
half moon, or quarter moon.
When is the best time to look at the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.60117
Retrieved Text: Solar Eclipse–Yeah, There’s an App for That!
Millions of Americans can’t wait for Monday when “The Great American Eclipse” takes it’s track across across the contiguous states. This will be the first time in 38 years that a total eclipse has been viewable in the US, so we’re a just little excited too!
Here are a few tips for viewing Monday’s celestial event, and yes, there’s an app to help you plan!
A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes in front of the Sun, thus blocking out its light. The Moon is only ¼ the size of Earth, so it pales in comparison to the size of the Sun. But, because the Sun is 94 million miles away from our planet, when a total solar eclipse occurs, the Moon blocks the Sun’s rays over a small part of Earth’s surface.
Solar eclipses are rare because the Moon must be in the “new moon” phase, which means it’s between Earth and the Sun. So, we’re “seeing” the dark side of the Moon, which makes it invisible. The new moon occurs every 29.5 days.
The reason we don’t see total eclipses very often has to do with the way Earth “wobbles” and the changing position of the Moon. Because of this, the Moon’s shadow typically falls above or beneath the Earth’s surface. Generally, the Moon and Earth’s orbits line up and an eclipse line up twice a year.
For the most part, the Moon is too far away from the Sun so that it doesn’t cover it completely. Monday’s eclipse will be unique

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.49365
Retrieved Text: Eclipses occur when the sun or moon, depending on the situation, is obscured. Sometimes these eclipses are total and sometimes they are partial.
Astronomers use many terms to describe what happens during an eclipse, and this glossary shows some of the more common things they say. This glossary is based upon descriptions from NASA and the Canadian Space Agency.
Annular eclipse: A "ring of fire" solar eclipse that happens when the moon's size (as seen from Earth) is not quite big enough to cover the entire sun. This happens when the moon is at apogee, or the closest approach to Earth in its orbit.
Contacts: The four points of contact that happen during an eclipse. First contact takes place when the partial phase of the eclipse begins. Second contact takes place when a total or annular phase begins. Third contact takes place when the total or annular phase ends. Fourth contact takes place when the partial phase ends.
Corona: The tenuous upper atmosphere of the sun that is usually only visible if you use special filters while observing the sun. During a solar eclipse, however, the corona is visible because the moon blots the sun's disc out from the perspective of Earth.
Photographer CJ Armitage of Brisbane, Australia captured this stunning view of the sunset solar eclipse on April 29, 2014 during the first solar eclipse of the year. A partial solar eclipse was visible from most of Australia during the event, with an annular solar eclipse occurring over a remote area in Antarctica.
Eclipse magnitude: During a solar eclipse, this describes

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.30852
Retrieved Text: As we all know the moon and sun rise in the East and set in the West, so the question becomes why did the eclipse of the sun show up from West to East across the United States.
Now I saw many explanations on cable TV and on You Tube to explain this phenomena and most were very hard to understand, I think, to the average viewer like me - they had to do with how fast the earth makes one full rotation, 24 hours, as opposed to the moon which is going twice the speed, even though it takes almost one full month to rotate around the earth [the reason it takes longer even thought it is going faster is because of the far distance the moon is from the earth].
The best explanation I saw was this video from NASA Scientific Visualization Studio web site, that basically shows, while the moon will be over the East coast of the United States, it's shadow with relation to the sun will occur on the West coast...and as the moon is getting closer to the West coast [because of the speed of its rotation-even though the moon and earth are going in the same direction] it's shadow [because of the relation to the sun] will be moving towards the East coast.
So, for scientific dummies like me, this was very helpful in understanding why the total solar eclipse was occuring in the United States from the West coast first, to the East coast.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.197643
Retrieved Text: Natural events that happen once in a decade are exciting, and people watch out for them keenly. Those that occur once in a Jubilee are fascinating, and the world celebrates them. However, those that happen in a century or more are remarkable and extraordinary events. Did you know that a super blue blood moon is about to occur on 31 January 2018? The last time it happened was 31 March 1866, which is 151 years ago.
It means this event will be a new experience for everyone on earth regardless of how old they are. As you can now tell, the occurrence of a super blue moon is rare. That might explain why so many people are unaware of what it is. Here is a breakdown of it.
We can see the sunlight that reflects from the moon to the earth. The revolution of the moon around the earth means that we mostly see a portion of this light from the earth. We see more of the moon as it moves farther from the sun during its revolution around us.
A full moon occurs when you can see the entire moon because the earth is between it and the sun. At this stage, the moon lies slightly above or below its alignment with the sun. That means the earth will not block the sun’s light from reaching it even though it lies between the two bodies.
Usually, a full moon occurs once in one month. A lunar revolution takes 29.5 days to happen while the Gregorian calendar has an average

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.027695
Retrieved Text: In this lesson you will learn more things about our planet: the Earth.
ACTIVITY 1: EXPERIMENT. Which is the structure of the Earth?
First of all, you will discover that the Earth is made of layers, somewhat similar to a hard-boiled egg.
Begin by peeling the shell of the egg off. Answer the following question before continuing to dissect the egg.
What is the outer layer of the Earth called? ___________________________________.
The next layer of the egg is the white part. It is the middle layer. You will cut through this layer until you reach the yellow portion.
The only remaining portion of the egg is the yolk, the layer at the center of the egg.
ACTIVITY 2: BRAINSTORMING. What we know about day and night?
Look at the following pictures and describe them in pairs. The following questions may help you.
• How do we know it is day? What might we see if it is day?
• How do we know it is night? What might we see if it is night?
Then, write your facts down in a T-CHART.
ACTIVITY 3: LISTENING TASK. Listen and watch carefully the following video about rotation and revolution Earth's movements.
Then, pair up and complete the following table about what you have watched using the above statements.
- Earth takes one year and six hours to complete one orbit.
- Earth takes one day or twenty-four hours to complete one rotation.
- The Earth's revolution causes the seasons.
- The Earth's rotation causes day and night.
- The Earth has a revolution movement.
- The Earth rotates constantly and in the same direction, that’s why the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.733917
Retrieved Text: The Moon spins like a top on its axis as it travels around the Earth, and at the same time the Earth is orbiting the Sun. The Moon's orbit is slightly elliptical and its mean orbital radius is 384 400 kilometres. At closest approach (perigee) the orbital radius is 356 000 kilometres and at its greatest distance (apogee) it is 407 000 kilometres.
The Moon takes 27.3 days to go once around the Earth and it also takes this time to rotate once on its own axis. Because of this, we always see the same side of the Moon from Earth. As the Moon orbits the Earth, the angle between the Earth, Moon and Sun changes, and we see this as the cycle of Moon's phases (Figure 6.15). The time between successive new moons is actually 29.5 days, slightly different from the Moon's orbital period (measured against the stars), because the Earth moves a significant distance in its orbit around the Sun in that time.
The Moon appears to wobble on its axis because its orbit is elliptical. As a result we can see a few degrees of the far side of the Moon's surface from time to time. Most of the far side was completely unknown until the Soviet spacecraft Luna 3 photographed it in 1959. The far side of the Moon gets sunlight half the time. Whenever we see less than a full moon, some sunlight is falling on the far side. Throughout each cycle of lunar phases, both sides of the Moon get equal amounts

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.57688
Retrieved Text: Both lunar and solar eclipses are the processes that have three celestial bodies in common: the Sun, the Moon and the Earth. The lunar eclipse takes place when Earth goes through the Moon and the Sun, so its shadow hides the Moon fully or partially. As for solar eclipse, it happens when the Moon is situated between the Earth and the Sun, blinding the part of the Sun.
The eclipses are divided into three types: total, partial or annual ones. Total solar eclipse occurs when the Moon fully blinds the Sun. Partial eclipse takes place, if only one part of the Sun is hidden. Annular eclipse occurs when the Moon is at its highest peak on the orbit, as it can't fully block the Sun we can see a small circle of light shining from the Moon in the sky.
What is the difference between solar and lunar eclipse?
The first thing is: lunar eclipse is possible only at night, while the solar one can be during the day. Each eclipse has a particular time, when it happens. When the full Moon is fairly opposite the Sun, the lunar eclipse takes place. You understand that full Moon can be seen every month, but lunar eclipse has another schedule. The lunar eclipse is possible only when the Sun is in precise line with the Earth and the full Moon. However, the lunar orbit is 5 more degrees bent than our planet, that's why we don't see a lunar eclipse every full Moon.
Lunar eclipses are easier for us to forecast than

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.37506
Retrieved Text: View from space shows the terminator on the Earth and moon.
Earth rotates completely on its axis about every 24 hours. This rotation, in combination with Earth’s position relative to the sun, produces the cycles of day and night. In this lesson, students make a “mini-globe” to investigate the causes of day and night on our planet.
Our lives, and those of other organisms on Earth, are shaped in countless ways by the cycle of day and night. This repeating sequence of light and darkness is caused by the spinning of our planet and its position relative to the sun.
Earth, like other planets in our solar system, revolves around the sun in a slightly elliptical orbit. It takes about 365 days—one year—for Earth to go around the sun. Other planets require more or less time to complete their orbits, and their years are correspondingly longer or shorter than Earth’s. In any case, a year is defined as the amount of time it takes a planet to make one complete revolution around the sun.
As Earth orbits the sun, it also rotates, or spins, on its axis. It takes about 24 hours—one day—for Earth to complete a single rotation. As students will discover through the activities in this unit, the functions of living organisms on Earth are linked to this 24-hour cycle.
During each 24-hour period, most locations on Earth will experience several hours of sunlight (day) followed by a period of darkness (night). Solar noon is the moment at which the sun reaches its highest point in the sky in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.080975
Retrieved Text: The term king tide has no scientific definition – in popular usage it refers to any high tide well above average height. The popular concept is that the king tides are the higher high waters which occur around Christmas time. Equally high tides occur in the winter months but these are at night and not as obvious as those at Christmas which generally occur during the day.
2.17m on the Sunshine Coast.
In any 1 year there will be 2 spring tides that are the highest, 1 during summer and 1 during winter. These are referred to as king tides. The king tides occur because of the combined influence of a number of astronomical factors related to the Sun and the Moon (and their alignments) and the gravitational attraction they each have on the water surface of the Earth.
The earth moves around the sun in an elliptical orbit that takes a little over 365 days to complete. The sun has an influence on the tides. Its gravitational force is greatest when the earth is closest to the sun (perihelion – early January) and least when the sun is furthest from earth (aphelion – early July).
The moon has a larger effect on the tides than the sun. The moon moves around the earth in an elliptical orbit that takes about 29 days to complete. The gravitational force is greatest when the moon is closest to the earth (perigee) and least when it is furthest from the earth (apogee – about 2 weeks after perigee).

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.868332
Retrieved Text: On Monday, August 21st, millions of Americans across the U.S. had the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to witness one of the wildest phenomena in all of creation: a total solar eclipse.
The path of totality ran from across the U.S. from Oregon to South Carolina. If you weren’t in the eclipse’s path of totality and you didn’t travel to see it, don’t worry—one will visit you once every 380 years or so—just make sure you have some eclipse glasses or handheld solar viewers!
In all of space, total solar eclipses are a crazy anomaly. The moon’s radius is 1,737 km, and the Sun’s is 695,700. That means that the moon is approximately 400 times smaller than the Sun but, somehow, it’s able to blot out the Sun’s light, only revealing it’s beautiful corona.
That’s because the Earth is 384,402 km away from the moon, and the moon is 147 million km from the Sun—so roughly 400 times farther away. That Earth-to-moon-to-Sun ratio—the fact that the moon is 400 times smaller than the Sun, but also 400 times closer to the Earth—is what makes it possible for us to see a total eclipse the Sun.
Scientists believe that the Earth may be the only place in the Solar System where a total solar eclipse is possible.
If you packed a bag with a stick of dynamite and a match, and set it in a dark corner, how long would it take for an explosion to happen? Everywhere in nature, there has to be a starter—a first force to initiate any process. So, who banged

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.672596
Retrieved Text: It is a known fact that the Earth has one moon, but scientists have spotted a mini moon that is orbiting around the planet. The mini moon goes by the name 2016 HO3. Yet, the said mini moon is technically an asteroid.
The discovery was made by NASA scientists from the Planetary Defense Coordination Office (PDCO) located in Mount Haleakala in Hawaii. 2016 HO3 is an asteroid, or quasi-satellite, that has been "caught in a little dance with the earth." NASA estimates that the object is 120 feet and 300 feet in diameter.
"One other asteroid -- 2003 YN107 -- followed a similar orbital pattern for a while over 10 years ago, but it has since departed our vicinity. This new asteroid is much more locked onto us," stated Paul Chodas, the manager of NASA's Center for Near-Earth Object (NEO) Studies.
This mini moon is around 100 times the distance of the moon from planet earth. The space agency also adds that the mini moon joins a few other space rocks that have come into close contact with the earth.
"Since 2016 HO3 loops around our planet, but never ventures very far away as we both go around the sun, we refer to it as a quasi-satellite of Earth," explained Chodas, adding, "Our calculations indicate 2016 HO3 has been a stable quasi-satellite of Earth for almost a century, and it will continue to follow this pattern as Earth's companion for centuries to come."
2016 HO3 reportedly moves in sync with planet earth. Researchers add that it takes the asteroid 365.93 days

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.462734
Retrieved Text: Eight planets orbit around the sun in our solar system, and the Earth is the third furthest from the sun. Illustration by Jarin Ashimine ('20).
Hello everyone and welcome to my third post!
So far, I have focused on how to easily find a few objects in the sky such as the moon and the Orion Nebula. In this post, you will learn more about our very own solar system and the planets within it.
The solar system is a gravitationally bound system made up of the sun and the objects that orbit it. Eight large planets along with their moons orbit the sun, along with smaller objects, such as dwarf planets, asteroids and comets. Our very own Earth is one of the eight main planets in the solar system and is the third planet from the sun. It is the only planet known to harbor life but we soon may find signs of living organisms on the red planet Mars, the fourth planet from the sun. Earth takes 365 days to go around the sun once (we call this a calendar year) while Mercury, the closest planet to the sun, takes just 88 Earth days. Neptune, the furthest from the sun, takes a whopping 165 Earth years.
Scientists estimate that the Solar System formed around 4.6 billion years ago from the gravitational collapse of a giant interstellar molecular cloud. This means that a cloud of gas and dust in space was disturbed, maybe by the explosion of a nearby star, which is called a supernova. This explosion made waves

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.37343
Retrieved Text: We all know and love the moon. We’re so assured that we only have one that we don’t even give it a specific name. It’s just The Moon. But the moon is not the Earth’s only natural satellite. Here’s what you need to know about 3753 Cruithne and what its weird orbit reveals about the solar system.
This simply means that Cruithne doesn’t loop around the Earth in a nice ellipse in the same way as the moon, or indeed the artificial satellites we loft into orbit. Instead, Cruithne scuttles around the inner solar system in what’s called a “horseshoe” orbit.
What’s unique about Cruithne is how it wobbles and sways along its horseshoe. If you look at Cruithne’s motion in the solar system, it makes a messy ring around Earth’s orbit, swinging so wide that it comes into the neighborhood of both Venus and Mars. Cruithne orbits the sun about once a year, but it takes nearly 800 years to complete this messy ring shape around the Earth’s orbit.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.32276
Retrieved Text: Pluto is a real jewel. The planet, that is.
Pluto is a small dwarf planet and was formerly known as the ninth planet of the Solar System, and it is located in the Kuiper Belt at a distance from the Sun of 4.4 to 7.3 billion kilometres (2.7 to 4.5 billion miles), depending on its position in orbit.
The diameter of Pluto is roughly 2370 kilometres (1473 miles), which is equal to around 0.18 of Earth’s diameter, and it has a volume equal to approximately 0.0064 of Earth and a mass equal to 0.178 of the Earth’s moon.
Pluto has five official moons that orbit the planetary body, listed in order from largest to smallest: Charon, Hydra, Nix, Kerberos and Styx.
It takes almost 248 years for Pluto to complete a single orbit around the Sun, orbiting at a speed of 4.7 kilometres per second (2.9 miles per second).
In the late 1800s there were suggestions of a ninth planetary body due to a strange observation in Neptune’s gravity field, and this led to further investigations that were conducted from 1906 until Pluto’s existence was discovered in early 1930 by Clyde Tombaugh.
‘Pluto’ was named after the Roman god of the underworld, suggested by the then 11-year old British girl, Venetia Burney, and the suggested name reached authorities through family and friend contacts.
Before its discovery, Pluto was referred to as ‘Planet X’, although this term has been scientifically revoked after a general consensus that they were not the same planet, and that Planet X never existed.
Pluto has an orange, black, and white

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.20659
Retrieved Text: Why Is Time In A Hurry? : 13.7: Cosmos And Culture In reality, Earth's days are getting longer. To change our perception that time goes more quickly as we age, we need to carve in a bit of time to just be, says astrophysicist Marcelo Gleiser.
We humans have this uncanny ability to tell time and create schemes to measure its passage.
Time is our greatest ally and our greatest enemy.
We exist in it, are bound by it. We all have a story, with a beginning, a middle, and an end. The beginning, we haven't much of a choice about; it just happens, thanks to our parents. The middle, well, that's the challenge, what to do with the decades we have allocated to us; how to live a life of meaning, given the many compromises, disputes and limitations of existence. And the end, the unspoken, the terrible finality of life, the elephant in everyone's closet, the ultimate demonstration of our powerlessness against nature's unrelenting force. That one we speak little of, naively believing silence equates with oblivion.
No wonder people feel time is hurrying up as they age. I hear this often, people asking whether there is some kind of astronomical phenomenon going on that's speeding up time. This time is, essentially, the duration of a day, the precise ticks and tocks of clocks. And it turns out that, at least astronomically, the very opposite is happening. Existential time, of course, is another story.
A day is defined in different ways and it has different names. As a unit of

================



======= Instance Index 178 =========
Input Text: A beaver is going to experience a long winter in the upcoming months. The beaver knows that the weather is changing, so it begins to eat more and more food, knowing that it can survive meager months by being

Which is the correct answer?
- overweight
- weighted
- underweight
- starved

Target Text: overweight

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.771557
Retrieved Text: From perfectly manicured slopes to legendary Back Bowls, these two ski resorts in Colorado provide endless excitement and adventure for visitors every winter. Vail and Beaver Creek consistently rank as two of the best ski resorts in the country, which is why so many skiers and snowboarders flock to these beloved mountains every year. Both Vail and Beaver Creek are great destinations for skiers of all levels, so you're sure to enjoy their breathtaking beauty and great trails no matter how experienced of a skier you are. When you begin planning your next trip to either Vail or Beaver Creek, you should work with Vacatia to book your accommodations. Vacatia can help you sift through the selection of Vail three star resorts as well as three star Beaver Creek resorts until you find the perfect vacation rental for your upcoming winter getaway. Vacatia strives to provide travelers with high-quality vacation rentals in desirable locations, such as the beautiful resort towns of Vail and Beaver Creek. So let Vacatia help you make the most of your time in the picturesque mountains of Colorado by finding a vacation rental that exceeds your expectations.
Colorado is known for its abundance of natural beauty and its idyllic weather, and the very best aspects of Colorado are continuously on display in towns like Vail and Beaver Creek. Whether you choose to visit Vail or Beaver Creek for your upcoming ski trip, you should let Vacatia help you find the best vacation rental available. When you book your accommodations through Vacatia, you could

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.457447
Retrieved Text: AVON, CO (Nov. 17, 2016) – After meeting with the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association (USSA) and Beaver Creek’s event organizing committee, the International Ski Federation (FIS) has determined that due to unseasonably warm weather and unfavorable future forecasts, the 2016 Audi Birds of Prey FIS World Cup at Beaver Creek, CO will be canceled. The FIS will make an official announcement on Friday, Nov. 18.
A recent shift in weather patterns has brought snow and colder temperatures to Beaver Creek Resort and the Vail Valley. However, winter conditions did not arrive in time to allow race crews to create the demanding, 8,600-foot-long Birds of Prey courses. Beaver Creek Resort is still scheduled for a Wednesday, Nov. 23 opening day, conditions permitting.
This year marks 50 years of FIS Ski World Cup and Vail was one of the original sites on the tour, hosting a giant slalom in March of 1967. The Vail Valley Foundation has held World Cup ski racing in Beaver Creek since 1988, and specifically on the Birds of Prey course since 1997. The Vail Valley Foundation also led the effort to bring the FIS Alpine World Ski Championships to Vail and Beaver Creek in 1989, 1999 and 2015.
The main elements of the EverBank America’s Winter Opening festival, including concerts from Strange Americans on Dec. 1, Bonfire dub and Beers of Prey beer tasting on Dec. 2 and a showing of Red Bull Media House’s new film The Fourth Phase on Dec. 3, are still scheduled to occur at the Vilar Performing Arts Center in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.95763
Retrieved Text: It started last fall when we had a beaver move in the small stream beside our house. He immediately began taking down small trees, and within a couple of weeks our small stream turned into a small pond. Everyday he added more to his damn and to his house.
With the stream now damned and his house built, we thought that would be the last of the beaver's busy activity as winter set in. But, to our amazement, he started chewing on a very large maple tree. And, we mean large. The tree is over 60 feet tall and is approximately five feet in diameter at the base. We were amazed at the challenge this beaver was attempting. Over the winter, he would come out and chew a bit more. He had setbacks as we faced major winter storms and freezing weather. We thought that he will never chew through this tree. But sure enough, when the weather allowed, he kept coming back and would chew a bit more.
The beaver's original goal was survival – to build a home for the winter. Working every day with that particular focus in mind, he achieved that goal. But the large maple tree he started chewing on last fall was a future goal – he wanted the large tree for the spring, to provide new food and branches to continue damning in anticipation of the spring thaw. And, even with the setbacks he faced over the winter, he never gave up.
Our point in sharing our beaver experience with you is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.199142
Retrieved Text: Scarecrow: Curiosity’s Earthbound Brother Several rovers were in action at the JPL Open House that took place in Pasadena, CA this past October. “Scarecrow”, the earthbound surrogate of Mars Rover Curiosity, was on display and put through its paces for attendees to watch. Named Scarecrow because “it doesn’t have a brain”, this rover is not equipped with all the instruments that Curiosity has. This lack of extra weight gives Scarecrow the equivalent weight of Curiosity, with all its instruments, in the lower gravity of Mars.
To see this rover in action, watch the above video.
Full Beaver Moon 2014 For the American colonist and the Algonquin tribes the November Full Moon was know as the Full Beaver Moon. This was the time of year to prepare for the upcoming winter by setting beaver traps before the swamps froze. This would help ensure warm beaver furs to fend off the winter cold. Also, beavers are also very busy this time of year, preparing for winter. The November Full Moon is also know as Frosty Moon.
Full Beaver Moon arrives at November 6th, 22:23 GMT.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.66056
Retrieved Text: Back in January I tested out my new time lapse gear at the Ice Rink in downtown Rockville. I’m looking forward to using all my new toys in one of my favorite places, Death Valley National Park.
I tested out some new time-lapse gear in Gaithersburg a couple weeks back. I’m hoping to be able to sell similar clips as stock footage at some point.
I’m working on a video I shot a couple years back documenting the Youghiogheny River which flows from Silver Lake, WV to McKeesport, PA. These 30 second previews use drone footage to document the entire length of the river.
Dan and Aimme were very creative models back in July. I don’t know where the idea to use an umbrella came from but I like it.
I got a couple decent landscape shots while out on my honeymoon in Nova Scotia / Newfoundland. The maritimes are never as dramatic as Banff or Yosemite, but there’s something special about the North Atlantic that’s hard to capture with photography.
I got a couple good landscape shots during a trip to Shenandoah National Park last Fall.
Fast photo editing has never been a strong suit of mine. Here's a few recent additions to my collection of photos from Yosemite, Death Valley, and Zion.
It's hard to believe I shot this 6 months ago. With this timelapse I wanted to capture both the beauty and the constant crowds at Yosemite.
I just finished editing my landscape shots from Banff and Jasper. I struggled with the constant fog, but I think I got a couple

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.477966
Retrieved Text: Looking for Drug Rehab and treatment centers in Beaver, Ohio?
Let's examine the various drug rehabilitation centers in Beaver, Ohio possibilities that correlate with the circumstances of the individual in search of treatment.
Inpatient drug and alcohol rehabilitation in Beaver, AB. is often a rehab option ideal for people who need medical intervention for the duration of rehab or clients with substantial drug abuse histories. Men and women will experience mental and physical dependence to drugs and alcohol even after a short time period, so inpatient alcohol and drug rehabilitation in Beaver is considered the most beneficial rehab choice in almost all cases. Because of substance abuse and addiction, women and men will often struggle to recover using the minimal solutions made available from outpatient rehabilitation facilities in Beaver, Ohio where alcohol and drugs remain easily available when they depart the outpatient center. Likewise, individuals in treatment who receive outpatient rehabilitation as an alternative to inpatient alcohol and drug rehabilitation in Beaver continue to be vulnerable to damaging relationships and situations which may compromise their recovery process. When someone lives with an abusive partner or continues to maintain associations that entail drug abuse, any rehabilitation activities in outpatient rehabilitation will be in vain. This is the reason in-patient drug and alcohol rehab in Beaver, AB. will result in more tangible outcomes which will prove lasting unlike an outpatient drug rehab facility where benefits could be very minimal and acute.
In Beaver there is both short-term and long-term inpatient drug rehab. Short-term is a 30-day facility, while long-term inpatient drug

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.264854
Retrieved Text: charleston house beaver dam wi beaver dam wi 53916 920 356 9818 request a tour contact community charleston house beaver dam wisconsin fish jump.
charleston house beaver dam wi search for landmark at charleston house beaver dam wi 53916 5.
charleston house beaver dam wi charleston house assisted living 104 fakes ct beaver dam wi residential care homes mapquest charleston house assisted living beaver dam wi.
charleston house beaver dam wi landmark at the charleston house beaver dam wi.
charleston house beaver dam wi jim reabe 94 beaver dam charleston house memory care beaver dam wi map.
charleston house beaver dam wi charleston house landmark charleston house beaver dam wi.
charleston house beaver dam wi charleston house memory care beaver dam wi explosion.
charleston house beaver dam wi charleston house beaver dam wisconsin fish jump.
charleston house beaver dam wi landmark at charleston house charleston dr green bay wi realtorcom charleston dr green bay wi.
charleston house beaver dam wi leasing office spring lake apartments charleston house beaver dam wi.
charleston house beaver dam wi compton home beaver dam review in beaver dam landmark at charleston house beaver dam wi 53916 5.
charleston house beaver dam wi charleston house memory care beaver dam wi map.
charleston house beaver dam wi 57878 4jpg charleston house beaver dam wisconsin fish jump.
charleston house beaver dam wi beaver dam real estate find homes for sale in beaver dam wi century 21 charleston house memory care beaver dam wi hospital.
charleston house beaver dam wi image gallery charleston house beaver dam wi.
charleston house beaver dam wi village glen quail run apartment homes beaver dam

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.261913
Retrieved Text: Please join BPRW Field Naturalist Alicia Daniel and WVPD naturalist Remy Cretol for a field walk: Sign of the Beaver. July 20th from 5:30 – 8:30 at Ethan Allen Homestead.
August feels early to be laying in wood for the winter, but we have a wild companion in Burlington who is already building up a cache of winter wood–though the wood is to eat, not to burn. All summer long, beavers cut copious amount of hardwood trees and saplings. They use the limbs to shore up dams and lodges and they cache the inner bark and twigs for food under water near their lodge. Beavers are more elaborate in their winter preparations than any other wild Vermont animal. Unlike migrants, who fly south or resident birds and animals who hibernate or forage on sparse winter fare, a beaver over winters with her clan–cozy in the lodge she has built, living on a pond she helped create, and eating food she has stored.
In Vermont, if a tree falls in the forest, there’s a good chance that a beaver will hear it. Not only are beavers abundant and widespread throughout the state, they are also a primary reason that trees do fall. And not just any trees. Beavers use their chisel teeth to selectively cut hardwoods that grow in close proximity to water. And in the process, they alter landscapes at a scale second only to humans.
To see evidence of this process at work you can visit Ethan Allen Homestead.
The Homestead is home to a pair of beavers that

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.182484
Retrieved Text: - Fur Content: Purple Dyed Sheared Beaver.
- Hood Trim Content: Purple Plum Dyed Silver Fox.
- Fur Origin: Canada, Finland.
.Perfect in Purple! A hooded parka redesigned in a beautiful deep jewel toned purple plum is the new and modern way to enjoy the cold weather. The lush fox trim is an added touch giving an added play on texture and color in this lovely fur jacket. Enjoy this lush, deeply purple sheared beaver in a wonderful mid length parka that works for every day of the winter. The beautiful purple color is so versatile and the sheared beaver keeps you ultra-warm!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.539207
Retrieved Text: Mactaquac Provincial Park is a broad woodland and recreation complex along the scenic Saint John River in New Brunswick. You’ll find a variety of outdoor activities throughout the year in this riverside playground. Discover the beauty of this 525-ha (1,300-acre) masterpiece along one of the many walking trails (one of which is wheelchair accessible), and enjoy interpretive walks through our pristine beaver pond nature reserve. Or take the fun to new heights with TreeGO Mactaquac Aerial Adventure.
Stay awhile at the Mactaquac Provincial Park campground with over 300 campsites to choose from. While you’re there, take a dip in the Park’s freshwater beaches or tee-up at the Mactaquac Golf Course. Bringing the whole family? Mactaquac’s recreation centre provides entertainment that’ll keep the kids busy. There’s always something to celebrate in the Park, so keep your eye out for upcoming family-friendly events below. The Clubhouse is also home to MOCO Kitchen. With beautiful views and casual fine dining featuring local ingredients, the restaurant is great for a quick bite out with friends, a nice meal with the family, or the perfect date night.
Mactaquac is also home to two marina’s, the Mactaquac Power Boat Marina and the York Centennial Sailboat Marina.
Please note that all park events are weather-dependent. Should you have any questions, please call the park prior to your arrival.
For a listing of park entrance and camping fees, please click here.
Mactaquac Provincial Park’s campground provides more than 300 campsites in both open and wooded areas (2 of which are wheelchair accessible) and features laundry facilities, hot showers and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.454052
Retrieved Text: The Colorado towns of Vail and Beaver Creek embody the idea of idyllic mountain towns, as these charming ski resort towns boast endless natural beauty as well as lively, quaint villages. If you want to make the most of your Colorado vacation, you should let Vacatia help you find a great vacation rental near all of the best restaurants, shops, and bars. Vacatia can help you book your stay at one of the best Vail resorts near village shops and restaurants so that you can enjoy the best of this beloved Colorado mountain town. Whether you choose to stay in Vail or Beaver Creek for your mountain getaway, Vacatia can find you the perfect vacation rental for your group. Vacatia offers a wide variety of rental properties, from comfortable studio rentals to spacious four-bedroom rentals, which means that Vacatia is sure to find you a rental property that meets all of your needs. Don't spend hours sifting through the vast selection of hotels and resorts in Beaver Creek or Vail. Instead, let Vacatia help simplify your vacation planning process by providing you with a high-quality rental near town.
Vail and Beaver Creek are widely known as two of the country's premier ski resorts, as they host championship ski events and boast an array of world-class trails and slopes. In addition, these Colorado mountain towns are also popular summer destinations, as they provide endless activities to do and sights to see when the snow melts. No matter when you decide to visit Vail or Beaver Creek, you should

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.014706
Retrieved Text: Cold Weather? What cold weather!?!
The James and Shenandoah are still flowing…..under a nice layer of snow covered ice! The cold temps will have us taking a fairly long breather from any winter smallmouth and musky trips. Now is a great time to stock your boxes up with all your favorite patterns for spring! CK BAITFISH, CLAWDADS, CLOUSERS, WIGGLE MINNOWS, TROW MINNOWS, HALF AND HALFS, MURDICH MINNOWS, and POPPERS, should be on your tying list! We will sound the alarm when the ice is gone and we are back on the rivers!
Time to give the mountain streams a break in this extreme cold! Hiking can be a bit treacherous and many streams have ice coating most of the fishable runs and pools. Spring will be arriving in 3-4 weeks. It won’t be long! Give us a call if you are interested in booking a trip to one of our favorite spots in the mountains for some spring time wild trout fishing!
Click here to see what trips we have to offer!
Beaver Creek and Mossy Creek are running in the low 40’s but are free from ice! Fishing this week will be pretty brutal but Sunday is looking decent with temps hitting the mid 40’s for about 1 day. The 10 day forecast is still looking grim, but if you need a fix, give the spring creeks a try. Take some FLUOROCARBON TIPPET to get your flies down deep and hide any possible leader flash. We recommend 2-3X with heavy flies. Near Nuff Sculpins, Crystal Buggers, and Slump Busters

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.553886
Retrieved Text: No matter the season, time of day or mood you’re in, there is a Beaver Creek activity or program that will engage, enthrall and entertain. There’s the obvious activities such as skiing and snowboarding that bring an adrenaline rush and rosy cheeks. Come summer, the same ski trails become paradise for hikers and bikers. Beaver Creek offers a hiking program; you can explore with a naturalist and an expert hiker who will share the stories of the area and explain the flora and fauna.
Beaver Creek activities go beyond the usual. There are day camps to keep kids busy and get them tired, adventure options and art selections, a horse camp that offers kids the chance to explore and build forts – getting dirty is the best way to spend a summer day! There are activities at the Beaver Creek Children’s Museum where they also encourage hands-on play.
Break out of your workout routine and do a barre class or spin, yoga or muscle-maker class. Be active in all the Beaver Creek activities! Stroll down the bike path and back up for a heart-pounding work out. End up at the Creekside Park, where the kids can run, play, swing, turn and twist.
The Friday Afternoon Club is a Beaver Creek activity unto itself. Picture fun activities for kids while the adults can participate or sit back and sip a glass of wine by the fire . The kids can make s’mores.
Come winter, sign the kids up for a ski lesson, while you take one yourself. There are women-specific classes

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.34595
Retrieved Text: Research Beaver Bay Estates real estate information, local Beaver Bay Estates real estate statistics, reviews, homes for sale, acreages, luxury homes, land, farms, ranches, condos, maps, townhomes and local REALTORS®. Find today's Beaver Bay Estates housing market statistics, past sales history, dates and prices, Beaver Bay Estates public schools explore community information parks and daily breaking news. Register a free account as the market is changing you need Top rated real estate agents experts ready to answer your questions about attached, detached homes, neighborhoods, schools, crime rates, events and the newest listings for sale Beaver Bay Estates. Compare golf courses, Beaver Bay Estates quadrant maps , wonderful restaurants, shops and of course the people! IF buying or selling, you can expect expert advice, high quality service, straight forward communication plus attention to detail. Information on homes for sale, foreclosures, bank owned, acreages, lake homes, New construction.
Search 0 active Beaver Bay Estates real estate listings with Beaver Bay Estates real estate statistics, maps, REALTORS® & homes for sale on April 18, 2019. Currently active properties average price $ highest $0.00. Property types include Attached homes, Detached Homes, Luxury Homes plus Condos, Townhomes, Rowhouses, Lake Homes plus Bank owned Foreclosures.
Search Beaver Bay Estates real estate directory guide with homes for sale, real estate reviews, REALTORS®, Beaver Bay Estates luxury homes and condos. Find new Beaver Bay Estates real estate statistics, foreclosures, crime rates news, weather, Beaver Bay Estates Schools or explore local community information and more. The real estate market is constantly changing you need experienced Beaver Bay

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.111217
Retrieved Text: If you meet the minimum qualifications for a posted position or internship, please submit your information. (When positions are open, you will see them on this page.) Your resume will be carefully reviewed in terms of the requirements for the position or internship. Applicants identified as most qualified will be contacted by the HR Director. Please continue to visit our website for an up-to-date list of employment opportunities. Beaver Water District does not accept unsolicited resumés or applications.
Are you seeking to gain experience in water treatment plant operations? Beaver Water District, Lowell, Arkansas, has an entry level Water Plant Operator I position available. The Water Plant Operator I will work under close supervision while learning to pump and treat raw water, and distribute drinking water. We are a progressive utility that offers a positive work environment and offer an “excellent” benefit package and competitive salaries. Interested in learning more about Beaver Water District?
Monitors, operates and controls treatment plant equipment and processes used in clarifying, purifying and distributing drinking water.
Perform routine tasks and duties related to operating water pumping and treatment facilities and equipment.
Calculate figures and apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry relevant to the operation and maintenance of water treatment, pumping and distribution processes and facilities.
Obtain the Grade IV Water Treatment license issued by the Arkansas Dept. of Health is required within 12 months of hire date and a Grade IV Water Distribution license as issued by the Arkansas Dept. of Health within 24 months of hire date.
Must perform manual labor in all weather conditions

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.073914
Retrieved Text: Throughout the year, the Beaver Marsh teems with life. Depending on the month, you may be serenaded by choirs of countless frogs, watch turtles swim among lily pads, glimpse a beaver nibbling on a willow branch, or hear northern cardinals call from snowy trees. The Beaver Marsh is among the most diverse natural communities in Cuyahoga Valley National Park (CVNP). The exceptional scenery and wildlife make it one of the park’s most popular destinations. Here you can enjoy photography, bird watching, and sharing nature with family and friends. Use this bulletin to deepen your understanding and enjoyment of this special resource.
The auto repair shop on Riverview Road.
Starting in the 19th century, land development drained the original wetland. The Ohio & Erie Canal came through. Darwin Carter had a dairy farm on part of the property. Just before the National Park Service purchased the land, an auto repair shop was here, surrounded by old cars and worn-out parts. During the establishment of CVNP, efforts by humans and beavers transformed this site back into a wetland. In 1984 the Portage Trail Group of the Sierra Club organized a site clean-up.
Together with the National Park Service, they hauled away car parts, bed springs, and accumulated trash. Plans for the property were unresolved; the young park was considering building a parking lot here. Around the same time, beavers started returning to the valley. They had been absent from Ohio for over a century, trapped out for their fur. Beavers built a system of dams that flooded the area. By altering

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.052555
Retrieved Text: Beaver & Sons Painting Company is committed to offering customers a wide variety of painting services in a reliable and timely manner.
Michael Beaver, owns and operates this successful business based out of Lynn, Ma.
We have the resources, qualifications and experience necessary to meet all your residential and commercial painting needs. Our highly motivated and experienced group is looking forward to making your upcoming projects a breeze.
Beaver & Sons Painting Company uses top of the line equipment and products that gives your home or business the attention it deserves as well as saving you money. Every job is unique and we have the knowledge to provide a quality service to exceed your expectations.
As a leading Painting Contractor, we work with several property management companies and builders as well as home owners. We stand by our unbeatable sense of quality and satisfactory pricing. Beaver & Sons Painting Company prides itself on making all painting projects a positive stress free experience. Quotes are always free and we will make ourselves available on your time and never a minute late!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.01647
Retrieved Text: For an unforgettable winter experience, join Rocky Mountain National Park rangers for a Full Moon Walk on the night of the full moon in winter months. The next full moons are on Jan. 20-21, 2019, Feb. 19, 2019, and Mar. 20, 2019, and are visible a day before and a day after.
Although the January Full Moon Walk is on Sat. Jan 19, try to get out again on Sunday if you can.
The January 20 full moon will be truly unique because it is a supermoon, blood moon lunar eclipse, wolf moon all at once! Supermoon means it’s very close to earth, and blood moon refers to the reddish color caused by the lunar eclipse.
You’ll go out with a ranger in a small group (maximum 6 people per reservation) for about one and a half hours, leaving Beaver Meadows around 5 pm. Depending on weather conditions and snow depths, it may be a hike, or it may be on snowshoes. You’ll bring a flashlight, poles, and snowshoes just to be ready.
If you’re staying in a local lodge, ask if they provide snowshoes to check out – many do. Also Estes Park Mountain Shop on Hwy 34 at the entrance to Estes Park, and The Warming House on Hwy 66 on the way to Beaver Meadows have snowshoes and poles for rent.
When you reserve your lodging, look for a property with an outdoor hot tub — it will feel so good and relaxing to come home to a hot soak!
Reservations open 1 week in advance of the full

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.999645
Retrieved Text: Beaver Scouts belong to the first and youngest section in the Scouting family. Easily recognised by their distinctive turquoise sweatshirts, Beaver Scouts enjoy making friends, playing games, going on visits and helping others. They usually meet together once a week in a Beaver Scout Colony.
Who can be a Beaver?
Any young person aged between 5 years 9 months and 8 years can be a Beaver. Membership of Scouting UK is voluntary and is open to any person, regardless of faith, race, culture, nationality or any other circumstance, provided they are able to understand and willing to make or work towards making the Promise.
Beaver Colonies meet regularly, usually once a week during school terms. There are often other opportunities for Beavers to take part in special activities and events throughout the year. Some units organise overnight sleepovers for the Beavers.
For the first few meetings your child needs nothing to experience the fun of being a Beaver. When it comes time for your child to become a member of Scouting UK then they will only need the turquoise sweatshirt, available from the Norfolk Trading Post. However, there is a range of clothing to choose from, including activity trousers and Beaver t-shirts.
– How do things work?
On attending and taking part in these programme activities, Beavers earn themselves points towards Challenge badges that link to the above subjects.
For each year your child has been a member of the Colony they will also gain a “Joining In Award”. This award will also continue into Cubs.
a Young Leader aged 14 or over.
a Unit

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.864914
Retrieved Text: The American Beaver (Castor canadensis) is often called “nature’s engineer” because of its practice of building dams in streams and rivers. Nearly wiped out in much of their historic range by early fur trappers, beavers have been restored to many Oregon waters because of improved management, awareness of their benefits, and less demand for their fur. In recognition of its significance in Oregon history, the beaver was made the state symbol and placed on the reverse side of the Oregon state flag; it also became the mascot and nickname of Oregon State University (established in 1856).
Many of the first non-Natives in Oregon were fur trappers. Trapping was not regulated, and the beaver population declined as demand for high quality fur increased. By 1893, the number of beavers was so low that the Oregon legislature closed Baker and Malheur Counties to beaver trapping. This was followed by a statewide closure from 1899 to 1918, when beaver trapping was permitted in Benton and Marion Counties.
In 1923, beaver trapping was reopened statewide from November through February, except in national forests and in five southwest counties. The legislature again closed most of the state to beaver trapping in 1931, and the few excepted counties were included in the ban the next year.
In 1937, beaver management was directed to the State Game Commission (now the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife), which has regulated beaver trapping since then. Today, beaver trapping is open statewide for several months with specific area exceptions in some counties. Beaver management requires balancing the benefits that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.84047
Retrieved Text: The American beaver is a large rodent associated with waterways and wetlands. It has webbed hind feet; a large, relatively hairless, horizontally flattened tail; a blunt head with small eyes and ears; a short neck; and a stout body. The color is a uniform dark brown above with lighter underparts and a blackish tail.
Similar species: Two other aquatic rodents in Missouri might be confused with beavers. The common muskrat, found statewide, has a long tail that is slightly flattened vertically, and it is a smaller animal, usually only weighing 2–4 pounds. The introduced nutria, which sometimes occurs in southeastern Missouri, has a tail that is round in cross-section, and at 15–25 pounds, it is intermediate in size between beaver and muskrat.
Total length: 34–54 inches; tail length: 9–17 inches; weight: 26–90 pounds.
A beaver has webbed hind feet; a large, relatively hairless, horizontally flattened tail, a blunt head, small eyes and ears, a short neck, and a stout body.
In spring and fall, beavers eat woody and nonwoody vegetation. In summer, mostly nonwoody plants are eaten; in winter, mostly woody foods are eaten.
Despite an extreme reduction in their colonies by about 1900, Missouri’s beaver population has been reestablished throughout the state.
A tree that has been cut down by a beaver.
Though beavers are famous for dam building, in Missouri they are less likely to construct dams than they are in regions farther west and north.
In Missouri, beaver usually do not construct lodges and dams. The beaver lodge at Columbia's Cosmo Park was a notable exception.
Young beavers are weaned after about

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.73336
Retrieved Text: Deep Freeze Mossy Creek Brown Trout From The Weekend.
Nasty weather continues this week in the Shenandoah Valley.
We are still dealing with quite a bit of ice and big chunks along the Shenandoah and James Rivers. The icy conditions mixed with rain, sleet, and snow, and very cold temps again Thursday night will make some pretty brutal conditions again this week. We are hoping that the mild temps early next week will free up the water and allow us for some late winter season musky and BIG smallmouth bass fishing. We will post reports again for the big rivers after the weather system clears out this week. Our guide crew is currently cleaning up boats and repacking gear for the upcoming season! Only a few more weeks folks, or so we hope!
Some of the higher altitude brook trout streams still have quite a bit of ice and snowpack. The warm weather early this week did free up quite a few streams and despite the wind and cool water temps, the fishing has been pretty good. As temps hit the 40’s next week much of the snow and ice should clear out of the mountains allowing for easier access and better fishing in the Shenandoah National Park and GW Forest. Tie up some Killer Bugs, Ck Nymphs, Nitro Caddis, Pink Weenies and load your vest with split shot and your favorite strike indicators and get ready for some excellent brook trout fishing. We are excited to see some caddis popping and quill gordons showing up soon!
Susie Q Farm

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.577732
Retrieved Text: Two veterans of the oil spill clean up industry have joined forces to collarate on new spill control products.
The effort joins Donny Beaver – co-founder of New Pig Corporation and currently co-founder and CEO of HalenHardy, a manufacturer of environmental and safety products – and Derek Yurgaitis, a long-time executive with SPC Products and Brady Corporation and now president of Meltblown Technologies.
The two companies have joined forces to market a new line of leak and spill cleanup products called Spilltration.
According to oil spill cleanup experts, more than 80% of all hydrocarbon spills happen on land due to vehicle accidents or equipment failures, such as blown hydraulic hoses. And, the vast majority of these spills happen during inclement weather. Wet conditions cause oil slicks to spread quickly toward storm drains and waterways.
Two major challenges arise in wet conditions when trying to deploy traditional spill cleanup products: 1) Old-fashioned sorbents operate at less than one-third their capacity in wet weather, and 2) Standard sorbents are bulky and require significant storage space, forcing workers and cleanup teams to equip their vehicles with an insufficient amount of sorbents.
To tackle these problems, spill cleanup pioneer Donny Beaver began to search for oil cleanup materials that worked well in wet weather by absorbing oil and filtering water at the same time. Another attribute Beaver sought was the ability of the materials to be compressed into small packages.
“Our goal was to cut wet-weather oil spill cleanup time in half while reducing storage space by at least 75%,” Beaver noted.
After several months of research

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.517635
Retrieved Text: There are two species of beaver. The European or Eurasian beaver (Castor fiber) and the North American beaver (Castor canadensis). Interestingly the two species are not genetically compatible.
Beavers are the second largest rodents on earth. Their large front teeth never stop growing however constant gnawing on wood keeps their teeth from growing too long.
Beavers possess a set of transparent eyelids which enable them to see under water.
Most times a beaver lodge will contain two dens, one for drying off after entering the lodge from under water, and a second den where the family lives and is kept drier.
Beavers don’t mind the cold, they can be seen active throughout winter and maintain use of their ponds even when covered with a layer of ice. You’ll often see an open hole in the ice which is used to go back and forth for food.
A beavers home is referred to as a lodge. They are dome like constructions built from branches and mud. Positioned in open water, they provide protection from predators. The entrance to the lodge is under water. .
In the dead of winter you will be able to tell if a beaver lodge is occupied by the snow melt on the top of the lodge. Heat from the beaver in the lodge melts the snow on top of the lodge.
A beavers front teeth are orange a result of the front enamel containing iron which makes them strong and sharp. Because the orange enamel on the front of their teeth wears away more slowly than the white dentin

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.448162
Retrieved Text: Beaver Creek White Water Rafting Tours and Rentals in Beaver Creek Colorado.
Are you looking for an amazing family adventure during your visit to Beaver Creek? Well you’ve come to the right place! Beaver Creek White Water Rafting is the most popular summer activity in the entire state of Colorado. When the snow melts each year, it runs off into the lakes & rivers of Colorado making for perfect Whitewater Rafting conditions. White Water Rafting in Beaver Creek is an activity full of adventure & excitement. This one of a kind experience is great for people of all ages & abilities.
Picture yourself racing downstream in a raft on the pristine waters of Colorado. The sun at your back, the wind on your face and cool water splashing all around you. White Water Rafting in Beaver Creek is truly an amazing experience that everyone should try at least once in their lifetime. Colorado Concierge is proud to offer White Water Rafting tours to all visitors of Beaver Creek. Booking your Beaver Creek White Water Rafting Tour has never been easier. All you have to do is select your Beaver Creek White Water Rafting tour dates, the number of people in your party and Colorado Concierge will take care of the rest. Contact us today for your Beaver Creek White Water Rafting tour rates & availability.
Whitewater Rafting in Beaver Creek is a great adventure that will make a long lasting impact on you & your family for years to come. Our White Water Rafting trips in Beaver Creek will

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.430676
Retrieved Text: Beaver Creek, Colorado is nestled in the Vail Valley of the Colorado Rockies. With superb access from Vail / Eagle Airport and Denver International Airport, flights to Beaver Creek are affordable and convenient. Read about tips for flying into Colorado for you winter or summer vacation.
Flying into the Vail Valley is a popular option for those wanting direct access to the slopes of Beaver Creek and Vail Ski Resorts. The airport is an easy 20 to 30 minute drive on Interstate 70.
In the winter, American, Continental, Delta, Northwest, United, United Express, and US Airways provide non-stop jet service between EGE and thirteen major U. S. cities, including Atlanta, Charlotte, Chicago, Cincinnati, Dallas, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, Minneapolis, New York, Newark, and Philadelphia.
With it's spectacular resemblance to the Colorado Rockies, the Denver International Airport is almost worthy of flying into just for a glimpse at this state-of-the-art airport. A pleasant drive from Denver to Beaver Creek will have you relaxing in the comfort of your own Beaver Creek condo rental. Transportation to and from Beaver Creek comes in two forms. You can either choose to rent your own Beaver Creek Car Rental or book a shuttle from Denver to Beaver Creek.
Whether you fly into the Vail / Eagle Airport or Denver International Airport, you will have many options for Beaver Creek private transportation. Both airports offer economy car rentals, 4wheel drive SUVs and even 12 passenger vans. Having your own car rental allows you the flexibility to explore nearby communities such as Avon, Eagle, Vail and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.21051
Retrieved Text: If you're headed to Beaver Creek to enjoy any of the region's countless recreational activities, call Black Diamonds Cars today. We offer great rates and a safe travel guarantee, even in the dangerous road conditions in Colorado winter months. Reserve your luxury private car service to or from Beaver Creek today.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.189663
Retrieved Text: We have had a spectacular Thanksgiving this year. We worked hard on the house and yard. The weather has been perfect.
When we were out on the boat the other night we heard a (what I have heard before) a beaver slap. The beaver slap sound is a different from a carp jump. The beaver slap is well ...a slap. A carp jump is a just splash. Looking about we saw the critter, not sure what it is, a Beaver. An otter? You let us know.
Atlanta's Spaghetti Junction ranks as the No. 1 worst freight bottleneck in the entire country.
Installing the electric for the tub was more work than I planned (as usual). Pulling the 6AWG wire though the conduit was a total pain. I laid a bunch of f-bombs and did some thrashing about. The thrashing seems to help get wires through conduit.
Anyhow, the spa operational. It is quite nice. We have had a cold snap at the same time so getting out of the tub is a bit traumatic.
We went to the Buford Farmers Market Sunday. The place is well known in Atlanta. You can get foods from all over the world and great selections. We got fresh baked Mexican pastries, Ukrainian candies, Russian Herring, Fresh Turkey and chicken and strange fruit from who-knows-where.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.125416
Retrieved Text: Vail Resorts’ award winning and popular ski and snowboard application EpicMix, has new added functionality that revolutionizes the vacation photo experience. EpicMixlaunched during the 2010-2011 season providing skiers and riders with hands- and hassle-free tracking of vertical feet skied, number of days skied and digital pin accomplishments thanks to a RF-enabled chip embedded in smart card passes. This season, Vail Resorts is doing something that no other resort or ski mountain is doing - taking and then giving free on-mountain photos to guests to easily share on Facebook and social sites. Starting mid-December, guests will be able to take their own photos or get their photos taken and combine them with their vertical feet, digital pins and memories of other special moments of their visit through the new EpicMix platform. Additionally EpicMix is expanding its program to nearly all guests this year through an upgrade to "smart" RF-enabled lift tickets. For more information and to watch a video of EpicMix, visit www.epicmixphoto.com.
New for 2011-2012, Beaver Creek’s Adult Ski and Snowboard School will be offering alpine skiing lessons and on-mountain adventures with custom coaching sessions geared towards skiers who wish to take their skills up a notch. Whether wanting to learn how to carve through fresh powder, effortlessly pound over bumps or twist through the trees, qualified pro instructors will help skiers confidently navigate all kinds of mountain terrain. These customized coaching lessons will be offered afternoons only to strong intermediate to advanced alpine skiers with a maximum of three people per group in order to provide

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.096973
Retrieved Text: Over the next few weeks, the Wetlands Program will share some stories with you of animals that are still using wetlands during the winter months. Come and learn about Otto, Luna, Clarence and others; who they are, and how you can recognize them in a wetland, without ever actually seeing them.
A wetland in winter is a very different place than during the other times of the year when it seems to be teeming with life. In winter, a wetland and much of the land around it may appear devoid of life, a place without sound or movement. Most of the birds have flown south, with the exception of the occasional chick-a-dee, blue jay or raven. You may hear a barred owl in the evening hours off in the distance. But what about the four-legged critters who can’t fly away when the snow begins to fall? Most of them have remained where they are, you just don’t see or hear them. Many animals have adapted to the cold temperatures of the northeast, including those that use wetlands during the winter months.
How do you know what animals are around when you step into a wetland area? You look for tracks and signals; although the “sign” won’t be as easily seen as this one!
Some animals, like frogs, salamanders and turtles disappear without a trace, into the mud below the ice that forms in open water areas, but other species leave their mark on the landscape. For example, you can tell if a beaver or muskrat uses a particular wetland

================



======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: Frilled sharks and angler fish live far beneath the surface of the ocean, which is why they are known as

Which is the correct answer?
- Deep sea animals
- fish
- Long Sea Fish
- Far Sea Animals

Target Text: Deep sea animals

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.40134
Retrieved Text: Today we are taking you to the Deep Blue Sea. Where you may find the most strange creatures that you may not have seen yet. Lets explore the 7 Most Strange Fish Of Pacific Ocean. The Most Beautiful Sea Creatures on the Planet.
Blobfish Belongs to the family of fatheads and is a deep-sea fish. We can find them only in Australia, Tasmania and New Zealand. Blobfish can spend its life even at a depth of 2000 to 3900 feet. At this Depth the water pressure is 60 to 120 times higher than the pressure at the sea level. It inhabits dark and cold parts of the ocean.
The biggest threat for the survival for blobfish is accidental entrapment in the fishing nets. This unusual fish is very rare and currently listed as endangered. Blobfish can reach 12 inches in length and 20 pounds of weight.
List of Most Strange Fish Of Pacific Ocean, Beautiful Sea Creatures.
Looking like it just swam out of a horror movie is the amazing fangtooth. Known scientifically as Anoplogaster cornuta, this menacing creature haunts the deep waters of many of the world’s oceans. The fangtooth gets its name from its rather impressive looking teeth, which are actually the largest teeth of any fish in the ocean when taken in proportion to body size. Because of its unusually grotesque appearance, the fangtooth has earned the nickname “ogrefish”. It is also referred to by some as the common sabretooth.
Read More About: 10 Interesting Animal Facts That Will Blow Your Mind!
Frilled sharks are not really that unusual

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.37957
Retrieved Text: The one-and-a-half-metre male shark was pulled up near the Algarve region back in August, but the discovery began grabbing headlines this week. Some of the details accompanying the story, however, aren't entirely accurate.
The frilled shark (Chlamydoselachus anguineus) belongs among the world's more primitive shark species. It sports a ruffled throat and lizard-like rounded head, characteristic features from our oceanic past that are seldom seen today.
Just how "unchanged" these sharks remain, however – and exactly when they first arose – is still up for debate, and claims that the species is "one of the most ancient animals on the planet" are a bit misleading.
Shark skeletons are made of cartilage and therefore don't fossilise well, so most of what we know about their ancient kin comes from their mineralised teeth. Only around ten Chlamydoselachus shark fossils exist on record, and while the oldest tooth in that bunch dates back about 85 million years, the animal it belonged to was only a predecessor to the modern frilled shark.
Many reports have suggested that this shark is "one of the rarest animals on the planet", which is also untrue. Since its discovery in the 1880s, the frilled shark has been spotted in over 20 countries, including Arctic Norway, New Zealand, both US coasts, Japan and Chile. The species is occasionally sold in fish markets in Japan, and taken accidentally by trawl and gillnet fisheries worldwide.
"Frilled sharks are not really that unusual from the eastern North Atlantic," says Pacific Shark Research Center director Dr Dave Ebert, who managed to catch 28 of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.916153
Retrieved Text: Opahs, the only warm blooded fish species, are cold-blooded killers.
Scientists have found the first warm-blooded fish species! Opahs live up to 1000 feet beneath the ocean’s surface in very cold and dimly lit waters.
They’re reddish-orange with white speckles and some species can grow as large as six feet in length and 600 pounds.
Very little is known about opahs because they live so deep in the ocean and are rarely caught.
The scientific term for warm-blooded is endothermic. A basic meaning of this term is animals that produce their own heat.
Scientists did know they were predators that ate squid, krill and small fish. They wondered how opahs could catch such fast-moving prey, but they didn’t expect that warm blooded metabolism would be the reason for their hunting success.
Some sharks and tuna have what’s known as “regional endothermy,” or limited warm bloodedness. It allows them to stay active in colder depths. But opahs are unlike any other fish studied.
So, the fish don’t lose as much body heat into the cold water from their gills.
They also found that opahs constantly flap their fins, which generates body heat. Temperature measurements found that they were able to stay about 41 degrees Fahrenheit warmer than the surrounding chilly waters.
That’s not very warm compared to humans at 98 degrees, but their body heat gives them a competitive edge as hunters.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.736046
Retrieved Text: Many of you in the homeschool community are familiar with the Discovery Channel's Shark Week. Did you know it's been airing every July since 1988? It's pretty sensational. I have created a real goodie for you either before, during, after Shark Week or whenever, whether you watch Shark Week or not.
Let's dive into this topic and how you can use NatureGlo's free Sharks Online Unit Study in your homeschool today!
But first, some background information about sharks.
Sharks and humans have a long standing fascination-love-hate relationship. Since ancient times, sharks have been depicted in art, story-telling, poetry, songs, books, movies (*coughs, Jaws) interwoven throughout human history. This study affords the homeschool shark enthusiast a banquet of learning opportunities that can make even the most dry-as-dust-boring subject come to life for your child.
Sharks, are from a group of vertebrate (with backbones) animals known as the "cartilaginous fish". They are from order, Chondrichthyes, which is divided up into two groups called subclasses. They are further divided up into two groups called Elasmobranchii (sharks, rays, sawfish, and skates) and the Holocephali or chimaera or ghost sharks.
Here's a nifty looking poster showing you all of the 8 major existing shark orders.
Skeletons made of cartilage - Granules of calcium carbonate on the outside of the cartilage add strength. The mosaic granule pattern is unique.
There are some remarkable varieties that hardly look like sharks. Take, for example, the Tasselled wobbegong! Do you think they look like sharks at all?
History connection - Study the works of famed turn of the 19th century zoologist Bashford Dean.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.55264
Retrieved Text: Researchers found a rare frilled shark, a prehistoric creature that lives up to 4,200 feet below the sea and was around during the time of the dinosaurs.
Scientists made a remarkable discovery off the coast of Portugal, as we reported recently, finding a rare frilled shark that has a terrifying appearance. But there’s so much more to this fascinating species that most people are not aware of, and scientists themselves didn’t know until recent years.
The frilled shark was found during a research expedition aimed at minimizing unwanted fish catches that was commissioned by the European Union. The frilled shark has been unchanged for virtually 80 million years, meaning it lived during the time of the dinosaurs, and humans rarely encounter them since they live 390 to 4,200 feet below the ocean waves. Scientists didn’t discover them until the 19th century.
Despite their fearsome appearance, frilled sharks have never attack humans, although they have sharp, jagged teeth that have caused some unintentional cuts on examination. This species was first seen in the wild back in 2004 off the southeastern United States coast, and Japanese fisherman found a sick one in 2007.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.568325
Retrieved Text: Ocean & Sea Creature Facts to Blow Your Mind Real Tautological Fish Fish Names Cool / Scary Facts About Sea Creatures Photographed for the First Time Weird Animals Washed Up on the Beach A Guide to the Biggest Things in the Ocean Horrifying Found Creatures Wow So Many Nudibranchs! How Smart Are Cephalopods? Remarkable Octopuses Amazing Albino Aquatic Animals Lovely, But No Backbone Stunning Jellyfish What Creature Do You Want to Be? Shark Myths to Unthink Unbelievable Camouflage Beautiful Pics of Sea Squirts The Best Seafood to Eat Stunning Sea Caves Around the World Hey, Looking for Songs About Fish?
List Rules Vote up the creepiest mugs lurking beneath the waves.
Do you occasionally enjoy the peace and quiet of a nice day out on the waves? Love the occasional cute sea creature that pops up to say hello when you’re chilling at the beach? Well, then you may have come to the wrong place! Here we’ve collected a list of some of the most disturbing scary sea creatures that roam beneath the waves. We’ve scoured the depths of the deepest waters to find a list of creepy creatures and scary fish that prove that the deep sea and ocean depths are the most horrifying places on Earth.
You may think twice about taking up Scuba-diving after getting a load of some of these deep sea fish, who range from weird to terrifying. While some of these guys (or maybe they're gals, who can be sure?), such as the Dumbo octopus, could possibly be considered cute in the right

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.25298
Retrieved Text: This week, we are focusing on Broadnose sevengill sharks (Notorynchus cepedianus). They are in the Hexanchidae family, related to the bluntnose sixgill shark, sharpnose sevengill shark, and frilled sharks.
They can get rather large, up to 3m (10 ft), and a maximum weight of 107 kg (326 lbs). They can supposedly live up to, and maybe beyond, 50 years.
A few distinguishable characteristics are that these sharks only have one dorsal fin, unlike most sharks that have two. They also have a wide head and blunt nose (hence the common name, “broadnose”). And, as the common name also says, they do have seven gills (most sharks have five). They range in coloration from a copper brown color to a silvery color, its body speckled with black spots (like stars, almost). These spots can actually be used as an identification; in fact, Ocean Sanctuaries has a project dedicated to this.
Now, here’s something cool about their hunting style: they sometimes hunt in packs. Not to mention they also rush behind their intended prey and munch! Crunch! Gulp! After a satisfying meal (usually a sea mammal or other shark), they tend to not eat for a while, letting their reward digest in their tummy for a while. In the meantime, you can see them cruising over their preferred rocky bottom habitats, but also over sandy and muddy substrates, mostly near the bottom and rarely seeing the surface.
These sharks are viviparious with yolk-sac, giving birth in shallow bays during the spring/summer after a 12 month gestation period. Their litters can be large,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.195507
Retrieved Text: Hefty Sharks are the only really big fish that are available for the hooking by virtually any fisherman, anywhere in salt water, from boat or shore. In the past, Sharks were ignored or maligned by the majority of anglers, with only a few of the largest kinds being grudgingly granted the accolade of “gamefish.” Finally, however, they seem to have gained widespread acceptance as worthy sporting adversaries, and also—the smaller specimens, anyway—as food. Not that large Sharks can’t be eaten too, but it’s a rare angler who wishes to wrestle a big one into the boat simply for culinary purposes. It goes without saying that Sharks of any species can be dangerous unless handled with the greatest care, and the larger the Shark, the greater the danger.
There are three main groups of sharks we will deal with here in Florida. The first is the Hammerheads. They look like creatures from outer space with their eyes located at either end of broad, flat heads. Three of these are common throughout warm waters, but the Smooth Hammerhead likes cooler temperatures and is only a seasonal visitor to Florida. The second group, known as Requiem Sharks, includes most of the species regularly encountered by anglers in our coverage area. Some are popular sporting targets and easily recognized, but sorting out the identity of others can be difficult for many fishermen. Our third group is made up of ocean-roaming Sharks that are often talked about, but not often seen by anglers, especially the Threshers, which comprise a separate family, while

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.036327
Retrieved Text: Given the extreme depths to which scientists must go to find these frightful–and tiny–fish, little is known about the hatchetfish. Making top models around the world jealous, the morose-looking creatures derive their name from how razor-thin they are. Anatomically speaking, the hatchetfish’s thorax is supposed to resemble the blade of the hatchet, and its cold, silver glint the metal. Their name is somewhat deceiving, though; measuring in at a mere one to five inches in length, the hatchetfish is hardly deadly. It’s just, well, pretty terrifying.
More gelatinous than your grandma’s pudding, the blobfish’s strikingly jiggly appearance has captivated the attention of millions for the past several years. So striking is the mass with fins that just this year it was deemed the world’s ugliest animal. Life isn’t all that bad for this Oceania-dwelling creature, though. As the blobfish’s den is primarily near the bottom of the ocean, the water pressure is understandably high, causing the blobfish’s skin to have the approximate density of water.
You might think that lack of muscle tissue would prove disadvantageous, but you’d be wrong. All that means is that when it comes time to eat, the blobfish simply opens its mouth while floating merrily above the ocean’s floor. Its lack of density means that it doesn’t have to expend any energy in order to eat. Lazy chefs around the world, direct your ire to the blobfish.
Consider the fangtooth fish to be the underwater equivalent of a menacing pitbull with a heart of gold. Despite their threatening appearance, the fangtooth is incredibly benign–especially

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.664455
Retrieved Text: The Whale Shark is the world’s largest fish and is estimated to live up to 150 years, making it the longest –living creatures on earth.
The Tiger Shark is considered to be one of the most dangerous Sharks as it is the most common large shark and will eat anything that fits into its mouth.
The most numerous Sharks found are the Oceanic Whitetip and Spiny Dogfish Sharks.
Amanzimtoti Beach in South Africa is the most dangerous beach in the world for Shark attacks.
The Shortfin Mako Shark is the fastest shark and one of the fastest fish in the world, reaching speeds of up to 31 miles per hour (50 kilometres).
The smallest Shark is the Dwarf Shark, measuring in at an average 4 inches.
The Nurse Shark is responsible for most Shark bites, although they are not fatal.
The Thresher Shark has the longest tail of any Shark, its tail is about as long as its body.
The Bull Shark has been known to live in freshwater rivers, lakes and lagoons.
Tiger Shark mothers have 2 uteri which allow them to give to 2 pups at a time.
Blue Sharks are among the most threatened Sharks in the world. Overfishing and the traing in Shark fins have led to a rapid decline in their numbers and scientists are concerned about their future recovery.
The Frilled Shark’s lizard-like head, rounded snout and circular mouth filled with more than 300 spiny teeth has earned it the nickname of the modern Loch Ness monster. Also due to its ancient ancestry and “primitive” characteristics, it has been described as

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.013893
Retrieved Text: The conditions are perfect for a cruise, it’s dead calm, like driving over glass, but beneath the surface the scene is roiling. Amberjacks are spawning, and sharks have descended on the area to feed on the yellow-striped fish. Bulls, tigers, and silkies have joined the feeding frenzy, competing with the fishermen above for the biggest amberjack prize.
Thirty kilometers off the Florida coast, Neil Hammerschlag and his team are trying to catch some of the sharks that have come to feed. Yet despite being out on the water since the early morning, so far their hooks have pulled up nothing. Watching the fishing boats off in the distance, the team realizes why: their coordinates are off. In the featureless sea, geography takes place under the waves. The mountain rising hundreds of meters from the sea floor—peaking 100 meters below the surface—is where the sharks are gorging. The researchers make their way toward the fishing boats.
Hammerschlag and his lab at the University of Miami take only a few shark-tagging trips this far out to sea each year, always during the late spring when the amberjack spawn draws open-ocean sharks together in one place. Cruising in a 7.6-meter fishing boat, the team is at the mercy of the weather. Today looks good, but the sea has got the better of them before.
Their first trip out here this year the team caught nothing, and hit bad weather on the way back. The forceful winds of a squall sent stinging pellets of rain at their faces, making it hard to see.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.8789
Retrieved Text: The bigeyed sixgill shark (Hexanchus nakamurai) is a cow shark of the family Hexanchidae. Its dorsal surface has a brownish-gray color, and is sharply separated from the light coloring of its ventral surface. The eyes are a fluorescent green while the shark is alive. The body of this shark is small, slim, and fusiform in shape. As the name suggests, this shark has six gill slits, unusual among most shark species. The head is narrow and somewhat flattened, and the mouth contains 5 rows of large, comb-shaped teeth. This shark's single dorsal fin is pushed back towards the caudal fin, and is behind the pelvic fins. The upper caudal fin is much longer than the lower, with a deep notch near the tip. All fins have thin white margins on the edge. In juveniles, the upper caudal fin has a black tip.
Length at birth for this species is 34–45 cm; adults average 1.2 m for both genders, with a maximum of 1.8 m. Mature adults weigh around 20 kg.
Bigeyed sixgills are likely found worldwide. So far, they have mainly been found in the Caribbean Sea, the west-central Atlantic Ocean, the Mediterranean Sea, the Indian Ocean, and the western Pacific Ocean. These sharks live near the sea floor between 90 and 600 m deep, but may move closer to the surface at night to take advantage of prey there. They make their home on continental shelves, insular shelves, and upper slopes. These sharks do not inhabit abyssal environments.
As with other sharks, bigeyed sixgill sharks harbour a number

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.23845
Retrieved Text: How many different species of sharks are there?
What is the largest shark?
Today’s Wonder of the Day was inspired by Mackenzie. Mackenzie Wonders, “How many sharks are in the ocean?” Thanks for WONDERing with us, Mackenzie!
How many stars are in the universe? How many fish are in the sea? Can these things even be counted? Or does the answer approach infinity?
How about one specific type of fish, like the shark? Surely we could get an accurate count of just the sharks, right? Actually, probably not!
There happen to be so many different types of sharks that it would be impossible to count them all. There could be a billion or more sharks in all the oceans around the world.
Up until the 16th century, mariners called sharks “sea dogs." Today, scientists believe there are more than 400 different species of sharks in the world.
Scientists believe that sharks are older than dinosaurs. The earliest known sharks existed more than 450 million years ago.
Unfortunately, it is rare to find complete fossil remains of sharks. This is because sharks don't really have bones.
Instead, they have skeletons made of cartilage, which is a kind of connective tissue strong enough to give support but softer than bone. Humans have cartilage in their ears and noses.
Sharks can be found in all seas around the world. Most sharks live in saltwater, but a couple of species — bull sharks and river sharks — can live in freshwater or saltwater.
Unfortunately, many shark species are under attack and are decreasing in numbers every year. Experts estimate that 100

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.1546
Retrieved Text: Roughly a decade ago, during the time of the MLPA meetings, I wrote a letter to the editor of Western Outdoor News. The gist of my letter was that anglers were sometimes their our own worst enemies. At a time when public support of fishing was needed, too many anglers broke the rules. Too many kept fish that were too small, too many kept over the limit numbers of fish, and too many broke the seasonal regulations, i.e., for lobster. And unfortunately, too much of this was taking place on the piers where casual passersby could note the actions. It might happen as often on boats or kayaks but they were generally out of view of the public.
Not much seems to have changed in the intervening years. In fact, a recent incident at the Huntington Beach Pier once again brought down the wrath of the public on anglers—and especially pier anglers.
In late February a shark, probably a great white shark, was hooked from the pier, gaffed using a treble-hook pier gaff, and brought up to the pier to cheers from a crowd of interested onlookers. Pictures were taken and then, apparently, the fish was thrown back into the ocean where it probably died.
The entire episode was filmed by a visitor to the pier who then posted it to YouTube. Soon after someone showed the film to local lifeguards who then contacted the California Fish and Wildlife Department. By then the film had gone viral.
Understandably the Fish and Wildlife Department is investigating with a certain amount of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.137894
Retrieved Text: The sand tiger shark – not to be confused with the tiger shark – can often be perceived as quite fearsome. This is due to its large appearance and rows of sharp, pointy teeth that protrude out of its mouth even when its jaws are shut. Its daunting appearance can be linked to its relation with the great white shark – they’re cousins.
Unlike the great white, the sand tiger shark is actually very friendly and gentle, and is often found swimming alongside divers. Also referred to as grey nurse sharks, ground sharks, ragged-tooth sharks, and slender-tooth sharks, sand tiger sharks grow to lengths of 11 feet and weigh up to 350 pounds.
These bulky underwater giants can be found in coastal waters in the Atlantic, Pacific, and Indian oceans. They often swim in shallow waters and sandy bays – hence their name.
Sand tiger sharks are fond of warm sea temperatures and travel to even warmer waters when they’re mating. During their mating season, they migrate further to find warm waters for the rest of their pregnancies. It’s only in the summer that female sand tigers return to cool waters to give birth to their pups.
Unlike other aquatic creatures, the sand tiger shark only gives birth to one or two pups every two years. Sand tigers are ovoviviparous, this means eggs develop inside their bodies and then continue to develop until they are born as young sand tiger pups.
Females have two uteruses because young embryos feed on other embryos until there is only one left in the womb

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.597805
Retrieved Text: “Mac Nut” the Giant Grouper is a recent addition to Maui Ocean Center, but her origin began on the Island of Hawai‘i. Raised at an aquaculture facility and a resident at a local resort, Mac Nut’s journey to the Maui Ocean Center brought with her an opportunity for guests to see and learn about one of Hawai‘’s lesser-known fish species.
Boneless, blue-blooded, slimy, and totally awesome, the octopus has bewildered ocean lovers for centuries. From cultural folklore to the gyotaku artists and sushi restaurants of Japan, the octopus has influenced coastal cultures throughout the world. Here are 8 tenti-cool facts and reasons why the octopus is one most fascinating animals beneath the waves.
Maui Ocean Center is proud to announce the newest addition to its sea turtle ‘ohana: six Hawaiian green sea turtle hatchlings. The hatchlings were relocated from a nesting colony at Sea Life Park Hawaii to the Aquarium where they will reside for the next two years as ambassadors of their species until their release to the ocean.
On August 30, 2018, Maui Ocean Center released two Hawaiian green sea turtles into Maui’s coastal waters. These honu (turtles) were hatched at Sea Life Park Hawaii and raised at Maui Ocean Center as ambassadors of their species, educating guests about Hawaii’s sea turtles and the challenges they face in the wild.
Leatherback sea turtles are seasoned mariners of the world’s seven seas. They are transoceanic travelers, accomplished divers, and one of five species of sea turtles found in Hawaii.
Sharks are incredibly important to our ocean’s ecosystems and are revered

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.49561
Retrieved Text: New research published in Scientific Reports finds that sharks can see this fluorescence and that the coloration makes them more visible in the dark blue light of the ocean. Researchers have yet to learn if the sharks use the color to communicate or how. Here's a look at the amazing sharks and their glowing patterns.
Credit: Copyright Gruber et al.
A swellshark (Cephaloscyllium ventriosum) is about 3 feet (1 meter) long and gets its name because when threatened, it can gulp water to swell in size. Now, researchers have found that swellsharks are biofluorescent. This image shows the sharks under white light (top), natural light (middle) and blue light (bottom). The blue-light image represents the kind of light that penetrates into the shark's range, which starts at about 80 feet (24 meters) below the surface. Red light vanishes from the marine environment at only 32 feet (10 m).
Gruber and his colleagues were excited to find biofluorescent sharks and fish because those animals have advanced vision that might allow them to signal and communicate with their fluorescent abilities. To find out if sharks could really see their own skin fluorescence, the researchers analyzed the sharks' eye receptors and used that information to build a shark-eye camera that sees the world much like sharks do. They then swam with this camera to determine what biofluorescence looks like in a natural environment to these animals.
A biofluorescent swellshark under blue light has a "twinkling" pattern, Gruber told Live Science. The green coloration increases the contrast of the sharks against their dark blue

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.038982
Retrieved Text: The genus and family name derive from the Greek word alopex, meaning fox. Indeed the long-tailed thresher shark, Alopias vulpinus, is named the fox shark by some authorities. The common name is derived from a distinctive thresher-like tail or caudal fin which can be as long as the body of the shark itself.
Thresher sharks are large lamniform sharks of the family Alopiidae. Found in all temperate and tropical oceans of the world, the family contains three species all within the genus Alopias.
Named for, and easily recognised by, their exceptionally long, thresher-like tail or caudal fins (which can be as long as the total body length), thresher sharks are active predators; the tail is actually used as a weapon to stun prey. By far the largest of the three species is the Common thresher, Alopias vulpinus, which may reach a length of 6.1 metres (20 ft) and a weight of over 500 kilograms (1,100 lb). The Bigeye thresher, Alopias superciliosus, is next in size, reaching a length of 4.9 m (16 ft); at just 3 m (10 ft), the Pelagic thresher, Alopias pelagicus, is the smallest.
Thresher sharks are fairly slender, with small dorsal fins and large, recurved pectoral fins. With the exception of the Bigeye thresher, these sharks have relatively small eyes positioned to the forward of the head. Colouration ranges from brownish, bluish or purplish gray dorsally with lighter shades ventrally. The three species can be roughly distinguished by the main colour of the dorsal surface of the body. Common threshers are dark green, Bigeye threshers

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.8519
Retrieved Text: Located five metres below the surface of pristine turquoise waters in the Indian Ocean, just off Conrad Maldives Rangali Island, is the Ithaa undersea restaurant. Surrounded by vibrant coral gardens, diners can enjoy a panoramic ceiling of buzzing marine life while they enjoy a four-course lunch menu or a seven-course dinner menu. Look out for incredible dishes such as saffron champagne risotto, Maldivian lobster carpaccio and salty caramel sable. Ithaa can be booked for a private breakfast, weddings or other special occasions and is also open for mid-morning cocktails. If the idea of enjoying a meal beneath the ocean waves peaks your interest, then why not try counting fish instead of sheep at some of the best underwater hotels.
Located five metres below the surface of pristine turquoise waters in the Indian Ocean, just off Conrad Maldives Rangali Island, is the Ithaa undersea restaurant.
Surrounded by vibrant coral gardens, diners can enjoy a panoramic ceiling of buzzing marine life while they enjoy a four-course lunch menu or a seven-course dinner menu. Look out for incredible dishes such as saffron champagne risotto, Maldivian lobster carpaccio and salty caramel sable.
Ithaa can be booked for a private breakfast, weddings or other special occasions and is also open for mid-morning cocktails. If the idea of enjoying a meal beneath the ocean waves peaks your interest, then why not try counting fish instead of sheep at some of the best underwater hotels.
The centrepiece of the intimate Al Mahara restaurant is a floor-to-ceiling aquarium containing more than 30 different species of fish, which acts

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.808464
Retrieved Text: Few creatures strike more fear in humans than the Great White Shark. In reality, Great White attacks on humans are rare and it is even rarer for one of these attacks to be fatal. However the size of the Great White Shark, its efficiency as a predator and movies such as “Jaws”, add to the perpetuation of this unnecessary fear. The Great White averages 15 feet in length, but some have been recorded as large as 20+ foot long and generally weigh up to 5,000 pounds. Great Whites also known as the “White Pointer”, are blue-gray on the dorsal or top part of their bodies. This helps them blend in with the bottom of the ocean when viewed from above. The belly or ventral part of the body is white. This makes it difficult to see the sharks from below, with sunlight shining in around them. They have strong, torpedo-shaped bodies and powerful tails that help them swim. Great White Sharks can reach speeds up to 15 mph. Great Whites use their speed & coloring to help them hunt. They search for prey at the surface of the ocean while swimming below. Once they spot a target, they use a burst of speed to bump their prey while simultaneously biting it. They have several rows of teeth that can number into the thousands. As teeth fall out, they are rapidly replaced by those in the row behind them. These sharp, serrated teeth can be devastating. A single, large bite can be fatal. When Great White Sharks

########
Rank: 20
Score: 40.695267
Retrieved Text: Few things are more import to an angler than structure. When an inshore fisherman thinks of what structure means to their fishing, they gravitate towards rock piles, sunken trees, and contour break lines. However, finding and fishing offshore saltwater structure is entirely different but every bit as vital to having a successful day fishing.
Off the coast of the Florida Keys, one of the most vital types of structure an angler can fish is reefs. Numerous different types of gamefish use reefs as feeding grounds. From sharks to sailfish, reefs provide an opportunity to pinpoint structure to fish offshore.
Not only are there natural reefs an angler can fish, but too, the Florida Fish and Game has created artificial reefs to promote and support fish life.
To locate reefs an angler must rely on their electronics either from locating reefs themselves or by following GPS waypoints found online. Don’t be afraid to check with bait shops or locals either for help finding reefs.
As with all types of structure, some reefs are better than others and gamefish are constantly on the move following their food. Don’t be afraid to explore different reefs and even come back to reefs that did not produce much fish in the past.
To fish a reef, an angler can deploy a variety of tactics. Vertical jigging and casting out a live bait are go-to’s for any offshore angler, however, drifting a reef edge with the wind can be just as rewarding.
Large sailfish are often caught on the edge of a reef at certain times of the year during

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.473576
Retrieved Text: This article is referring to the flattened shark species Squatina squatina, also known as the “angelshark.” For the “other” monkfish, see the anglerfish article. The monkfish, or angelshark, is a critically endangered species of shark native to the coasts of the northeast Atlantic Ocean. They have flattened bodies, much like stingrays do, with an almost arrow-like body shape. Read on to learn about the monkfish.
This species of shark is incredibly odd-looking. This species of shark is one of the largest in its family, and can reach lengths nearly 8 ft. long. It looks almost like a cross between a stingray and a rug that got sucked into the vacuum.
Their long sides are actually extensive pectoral fins, and another set of fins large triangular fins follow them. They also have two small dorsal fins located just before the tail fin. This is a shark that you really have to see to believe.
This strange shark species is just as interesting as it looks. Sadly, their populations are in severe decline due to human activity. Learn more about why these cool creatures need your help below.
A Fish of Many Names – These sharks lay claim to a number of names, including monkfish, angelsharks, and even sand devils. An animal with the nickname sand devil and angelshark? Now that’s ironic!
Sit and Wait – This species, like all angel sharks, are ambush predators. They bury themselves just beneath the sand or mud and wait for prey to stray too close. Spotted colors, which match the sand they hide beneath, cover their

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.454247
Retrieved Text: If You Want How Do Fish Gills Work Find Them Here & Save Time and Money!
Fish use their gills to extract oxygen from the water. So they need them as much as you need your lungs. The main difference between lungs and gills (other than water vs. air) is that lungs are tidal - air flows in one way, and back out the other way.
Why Do Fish Have Gills? Fish have gills because these organs are used to extract oxygen from the surrounding water in which a fish lives. Gills are different from lungs because gills generally work unidirectionally: water moves in one direction across the gills in order for the organs to extract oxygen.
Some fish, like sharks and lampreys, possess multiple gill openings. However, bony fish have a single gill opening on each side. This opening is hidden beneath a protective bony cover called the operculum. Juvenile bichirs have external gills, a very primitive feature that they share with larval amphibians.
Fish have gills because they need them to survive underwater. Gills absorb oxygen from the water just like we absorb oxygen from the air. At some point way back in time, the ancestors of fish needed to be able to breathe underwater, and those that evolved gills were able to.
A fish breathes by taking water into its mouth and forcing it out through the gill passages. As water passes over the thin walls of the gills, dissolved oxygen moves into the blood and travels to the fish's cells. If fish can breathe underwater, then why

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.30781
Retrieved Text: A basking shark or Cetorhinus maximus is an oceangoing fish. Basking sharks are among the largest fish in the world, with specimens averaging around 33 feet (10 meters) in length. They share some physical traits with their shark relatives, but unlike other large sharks, they are not dangerous to people.
These fish are found in temperate waters all over the world, usually close to the shoreline. They are known as basking sharks because they have a habit of feeding and living near the surface, appearing to bask in the sun and warmer water. They can range in color from grayish to black, and are often mottled in color. Basking sharks are very slow swimmers, in part because of their large bulk.
This shark species is a filter feeder. It relies on marine microorganisms like krill for survival and does not seek out prey like fish. While basking sharks have teeth, they are small and poorly formed and do not pose a threat. They can be dangerous in close quarters because they may accidentally cause injuries with their sheer size, and there have been some recorded cases where people have collided with basking sharks in small boats and their craft have sustained damages.
Basking sharks have a distinctive pointed snout and very large gills that wrap almost entirely around the head. They have triangular dorsal fins that sometimes lead people to confuse them with their more dangerous cousins, and their rear fins are lunate, meaning that they are shaped roughly like a waxing or waning moon, depending on which side

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.210445
Retrieved Text: When Does a Shark Need Camouflage?
Using light to hide in the dark might sound like a foolish thing to do, but consider this; when you’re swimming at the bottom of the deep ocean and you look up, what do you see? Light. A dim, glowing blue light filtering down through the water from the surface. And, seen from below, that’s exactly what the smalleye pygmy shark looks like. Its glowing blue belly blends in.
The tiny shark uses light organs called photophores on its belly to create light. When it wants to turn off the light, pigment cells in its skin darken in front of the photophores. It’s like pulling shades on a window.
Other sharks use this type of bioluminescence, too. In fact, ten percent of the 400 or so known species of sharks can produce this kind of light. Some, like the two-foot long lantern shark can also use their photophores for communication. They flash their lights like a signal beacon to let potential mates know where they are.
Big sharks like makos and great whites don’t use photophores. After all, they’re not too worried about predators from below. (Their only predator is man.) However, they are concerned about keeping it on the sly when they’re hunting prey. For them, “countershading” seems to be enough camouflage. Their topsides are dark so that when they’re swimming beneath you, or some tasty fish, they blend in with the darker water below. When they’re menacing prey from above, the light underbelly is supposed to make it harder to notice that

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.12984
Retrieved Text: If you love sharks as much as we do at Deep Sea World, join us this July for a special themed event celebrating European Shark Week. Head to the aquarium from Saturday 22nd to Sunday 30th July and enjoy a whole host of activities and talks centred about the world’s underwater giants.
The ocean is such a vast space that it’s often hard to imagine how many fascinating creatures are living in the waters (and how many more have through history). We’re giving you the chance to explore a range of shark paraphernalia at our touch table stations.
For those feeling especially brave, why not pick up a tooth from the menacing Megalodon? Believed to have roamed the oceans 2.6 million years ago, Megalodon holds the title for the largest shark species to ever live and is one of the largest predators recorded in history – measuring approximately 52 feet, the shark was a whopping 3 times longer than the longest Great White shark!
The shark’s teeth are so big that they have often been mistaken for rocks or mythologically as dragon and giant serpent tongues. Come and see these fascinating snippets of history from one of the most foreboding creatures for yourself!
Sharks come all in all shapes and sizes but one thing all shark species are known for is their vast mouthful of teeth. Some sharks can actually shed up to 35,000 teeth in a lifetime! Compared to us humans, who only ever have about 52 teeth in a lifetime. Sharks are also known to have more than

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.982105
Retrieved Text: The Miss Liane is a 2006 28 foot Carolina Classic. She is powered by twin diesels, giving her a cruising speed of 25 knots. At the helm, she is equipped with the latest electronics, EPIRB, and all safety equipment required by the united States Coast Guard. Her enclosed cabin includes A/C, heat, private head, and more comforts of home.
Miss Liane Sportfishing Charters is a family oriented charter service. Bring your wife, kids, and friends. You can fish for Fluke, Blowfish, Sea bass, Croakers, Tiger fish, Stripped Bass, Porgies, Weak fish, and Blue fish. We also cator to the hard- core and experienced angler for your corporate groups, or get togethers. We fish Barnegat bay as well as the ocean, including our local lumps, ridges, and drop offs. We troll, jig, and live line. On our in and off shore ocean trips, you can catch Stripped Bass, Bluefish, Bonita, False-Albacore, Skip- Jack, Mahi-Mahi, sharks and Blue fin Tuna. We offer tournament fishing dates for most local tournaments as well.
We supply all tackle (Shimano, Garcia, and Penn rods and reels). Bait and ice are provided. Expert instruction for novices or those eager to improve their skills. All fish filleting is included which is done by our first mate. If you have any questions please contact us.
We'll be more than happy to hear from you. Hope to see you soon on the water!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.88617
Retrieved Text: AUSTRALIA — It looks like something out of “Alien,” but has more in common with “Jurassic Park.” It’s a rare frilled shark that has been caught by a fisherman in Australia, where no one remembers ever seeing one caught before. With a mouth packed full of needle-like teeth and a body like an eel, the six-foot long frilled shark is sometimes described as a fish “fossil” that dates back 80 million years.
David Guillot says that it’s like nothing he or his fellow fisherman have ever seen in the deep waters in Australia’s south west.
“It was really prehistoric looking, freaky really,” Guillot said.
He caught the fish while trawling for fish at 1,100 meters a week ago, and thought he might have discovered some new type of shark.
The shark is known to live at extreme depths in both the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, but are very infrequently caught because their habitat is mostly off limits to fishing, said Simon Boaz of Australia’s South East Trawl Fishing Industry Association.
Guillot said that the frilled shark was still alive when he got it to the surface. But it did not live after being pulled up from the frigid depths. So he offered it to a local museum.
This seven-foot fish washed ashore in California. What happened next shocked scientists.
Baby Shark has taken over the world. Here’s who’s responsible.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.76871
Retrieved Text: Get your rods, reels and tackles ready — The White Marlin Open returns for its 45th year August 6 – 10, with purse money expected to exceed $5 million. The white marlin has all but been crowned the official fish of Ocean City, and every year the billfish and its annual tournament draws thousands of anglers and onlookers to the water and the weigh-ins at Harbour Island on 14th Street and the Bay.
In addition to white marlin, prizes are also awarded for sharks (pictured here), blue marlin, wahoo, dolphin and tuna.
The largest billfish tournament in the world.
Not only is the White Marlin Open the largest billfish tournament in the world, it’s also held in the “White Marlin Capital of the World.” It was President Franklin Roosevelt who first awarded Ocean City that title after a prosperous day spent fishing at the Inlet in 1939, and the town has more than lived up to its designation in the decades since.
The first White Marlin Open was held in 1974 and continuously awards prize money to white marlin, blue marlin, tuna, wahoo, dolphin and shark catches. The first tournament awarded a total of $20,000 in prize money, with a top prize of $5,000; in 2017, more than $5 million was awarded in total, with a top prize of $1.6 million.
The tournament was already a decent size in its first year, with 57 boats and 150 anglers competing for 20 grand, but since the 70s the White Marlin Open has absolutely exploded. In 2017 there were 358 registered boats and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.72528
Retrieved Text: Many of them, it is not strange, they eat plankton. Plankton is a conglomeration of various microscopic and small organisms. Mainly unicellular plankton contains algae, which absorb solar energy, thereby transforming inorganic substances into organic food.
Among the live algae protozoa unicellular animals and planktonic animals (fish, crustaceans). The most abundant and dense layer of plankton found in the surface waters of the ocean. Imagine how much you have to eat a huge fish like this food so he can eat? All sharks are predatory fish. They catch mammals. fish, birds. Often attack people in the coastal zone, where come for the plankton. Scientists explain the behavior of sharks, as encroachment of man into their territory.
I ameloblastoma body shape, dorsal fin large, strong tail. Big mouth, tucked away inside a huge number of dangerous sharp teeth, which are arranged in several rows. Gill slits are narrow, they are very visible because they are not covered by the Gill covers.
The barbed body is covered with placoid scales. They look like shark teeth – sharp, just very small. Patting the fish against their growth, can up blood to get hurt. Eyes are small, she sees well. Hearing she was in trouble. Well-developed sense of smell, so to speak, “the sixth sense” is the lateral line of the body.
Sharks reproduce in different ways. Someone lays eggs, hiding them in the rocks or in the algae, and there are viviparous species. About the offspring they don’t care, little fish themselves provided. But already at birth they are predators. Today scientists count

================



======= Instance Index 85 =========
Input Text: A horse eats some hay, an apple and a sugar cube, then peacefully roams a field after eating while digesting the meal. During this time

Which is the correct answer?
- the horse throws up
- the food is deconstructed
- the horse is hungry
- the food is poisoned

Target Text: the food is deconstructed

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.37711
Retrieved Text: The Way of Horses: Your Horse Has Bugs!
0Your horse has bugs! I’m not trying to be rude, just factual. Your horse has bugs! Your horse is a non-ruminant herbivore. In simple terms this means he eats plants and does not have multiple stomachs (a rumen) like a cow or sheep. But, he does have a cecum.
The cecum is part of the large intestine or hindgut. It is a fermentation vat and contains billions of bacteria and protozoa. These “bugs” break down insoluble carbohydrates (fiber) and allow the horse to derive energy from a food source that would otherwise be indigestible. Soluble carbohydrates (starches and sugars) must be digested in the small intestine. Grains and most commercially manufactured feeds are high in soluble carbs. If a horse consumes too much feed containing soluble carbohydrates the feed can get pushed through the small intestine and into the cecum.
When the high starch and sugar meal arrives in the cecum the beneficial bacteria and protozoa go crazy. The unnatural rapid fermentation process produces lactic acid. Lactic acid lowers the pH in the hindgut and creates an acidic environment (cecal acidosis). This in turn kills the good “bugs” and may lead to the release of endotoxins (poison) into the blood. These endotoxins can cause colic or laminitis.
The bacteria and protozoa in the cecum must be given time to adjust when a feed change is being implemented. It takes about three weeks for the microbial population to be totally adjusted to the new feed and digesting at maximum potential. Always make feed

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.9579
Retrieved Text: Slow Feeding Info – Fighting Ulcers, improving performance.
This website has visitors from 134 countries and 44 states in the USA.
Mustangs on natural slow feeding in the Nevada desert.
Scientific studies tell us that a very large proportion of our domestic horses suffer from stomach ulcers. Some studies have shown over 90% among competing horses. Often this is because our feeding regimes leave them without food for too many hours per day.
We know that, in the wild, horses only sleep for about 4 hours per day and spend most of the remainder searching for food,which may be sparse in their natural habitat.
Most domestic horses’ diets are too high in sugars and lacking in fiber which is fed too infrequently resulting in long periods without food. More and more studies indicate that 4 hours without food might be the ideal maximum. Other studies indicate that the situation becomes critical after 2 hours as that is when cribbing horses start to crib. 2 hours is also the time taken for food to pass through the small intestine leaving it empty and vulnerable to burning digestive juices.
With slow feeding, not only does the hay last for longer, but more importantly the horse takes smaller mouthfuls, each of which he chews for longer and therefore feels replete before he finishes everything that is in front of him. Nibbling instead of gobbling makes him chew every fiber much more rigorously and that is what makes him feel satisfied.
SlowFeeding lets your horse eat for longer without eating more.
Experience has shown that when the horse

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.271217
Retrieved Text: A long winter coat can hide weight loss, so periodically feel your horse&apos;s ribs to see if He&apos;s holding his weight during the cold winter months. If He&apos;s having trouble and He&apos;s cleaning up everything you&apos;re giving him, feed as much hay as he needs or will consume, increasing it gradually.
Feed it a couple of times a day during the winter to minimize waste, if you can.? Remember that it&apos;s the digestion of hay, not grain, that helps keep your horse warm. A cold horse will burn more calories and, when a horse&apos;s coat is wet, it loses its insulating capacity. Consider blanketing your horse if He&apos;s losing weight or cold (see January 2010 issue).
Off color or sour smell.
Tinged with mold and/or dust.
If the feed seems OK, call your vet immediately. The horse may be ill.
Grain Considerations. If increasing hay alone is not enough, add grain. Start with about a half pound (about half a scoop) and increase to no more than 3 pounds of grain per feeding at a maximum of two to three times a day. Remember: Extruded feeds are easier for the horse to digest but weigh less than pellets or whole grains, so you may need to feed a larger volume of grain.
Consider a pro- or prebiotic product to increase the efficiency of fermentation, such as Forco (www.forcocolorado.com, 303-663-7115) or Ration Plus (www.cytozyme.com, 801-533-9208).
Water Consumption. Check water consumption, too.? The more hay a horse eats, the more water he needs to consume. For example, if He&apos;s eating 22 pounds of pay per

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.88154
Retrieved Text: Most horse owners enjoy feeding their horses. It's fun to see your horse enjoy its meals and coming running to you when it sees you coming with the feed bucket. But it's easy to make a mistake when planning your horse's dietary needs. Avoid these 10 common feeding mistakes.
As horse owners, we usually enjoy looking after our companions and that often means providing them with the best feeds possible. However, it's easy to go overboard on the feed. Overfeeding can lead to problems of obesity including equine metabolic syndrome and can lead to laminitis. If you find yourself becoming a master chef for a horse that doesn't have any unusual or specific feeding requirements, you could be in danger of overfeeding your horse. Most horses need a very simple diet of good pasture or hay and only need supplements or concentrates if there is a shortfall in nutrition. There's no need to be mixing and cooking bran mashes, slicing carrots and serving up elaborate meals. Having hay tested is a good idea, as it indicates what types of supplements you might add to your horse's diet.
Overfeeding is a particular problem in young horses. While it's tempting to keep your weanling or yearling pleasingly plump, too rapid growth can cause joint malformations. Your youngster will benefit from slow steady growth, regular parasite control medications and ample exercise that keep it lean and fit.
Underfeeding can be a problem with senior horses and horses that are working hard. While hard-working horses can be expected to look lean, they shouldn't

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.472267
Retrieved Text: I know it seems like a silly thing to say, but it’s surprising how often it seems like people feel like they are something entirely different.
Miniature Horses who show in halter are horses too.
They’re not some mystical being that needs entirely different care and management. Believe it or not, they’re still horses.
That means they eat grass. Or in the winter, dried grass, which is also known as hay.
Horses evolved to eat a large amount of relatively poor quality forage, and their digestion is ideally suited for this environment.
Humans evolved to eat when food was available, in meals. As a result, our bodies produce stomach acid only in response to food, only when it’s needed.
Horses are different. Their digestion relies on a steady, nearly constant supply of food, so their bodies produce stomach acid constantly.
That stomach acid, without a steady supply of forage as a buffer, begins to eat away at the lining of the stomach, causing painful and dangerous gastric ulcers.
Pasture, hay, cubes, pellets, alfalfa, haylage … it’s all forage.
To prevent colic and gastric ulcers and generally promote good digestive health, forage must be the biggest part of your horse’s diet, at least 70% of their total ration to be safe, and never less than 50%.
Many horses can be healthy, happy and productive – even as show or performance horses – on a diet of solely good quality forage.
All horses (and remember, Miniature Horses are horses) should be fed a maintenance diet of 2% of their body weight in forage per day.
This is where a lot

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.36159
Retrieved Text: "Chex" is an American Quarter mare who has retired from her show career & now trail rides with owner Tina Schleich.
"Porky " Is a grade Paint horse who belongs to the boss around here Gary! Gary says he is just the right size to get on & not very far to fall off of. He is our "go to guy" when anyone needs a spare horse.
"Willie" is a Mustang & is returning to his roots, trail riding with owner Susan Dill.
"Tootie" is an American Paint Horse who is a great trail horse. She will go anywhere & is for sale. Owner: Plainview Stables, Inc.
"Tyra" is an American Paint Horse who likes to go English & do a little jumping. Tyra just had a long ride from New England. Her owner, Christy Midgett is our newest boarder. Welcome!
"Copper Penny" is an American Quarter Horse & loves to trail ride with owner Jodi Jeffries..
Boarding at Plainview Stables is an individual program styled to fit each horse.
fencing to meet your every need.
Option One: Your horse is fed in it's stall in the morning at approximately 8:30 a.m. When it is finished eating it is put out to pasture to spend the day. It is then brought in at approximately 4:00 p.m. & fed it's evening meal in its own stall. Weather permitting, it is then returned to the pasture. If inclement weather, i.e. snowing, freezing rain, sleet, etc. it is left in the stall, fed hay & water for the night.
Option Two: Available for those who prefer to have

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.351505
Retrieved Text: I keep on giving my bunny hay in a little container, but he never eats it. He always bites the container and plays around with it. He never eats hay. Not even 1 tiny piece! Please help.
There are lots of reasons why a bunny isn't eating much hay. Can you describe his full diet? Has he been to a rabbit savvy vet to get his teeth checked? What kind of hay are you feeding?
I agree with K. There's a bunch of reasons why I bunny won't eat much hay. His diet is most important. So we need to know what you feed him, how much you feed him, and how often you feed him non-hay items (things like pellets, greens, treats). Have you tried other varieties and brands? Some bunnies can be picky and prefer a specific type and brand of hay. If all else seems fine, his teeth could be bothering him, in which case he'd need a vet visit to examine his front and back teeth.
Besides making sure that your bunny isn't being overfed with pellets or other food, and that he doesn't have any dental problems, maybe he can't access the hay easily since you said it's in a small container. Rabbits like to forage through hay. I place the hay for my bunnies on a quilted place mat. They can easily eat it and rummage through it, even lay on it if they want to. Besides trying different varieties and brands of hay, you can buy hay toppers, which are dried flowers

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.28491
Retrieved Text: So far we have covered the definition of grazers as an animal that eats cellulose. We have discussed the similarities between carbohydrates (glucose, starch, cellulose, glycogen), fats (triglycerides, short chain fatty acids, ketones) and amino acids (the building blocks of protein). Each of these have the atoms Carbon, Hydrogen and Oxygen and the way they are put together into molecules determines whether they become a carbohydrate, fat or protein. In this article we will be looking at the microbes in our gut and their relationship to the different molecule construction.
The concept of gut microbes will either mesmerize you or will completely turn you off to further discussions on feeding anything. It took me a bit of convincing but now that my paradigm has shifted, I live by this concept. Simply put, we do NOT feed us or our horses. We feed the bacteria living inside the gastrointestinal tract and THEY feed us and our horses. This is the part that has been missing in so many discussions on nutrition and has lead to more confusion. It is the missing link. Feeding the body is a two step process involving the gut microbes.
Now the concept of comfort food is not the food that comforts us but the food that comforts the gut microbes that in turn makes our horses healthy and happy. And grains are NOT comfort foods.
The words to describe the colonies of microbes that inhabit the gut are the “microbiome” and the “microbiota.” There are also microbes on the skin (this causes the arm pit

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.18522
Retrieved Text: In horses’ natural setting, where they eat almost constantly and consume large amounts of forage, a fibrous “mat” develops in their stomachs, floating on top of the stomach acid. This mat helps prevent acid (which is constantly secreted in the stomach’s lower glandular portion, which is protected by a mucus layer) from splashing up and the nonglandular part of the stomach (where the cells of the lining do not produce protective mucus).
When we meal feed horses, this mat is diminished and, therefore, less of a barrier between the stomach acid and the unprotected nonglandular tissue forms. And, not surprisingly, most gastric ulcers are located in the nonglandular portion or along the dividing line (called the margo plicatus) between the two sections.
After your horse has finished eating, it takes only about 6 hours for the majority of that meal to leave the stomach. So, when you ride before meal times and many hours after the horse’s last meal, his stomach lacks the same level of protection that would have existed shortly after he ate.
Additionally, some foods can act as a buffer, helping to raise the pH of the stomach acid. This is especially true of forages, particularly high-calcium legumes such as alfalfa.
Finally, chewing causes saliva to be released, which also helps buffer the stomach acid. So, if your horse eats close to riding, his stomach acid might be less acidic due to this buffering action.
The best thing you can do when your horse hasn’t eaten for several hours before a ride is to feed it something beforehand.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.88004
Retrieved Text: Nutrition Fundamentals: Structural Carbohydrates | Star Milling Co.
Carbohydrates provide energy but the source of the carbohydrate and the type of digestion dictates the amount of energy that is ultimately available to the horse. The base unit of a carbohydrate is the monosaccharide (mono = one; saccharide = sugar) and how these basic units are connected to form different carbohydrates will determine the site of digestion and the nutritional value that is delivered.
Carbohydrates can be divided into two general categories, nonstructural and structural carbohydrates. Starches and sugars, known as nonstructural carbohydrates are digested by enzymes and are absorbed in the foregut. Fiber components, cellulose and hemicellulose, known as structural carbohydrates are digested by microorganisms throughout the gut but primarily in the hindgut. Structural carbohydrates are also important to gut health.
Structural Carbohydrates, what are they?
Structural carbohydrates make-up the plant cell wall and are resistant to digestion by enzymes produced in the horse’s foregut. For comparison, the nonstructural carbohydrates are found inside the plant cell (cell content) and are digested by horse’s enzymes. See the plant cell diagram below.
Fiber consists of structural carbohydrates. As fiber in a diet increase and starch, fat & protein feedstuffs decrease, the less energy consumed. There is not an established dietary requirement for structural carbohydrates. A requirement is inferred with minimum forage intake recommendations. Structural carbohydrates (fiber) are responsible for promoting gut contraction or movement. An increase in structural carbohydrates consumption will increase gut contraction.
Long stem fiber (hay) promotes the gut to contract with more vigor than hay pellet or cubes. Long stem fiber

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.27886
Retrieved Text: Wellness 101 | Give Me My Sugar!
Have you ever tried to stop eating sugar for a day? Did you think of sugar all day long? Do you crave sugary foods even when you are not hungry? I hear you and understand exactly where you are. We are not alone…the average American eats about 130 pounds of sugar a year. Wow! And that is average so we know there are people who are eating a lot more.
What is the deal with sugar that makes us want to eat so much? The Connecticut College in New London, CT thinks it is addictive as cocaine and morphine based on a study they did on rats that showed that the rats went for the Oreo cookie rather than wanting cocaine or morphine. I guess sugar is the drug of choice even for rats.
A sugar addiction can really be blamed on dopamine which is a chemical in the brain that is secreted when someone eats sugar. The more sugar you eat, the more you will want it. Dopamine is said to be the pleasure chemical, the love potion and the gangster that takes over the streets of your body with addictions.
Sugar causes the release of dopamine, causing the consumer to develop an insatiable craving for sugar. It makes it pleasurable to eat it so people tend to eat lots of it. Once you consume it in any form, it is broken down into simple sugars before it is absorbed into the bloodstream from the digestive tract. The two simple sugars involved

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.225967
Retrieved Text: Treats for Horses - Horse Nutrition | Star Milling Co.
Many horse owners love offering a tasty treat to their horse as a reward or during a “bonding moment”. Just keep in mind that treats are just that – a treat – and they’re perfectly fine as long as you go about it the right way.
Sugar cubes: Perhaps the oldest treat of the horse world, sugar cubes are a great treat when fed sparingly. One sugar cube has about 4 grams of sugar (one teaspoon). Keep in mind that all feeds (except oil & water) have sugars and starches. One medium apple has 19 grams of sugar, equivalent to almost 5 sugar cubes. To have a better perspective of foods and sugar you may want to read Is Molasses Unhealthy? in Dr. Bray’s Corner.
Peppermint candy: Yes they made the list and Star Brite has only 3.7 grams of sugar. See Peppermint Treats Are Ok for Your Horse for more info.
Cookie: Grocery store cookies are perhaps the most expensive choice and have more sugar and other additives than a single sugar cube (sugar cookie: 9 grams of sugar / Oreo: 14g / ginger snap: 7g / sugar cube: 4g). Ginger snaps were not popular at my house, so any homemade holiday gift of ginger snaps would go into the trash or sometimes with me to the barn. The only problem was that they always crumbled in my jacket pocket!
Horse treat: There are horse treats available at feed stores. As with any feed, make sure to take a look

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.7517
Retrieved Text: My husband has lived for thirty one years and in all that time, I dont think he ever thought that his eating habits would change so much. He grew up eating the typical american diet. Lots of grease and sugar; and of course, as most man do, he loved and still loves meat (but now meat is not part of his daily diet)!
When we married two and a half years ago, our eating habits were not good at all. I remember us going grocery shopping and coming out of the store with a cart full of processed, frozen and just unhealthy food. We ate anything from hot pockets to soda, to frozen pizza and everything in between. Fortunately that only lasted about a year and a half. I began to watch videos about healthy eating and it really made me realize how bad we ate. So little by little our diet changed. We stopped buying anything that was canned and frozen. Once we stopped buying canned and frozen foods, vegetables and fruits-live foods, were our only choice. So our journey of eating better began and it is still going.
Today, my husband eats so much better. He even helped me come up with the perfect lunch for him. This is something anyone can do and afford. So if you have a picky husband, this lunch idea might help.
All I do is put some spinach in a bowl, drizzle a bit of olive oil, sprinkle salt and cayenne pepper and mix it together. When that is done, I

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.68731
Retrieved Text: The term 'water soluble carbohydrates' simply refers to carbohydrates that are soluble in water and is the sum of sugar plus fructan, the storage form of sugar in grass and other forages. Forage for laminitics should contain less than 10% WSC (dry matter) although levels in hay, haylage and grazing can easily exceed this. In fact, grass contains up to 50% WSC and levels in both hay and haylage can easily reach 20% (or above!).
Is sugar unhealthy or unnatural for horses?
Sugar, like any other nutrient, plays an important role in the diet for any horse or pony. Horse's evolved to consume grass which produces sucrose as its primary fuel source, which means they are actually well adapted to digesting and utilising sugar. Therefore in healthy, exercised horses in ideal body condition, sugar shouldn't cause a problem. However, there are undoubtedly some horses and ponies that do need a low sugar (not sugar free) diet, particularly those prone to laminitis. In these cases, start by trying to reduce the sugar in the horse/ pony's forage ration.
Can horses be allergic to sugar?
No! Glucose is the primary energy source utilised by body cells, including the brain thus making it is impossible for horses to be allergic to sugar. If low levels of sugar are consumed through the diet, the horse will convert other nutrients in order to meet the demand for glucose.
Can high levels of sugar cause excitability?
Yes, although compound and fibre feeds contribute very little sugar to the total diet, even if they contain molasses. In reality, behavioural

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.563606
Retrieved Text: When dealing with a laminitic horse or pony, we’ve all heard this solution: “Lock them up and restrict their food intake.” Starvation has long been lauded as the only solution for managing founder, but can that method do more harm than good?
The other option, controversial though it may be, is to provide free and unlimited access to forage. Preferably more than the horse can consume. It may sound counterproductive but it’s important to consider that laminitis is a complicated physiological and anatomical condition that, in many ways, has been oversimplified. The problem has more to do with than just sugar intake.
It is absolutely true that a diet low in sugar and starch is essential, but the horse should still be permitted to behave instinctively and eat with regularity. In fact, reducing availability to food is laying the foundation for laminitis.
Horses have evolved to eat continuously throughout the day, in small quantities, moving as they chew. Today, we keep them confined to small areas and in many cases restrict their food consumption to 2 to 3 large meals a day, while feeding nothing in between. Then, the more weight they gain, the more we restrict their intake.
Research has shown undoubtedly that the primary cause of laminitis is raised insulin levels, and we know that insulin levels increase in response to the consumption of simple sugars. However, insulin levels are also increased by other factors—namely stress. Stress can occur as a result of travel, intense exercise, mental or physical discomfort, pain, and last but not least, an empty

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.16496
Retrieved Text: What is a Good Doer?
The term 'good doer' is often used to describe horses and ponies that maintain and/ or gain weight easily. Although ponies, natives and warmbloods are renowned for being good doers, every horse or pony is an individual - some Thoroughbreds can also maintain weight easily on little or no compound feed.
Excess weight gain and obesity can also have a significant effect on the horse/ pony's energy levels and performance.
If your horse/ pony is already in good or overweight condition, don't be tempted to increase his feed in an attempt to improve his energy levels. Remember, energy = calories!
Avoid over-rugging - make the most of chilly periods by encouraging your horse or pony to use his own reserves for keeping warm!
Total forage intake should not be restricted to less than 15g per kg bodyweight dry matter per day including grazing. As a guide, ignore grass intake in those turned out for only a few hours and feed at least 50% of the minimum daily ration to those stabled for 12 hours.
Feed approximately 20-50% (1.2-1.5 times) more haylage than hay by weight to account for the higher moisture content and ensure suitable fibre intake.
Hay can be deceptively high in sugar, regardless of the cut, smell or physical appearance. Soaking for 12-16 hours in tepid water can reduce water soluble carbohydrate (sugar + fructan, the storage form of sugar in grass) by up to 50% However results are variable and cannot guarantee suitability for laminitics. Soaking time should also be reduced to a maximum of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.052265
Retrieved Text: To see the electronic article on page 84 of The Plaid Horse, please click here.
I understand how the constant go-go-go of the horse show life can wear you out by the end of the day. I have a few tips for you that may help you stay stronger and more focused as you hop from one pony to the next! First, make sure you are getting enough sleep because sleep deprivation can cause foggy thinking and make you feel weak. While you may be tempted to catch up with other horse show friends or watch some TV late at night, it is important that you get enough sleep in order to allow your body to repair and recover from all of the day’s riding. Staying hydrated throughout the day is critical too (especially as the sun comes out and the day gets hotter). Not drinking enough water can lead to fatigue and even make you feel dizzy and confused. You can keep a stainless steel water bottle in your trunk or grooming box to sip water from during the day. Lastly, make sure you are eating proper meals with real foods. Skipping breakfast or lunch can definitely make you feel weak as you literally don’t have the fuel in your body to support riding all day. Don’t be shy about talking with your trainer about needing a moment to eat or having a quick snack for more energy. Try to choose non-processed foods and avoid sugar and sweets since these can ultimately make you feel tired.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.720367
Retrieved Text: EQUINE NUTRITION - SENIORS | Star Milling Co.
I have a senior 27 year old Quarter Arab cross 14.3h that is retired and gets light regular exercise. I've had a tough time in the past few months keeping her weight up and have decided to switch her to pellets since she leaves behind so much of the regular alfalfa. She's missing a couple teeth too. I'm wondering exactly how much I should feed her to help her gain some weight back safely. Is there a weight-to-feed ratio you use when trying to add weight to a horse? I’m looking at Ace Hi Alfalfa Hay Pellets and we supplement 3lbs of Integrity Adult/Senior with molasses 4 times a week to get her some extra calories with a "weight builder" product. Would love some advice, thanks!
For a 14.3 H QHxArab cross let’s assume a body weight goal approximately 950 - 1000 lbs. With light work, she should be fed approximately 16-17 lbs of forage per day. Long stem hay is critical to gut health and if you take a look at my fact sheet on Feeding Guidelines for Horses, it recommends that processed hay (hay pellets/cubes) should not exceed 50% of the total forage intake. The reason is that horses drink less water with pellets/cubes and water is important to gut health with microbes that reside in the gut. Therefore hay pellets should not exceed 8 lbs and long stem hay would be 8 lbs.
Since you will be switching a portion of the diet to hay pellets, keep the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.644276
Retrieved Text: With Gali's surgery I knew a lot would change, namely he's diet. The truth is that he was already taking a few supplements to prevent colics but after the surgery I knew the supplements would become even more important and he would need more than those he was already taking.
Gali already knew and enjoyed Alfa Beet. It is made of alfalfa and unmolassed sugar beet pulp and it helps us keeping him hydrated as the pellets are transformed into a mash with water (and it requires a lot of water, which is great).
Most importantly, Alfa Beet is low in sugar and, after the surgery, laminitis was something we needed to prevent.
Alfa-A was suggested by the vet. It is made from pure Alfalfa and it is the only solid he's eating (besides grass). It is important because it is a high fibre feed and, as Dengie explains, it "is proven to aid the digestive health and buffer acidity in the digestive tract".
I can't express how grateful I am for Horse Remedy's help. As soon as they heard the news, they offered to help me, even sent a couple of supplements for Gali and clarified all my doubts - they rock! Probioguts was one of the supplements they sent. Two of its functions I like the most are that it improves and maintains the balance of the intestinal flora and enhances nutrients and vitamins assimilation.
It is made of spelt bran that was fermented with a mix of lactobacilli and bacilli (they call these "the good bacteria").
Oh, and the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.59426
Retrieved Text: “I just ordered your product, Horse Guard, per recommendation from my vet. My horse is a 16-year old in moderate work, fed a grass/alfalfa mix twice daily, a hay local to us here in Utah. He does not have access to field/grass turnout or any additional forage. He is of good weight, and has a healthy coat and hooves, but like many horse owners, I felt like he might be missing key nutrients in his diet. I noticed the feeding advice for this particular supplement is to feed on top of some kind of grain. What is your recommendation?
Thank you for the questions. I think you will love Horse Guard. First off, we recommend top dressing the supplement on a little bit of grain simply for palatability reasons. There are no added fillers to the product so it has much the taste of a multi-vitamin. With that being said, I have many horses who happily eat it out of my hand with nothing added it or just put on their hay. If your gelding eats it without anything added or on top of his hay that’s great and you don’t need to add anything. However, if your horse isn’t so sure about it you can mix it with just enough concentrate (I have great luck with just a handful of rolled oats or wet cobb). There is no need to feed a ration balancer because like you said, he’s getting his vitamins and minerals from Horse.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.30645
Retrieved Text: This article is intended to provide some basic principles and a starting point for use in enhancing the health of your horse. Naturally, as your demands on your horse to perform increase, so do his nutritional requirements. The underlying approach, however, is the same: Low calorie, high fiber forage is the basis of your horse’s diet. It doesn’t make any sense to decide that your horse gets 2 flakes of hay in the morning and 2 flakes at night and then conclude that if he loses weight you reach for the concentrates. You would be amazed at what you discover once you let your horse decide how much forage he needs. You would find that when their winter coat starts to come in, even if it is still warm, they eat like there is no tomorrow. As soon as the coat is established, their hay consumption drops, even if the temperatures are colder.
Sometimes when horses are stressed, they don’t eat very much, only to make up for it a couple of days later. How could they do that if they were not left to regulate themselves? Once on a free-choice feed program, the demeanor of many horses change. They become more cooperative, less grouchy. They stop “vacuuming” up anything that comes their way and walk away from their food only to return a while later for more nibbles. Yes, nibbles, not gorging! Even “easy keeper” ponies can be maintained on a free-choice program as long as they are fed appropriate low NSC forage slowly and have

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.223198
Retrieved Text: Why you need to DO SOMETHING about Laminitis NOW!
February has been a busy month weather wise, here in Wiltshire we were snowed in earlier in the month, and a few weeks later we’ve had some lovely warm sunny days. Now we are into March and Spring is around the corner. This is the ideal time to think think about laminitis, and assess your horse’s risk levels. There are plenty of actions you can take to help your horse, and I am going to outline these in this article.
If your horse suffers with laminitis you are probably on ‘lami- alert’ all year round, it can be a very difficult condition to manage. However so many owners think of laminitis as a disease that occurs just in the Springtime, and only affects a fat ‘Thelwell’ type pony. Sadly this is not the case. Laminitis is now thought to be the biggest cause of lameness, and an increasing number of horses are euthanized each year due to the unbearable pain of this condition.
So with this in mind here are five steps you can take to reduce your horse’s risk of suffering from laminitis.
Laminitis can affect horses of all ages, shapes and sizes but the overweight animal is at significantly greater risk of suffering from laminitis. Whilst a hairy cob or Shetland pony can’t be magically morphed into a lean Thoroughbred it is possible to have your horse at a healthy weight whatever their type.
So firstly it is essential to realistically assess your horse’s weight and body condition score. I

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.21376
Retrieved Text: Forage in the form of hay or pasture is the primary ingredient in the diet for most horses.
Horses can consume many different varieties of high quality forage, both alfalfa and grasses, without any digestive upset provided the horse is properly adapted to the forage.
So what drives the selection process for the variety of forage that is “good” or “best” for horses? The following article will summarize some of the selection criteria and misconceptions that horse owners have about forage.
There are many plants that can be grown, cut and stored for use as horse forage. From a practical standpoint, forages can be roughly divided into legumes and grasses. Legumes commonly include alfalfa and clover. Grasses consist of many varieties including: timothy grass, orchard grass, rye grass, bermuda grass, teff grass, blue grass, fescue and many others.
Horses can’t “pick a variety” forage. I have personally heard that horses can’t eat alfalfa, clover, fescue, bermuda grass as well as other varieties.
If forage is properly cut, harvested and stored, horses can eat many varieties of forage. Unless the horse has a specific allergy or health condition, many different forage choices will suffice.
Many horse owners choose forage based on what is familiar to them. Then these people move to a different area of the country that raises different varieties of forage. Rather then condemn a forage as evil, talk with your veterinarian or nutritionist to make an informed decision.
Depending on climate conditions, length of growing season and the variety of forage, it is possible to have as few as one cutting

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.212963
Retrieved Text: Equilibrium Vitamunch is a forage based snack block, containing the highest quality Timothy grass, vitamins, minerals & herbs. As it is high in fibre, but low in sugar, with no cereal, it can even be fed to overweight or laminitis prone horses & ponies.
The Vitamunch blocks are sealed in an airtight bag, within 48hours of the Timothy Grass being cut. This maintains ultimate freshness for your horse. The 1 kg blocks are ideal to feed as a snack anytime, anywhere: in the stable; in the field; whilst travelling or at a competition. As they are compressed, they take longer to eat than normal hay, so they can be great at entertaining bored horses. They can be fed dry, wet or in a net. They come in three delicious flavours: Soothing Summer; Marvelous Meadows or Heavenly Hedgerow. Soothing Summer is enriched with added Camomile, Vitamins C & E; Marigold & Brewers Yeast, to help your horse cope with pollen, heat, insects & flies. Marvelous Meadows is enriched with added dandelion, red clover & nettle. Heavenly Hedgerow is enriched with cleavers, hawthorn & rosehip. Equilibrium Munch Nets are also available & they have been specifically designed to feed Vitamunch blocks. All Equilibrium products are Beta NOPS accredited & made in the UK.
The Elim-a-net is a fantastic, innovatively designed hay-net, designed to slow down your horse's consumption of hay. Ideal for laminitics, overweight horses, or anyone wanting to promote a more natural, slower eating pattern, with less wastage of hay.
Equistro Flexadin UCII is a unique joint supplement, containing collagen

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.10848
Retrieved Text: The Freedom Feeder is still working well, although Sydney has started to outsmart us a bit. He's learned how to avoid using his remarkable prehensile lips by instead wildly shaking the FF to dispense his hay. Yes, that's right. He grabs the bag and shakes it violently until hay rains down into the feeder. He then nibbles and eats until it's gone. Once he has shaken most of the hay loose, and I have no idea how long that takes, he then proceeds to shimmy and scoot the feed tub around his stall until it too is empty.
In an effort to foil his shake and rain routine, we have made some modifications to how the Freedom Feeder hangs. I looped the top edge of the net around the top rail so that it clips back onto itself. This eliminated the gaps. RM also tied the opening to the next rail to make an open slot for sliding in flakes of hay. It also makes the net slightly harder to shake. And finally, the bottom of the net is tied to the fourth rail. Here's a photo.
Nikki, a reader who has used the Freedom Feeder, shared this experience with me, "The other mare, who has historically not been a huge food hound, got a good-sized sore on her upper lip from reaching thru and pulling at the hay.... it took a couple of days for it to show up, but was about quarter-size when I noticed it, and obviously quite tender." Hmmm ... something to keep in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.05984
Retrieved Text: Translation:The sister is eating my apple.
The English in this sentence seems a little unnatural to me. It seems like it should be My sister, or at least a or the sister, though that would sound like it was talking about nuns or something. Does anyone else think the same?
Yes, it does seem a bit odd.
Im pretty sure it's a contextual issue. Like within a nunnery "sister" is used as a first name. Perhaps in Russian this is more common.
Lol. "A sister is eating my apple": Wrong. "ThE SisTEr eATs mY ApPLe": Right.
Can 'ест' be translated as 'eats' as well as 'is eating'? I got ixnayed for using "Sis eats" instead of "Sister is eating", but I am uncertain Duolingo is telling me it's wrong because one or because both of these are incorrect.
"Is eating" sounds more natural in English for something that is being done right now, rather than a repeated occurrence. If she's eating one apple today, then another tomorrow, and another the day after that, then she eats my apples. If you're just saying that she's eating one right now, using "eats" is grammatically correct, but normally you would say she is eating my apple.
I'd guess "Sis" as a translation of сестра wasn't accepted. You could report that, but I would recommend translating as sister in future.
Sis is definitely an informal way of saying sister, so I'm not going to bother reporting that, no.
Thanks for the explanation of 'is eating' vs 'eats'. That makes a lot of sense. I'll try and remember it for

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.02519
Retrieved Text: Equine teeth are open-rooted, which means that they grow continuously and rely on chewing to keep them ground down to the correct length. In a perfect world, the rate of wear would equal the rate of growth and the main teeth, the molars, would wear evenly to provide the ideal chewing surface. However, the top set of molars is wider than the lower set, and horses chew in a circular motion, which means that over time, if the horse has an uneven bite, sharp spurs can develop. Floating is the process whereby the spurs or spikes are “floated” or rasped down with a dental file designed for use in horses. Knowing when to float your horse’s teeth is very important in order to prevent oral pain and to assure your horse is healthy overall.
Determine if your horse has difficulty eating. Dental spurs in your horse’s mouth may dig into the buccal (cheek) or lingual (tongue) surface and cause pain. This indicates that your horse needs its teeth floated.
The horse may be hesitant to eat or eat less than it usually eats.
The horse may take a long time to eat, and throw its head as it eats.
The horse may also exhibit other signs that it is not eating enough, such as losing weight.
Spot sloppy eating to identify oral pain. Your horse may become an untidy eater, slobbering and dropping food out of its mouth. For example, determine if your horse has scattered food all over the stable floor.
Some horses will hold their head to one side as

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.692524
Retrieved Text: The compatibility of food is very important fornormal operation of the stomach and intestines. Often after eating, there is a feeling of tiredness and a desire to sleep. Such a desire appears because in the process of digesting food the body needs a large amount of energy. The digestive process takes more energy from the body than any physical load. That is why it is necessary to make sure that the foods consumed at one meal are easily digested and are as compatible as possible.
It is often possible to observe a picture, whendinner, a man at first eats a rich meat soup with potatoes and bread, then supplements the soup with a porridge of meat. Then all this is washed down with a sweet compote with a bun and cake. All this is stuck with an apple, as it is sincerely assumed that it is useful. In this case, such an important criterion as the compatibility of food products is not at all. As a result of such a meal, no product can be properly digested and digested. Insufficiently digested products are deposited in the form of slag and fat. Proponents of separate nutrition explain this by the fact that complete cleavage of proteins must be present in the acidic medium, for the cleavage of carbohydrates - an alkaline medium. Thus, the conditions that are necessary for the normal digestion of different products vary radically.
The compatibility of food products is clearly visible inexample of fruit. If you eat them on an empty stomach, then they are

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.645008
Retrieved Text: Horses that seem to gain weight on air can be extremely frustrating to manage for the horse owner, barn manager, veterinarian, farrier . . . no one is spared. It sounds like you’re headed in the right direction though, so I’ll just add a few tips I’ve picked up along the way.
The grazing muzzle is “de rigueur” for any easy keeper being turned out on pasture. However, during the spring while pasture grass is in a fast-growing phase AND your horse needs to lose weight, consider turning him out in a dry lot only and not allowing ANY access to pasture. I agree that stall confinement is not the ideal solution for a number of reasons, so try and find a compromise between pasture and stabling.
In completely removing all grain while trying to reduce their horses’ intake of calories and sugar, some owners have inadvertently created nutrient deficiencies. Provide a complete and balanced diet by introducing either a ration balancer or a multi-vitamin/mineral supplement. Some horses with weight problems have improved with this simple correction to their diet!
Watch treats. An apple or ½ a bag of carrots or handful of molasses treats here and there may not seem like a big deal. However, the calories add up and the sugar may cause his glucose and insulin to spike, worsening any insulin resistance he may have. By the way, has your veterinarian examined him for Equine Metabolic Syndrome?
Research is conflicting, but if your horse is sound, then I advise at least 30 minutes each and every day

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.626316
Retrieved Text: With spring around the corner many horse people are preparing to transition their horses from an all hay winter diet or range forage to the sugar rich spring grasses which the horses love of course. But not all horses can tolerate pasture grass as a forage, and for those who can tolerate it the transition should still be gradual and carefully done. Hay has more fibre and is generally lower in sugars than grass which is very high in both sugars including fructans. And since many equine diseases are associated with high sugar diets we need to exercise extreme caution. In addition, grass requires different species of probiotics than hay for effective digestion. But, most importantly, we have learned that our domestic pastures are not what they used to be and are therefore causing our horses a lot of grief.
What’s In Our Grass Pastures?
It used to be that the grass pastures were very suitable for our horses. But the quality has changed a lot over the last couple of decades because of the seed mixes and the various growing conditions. Whereas a horse’s natural grazing habitat on the range is native prairie grasses and slow growing bunch grasses the lush grass that most of our domestic horses are eating on a modern farm these days is much higher in sugars: i.e. glucose, fructose, and fructans.
Sugars are the basic building blocks for plant growth as the plants use the simple sugars of glucose and fructose for energy to grow. One glucose molecule combined with one fructose molecule

================



======= Instance Index 273 =========
Input Text: When Gia cooked her no-bake cookies too long, she discovered they had become hard, (though un-burnt). what is the most likely reason?

Which is the correct answer?
- The sugar had undergone crystallization
- It was so cold in the room if froze
- she used too many oats
- She used old sugar

Target Text: The sugar had undergone crystallization

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.260246
Retrieved Text: My 8 year old loves to bake. Ever since she was a tiny thing, she's always loved playing house. I can remember many times sitting around her Dora the Explorer table set and drinking our early morning coffee from her play tea set :) She is now 8 and we decided to buy her the Easy-Bake Ultimate Oven. Our daughter told us, when she first opened her Christmas present, that she was afraid she was going to burn the house down LOL! Of course our daughter told her that she would watch her as she backed so no problem there :) She's already baked her first batch of cookies and told her mom that she wanted to send some to her Papa lol. She did say that the cookies were too small for me and that she would have to send me a thousand of them LOL! Her sisters loved the cookies too and helped her eat them all :) Now she can't wait to bake some more goodies. Another A+ gift from the grandparents, YAY!
Every great baker began with an Easy-Bake oven.
I bought this gift for my granddaughter's 10th birthday. She is a few years older than most who get this oven, however we had to delay due to the fact that she has a younger sister who would have set fire to the house....still might but we are hoping that now that she is six she MIGHT respect the rules. The 10-year-old was so excited and immediately read the instructions (twice) and proceeded to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.11531
Retrieved Text: This week my mom was away and I had to make cookies with my dad, to get ready for a Halloween party. Scary! We decided to make cat and pumpkin cookies. We used a recipe from my “Look And Cook” cookbook, and found a cat-shaped cookie cutter, which was perfect for Halloween.
The whole baking part went wonderfully and the dough tasted delicious. When we cut the cookies out it seemed like they needed eyes. We tried using sprinkles but they were too small. Then my dad suggested using the only dragees (little round cake decorations) we had, which were red. That seemed like a devilish color for cat eyes, but they were Halloween cookies, so I said sure. My dad had already started with the eye placement with his needlenose pliers, because the little dragees were hard to handle. I got to work using pliers on the cat eyes. Creepy!!!
The scariest part of this whole story might be thinking about what mom would have said if she had seen the kitchen. She would have screamed so hard they could hear her in Kentucky (or at least it would have been quite blood curdling)!! It looked like a mad science experiment had blown up (with dynamite!)!
When we cooked the cats, we noticed some creepy trouble. Their red eyes were melting (ooooooo, scary)!
Still, in the end the cat cookies ended up pretty yummy, and everyone at the Halloween party is gonna love eating Zombie Cats!!!!
Look at my kitchen! And pliers for cookies! Hmm…I don’t know if this means

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.492535
Retrieved Text: This decadent No Bake Cheesecake with an easy Caramel Drizzle and crushed Skor Bars is so creamy and delicious it will be your new favorite dessert!
Whenever birthdays arrive in our house I always let them choose their cake. With one stipulation, nothing overly decorated! Or it will be a complete disappointment.
Last weekend we had two wonderful things to celebrate. Our youngest daughter’s 18th birthday and our eldest daughter came home to visit for a week.
In Italy an 18th birthday is a big deal. That’s when you can drive, vote and drink, legally that is.
My daughter is not too interested in driving at the moment and she says she doesn’t like the taste of alcohol (let’s hope) but vote she did!
I could make a caramel sauce and that would be her perfect 18th birthday cake to celebrate with family.
Finding Caramel Sauce in Italy is pretty well impossible. I bought one that I thought would work and it was horrible. It almost tasted burnt.
But thank goodness they do have sweetened condensed milk and believe me that is one of the most delicious caramel sauces I have ever tasted. And a lot cheaper than bottled.
How to make a fast and easy Caramel Sauce.
Purchase a tin of sweetened condensed milk.
Do not uncover the can, leave it sealed.
Place the can in a big pot of water that covers the can by at least 2-3 inches.
Place pot on heat and heat to a medium / high simmer. Make sure the can is always covered with at least 2 inches of water.
Let simmer

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.0096
Retrieved Text: We all need a little wiggle room sometimes.
It sure was freezing cold and frosty this morning. Down at Council Point Park, the Ecorse Creek was lightly frozen over and I watched a few geese navigating around that thin veil of ice. They floated along in a row, hugging the shoreline where no ice had formed. The fields looked as if Mother Nature had whipped up a little white icing and piped it onto the grass blades.
Speaking of icing, today is “National Bake Cookies Day”.
When it comes to cookies, there are so many to choose from. Whether you buy ‘em or bake ‘em, what are your favorites? Do you like them icened or plain? Thin and crispy or soft baked? Biscotti or bar cookies?
My mom loved to bake and believe me, none of her “baking genes” rubbed off on her daughter. I’ve not made cookies in many years and they were just the slice-and-bake variety, and I burned them to a crisp. I didn’t do anything but peel them off the cardboard tray and place them onto the cookie sheet. I was so disgusted, I’ve not made cookies since.
Actually I’ve not eaten cookies since 2011 … I gave up all sweets for Lent 2011, and decided at that time to just give up sweets forever! * But, just like an asterisk is sometimes used to clarify a statement, my personal asterisk, as to eating sweets, was that I gave myself a wee bit of wiggle room.
Like when I bought cornbread and decided that even though it was

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.7544
Retrieved Text: I do believe we've had this discussion before: the French, AND the Brits, are quite misinformed about the word 'biscuit', which of course is THE classic bread of the South (see photo left). When I'm with any of these folks and we start talking biscuits, we get all tangled up. Un biscuit in French is a cracker (savory) OR a cookie. How can it possibly be both? But the Brits agree. And then there are scones, not quite biscuits, but neither the Brits nor the French would ever think of calling a scone a biscuit.
Nevermind. My British friend Linda served us some savory pistachio and parmesan concoctions the other day which were so delicious I don't care what she called them.
Les biscuits of the type Linda made, which she calls sables, are quite familiar to Southerners. We call them cheese straws (due to their long skinny shape, though you can make them round too and we still tend to call them cheese straws). We typically make them with sharp cheddar and pecans, but her combo was equally delicious.
The French use the word "sable" too, but with an accent mark. Sablé, by the way, means sandy in French. To confuse us all further, sablés in French are sweet. French sablés, pictured at right, resemble our sugar cookies, but they are heavier and denser, and much less sweet.
Whatever you call them, do try Linda's recipe, for any special occasion. They are perfect with a crisp Chardonnay.
Linda got this recipe from Delia Smith’s Classic Christmas, who also provided the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.714252
Retrieved Text: A beautiful, buttery shortbread cookie recipe. This classic recipe is where it all begins. With only a few simple ingredients and one of our shortbread pans you can make a wonderful delicious treat.
Using the back of a large spoon, cream the butter until it is light. Cream in the powered sugar, then the vanilla. Now work in the flour. Knead the dough on an unfloured board until nice and smooth. Spray the shortbread pan very lightly with a non-stick vegetable oil spray. Put the ball of dough in the middle of the pan, and working out from the center, firmly press the dough into the pan. Prick the entire surface with a fork, and bake the shortbread right in the pan at 325 degrees for about 30-35 minutes, or until it is lightly browned. Be sure that the middle is thoroughly cooked and doesn’t look slightly opaque or the shortbread might stick in the pan.
Let the shortbread cool in the pan for about 10 minutes before you loosen the edges with a knife and flip the pan over onto a wood cutting board. If the shortbread does not come right out, hold the pan upside down over the cutting board and firmly tap one edge of the pan against the board. This should loosen the shortbread and it should drop out. Cut the shortbread into serving pieces while it is still warm.
Let the pan cool before washing it in the sink or dishwasher.
I discovered your cookie molds and shortbread pans about 12 years ago. I was

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.553585
Retrieved Text: This is another flashback post. I wrote this in high school for my Research and Exposition class with Mr. Rickert. I think the topic was to describe our favorite food or explain a recipe. I was going through a phase where I would microwave cookie dough and eat it so I wrote about that. For a high school paper, it’s not too poorly written.
Cookies are my biggest weakness. I can never refuse one and I always eat too many. There have been times when I’ve eaten a couple of cookies every single day for a week or two. I enjoy cookies as an after breakfast snack, a post dinner snack, a snack while I watch television, and as simple comfort food. Whenever I eat or bake them myself, I always feel warm and fuzzy inside. They have a magical ability to always put a smile on my face.
I’m not a very good cook. I am, however, good at following the instructions on packages and using the microwave, so I am thankfully able to make chocolate chip cookies. Whenever I bake cookies, I typically use the Betty Crocker dried cookie mix powder package. My parents always make sure to keep at least one or two packages of cookie mix in the pantry, just for me. Occasionally, my family does buy raw cookie dough but this is an unwise decision because we end up eating just the raw cookie dough and never actually baking the cookies.
The cookie mix makes cookies very simple to make. All you have to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.96893
Retrieved Text: I’ve had this bag of popcorn in my desk for a while now. Everyday I tell myself I’m going to eat it as my afternoon snack and everyday I chicken out and go for something else. Popcorn is one of those office snacks my co-workers tend to frown upon. I mean, who likes the smell of burnt popcorn? Not I.
However, today I took the plunge. I really, really wanted it and the coast was clear around the kitchen. I put it in the microwave and crossed my fingers – as I always do – NOT to burn the popcorn. I cooked 30 seconds under and had unpopped kernals, but it was worth it.
After work I had a little project to tackle.
So, dinner was quick and easy.
I roasted a local butternut squash I bought at the College Park Farmer’s Market last week with pumpkin spice and paired it with some roasted broccoli.
I topped those veggies with marinara sauce, lentils, and parmesan cheese.
For dessert I had 4 GIrl Scout Thin Mints.
Just I said Girl Scout Thin Mints. I almost forgot they were in my freezer. There are still 3 left in there too!
Ah I know what you mean about the popcorn! One time I accidentally brought Indian food to reheat for lunch. I was so embarrassed, and I think I was fanning the air in the break room when I opened the microwave.
Um, SO jealous you still have Girl Scout cookies. Yum! Frozen Thin Mints are the best.
Oh my goodness, I love girl scout thin mint cookies too!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.741295
Retrieved Text: I wanted to bake to cookies, but the oven is still broken.
Luckily, I had a toaster oven so I decided to put it to use.
Before I tinkered with the little baby oven, I was inspired by Waffleizer to make cookies with the waffle machine.
My attempt at making waffle cookies wasn't very successful.
I left them in the waffle machine for 7 minutes and it was way too long. I knew that normal cookies usually bake for 10-12 minutes and cookies that are directly touching the heat element would cook faster, so I thought 7 minutes was a perfect comprise.
The cookies turned out way too hard.
On my last cookie, I only cooked it for only 2.5 minutes and it turned out alright.
Even though they were inedible, they did stack up nicely.
For the rest of the cookie batter, I used the toaster oven.
I made some normal cookies.
I also made some Two-Bite Cookies.
And they also stacked up pretty well.
1. Cream together 1 cup softened butter, 1 cup packed brown sugar and 1/2 cup granulated sugar. Beat in 2 eggs and 1-1/2 tsp vanilla.
2. Combine 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 tsp baking soda and 1/2 tsp salt. Gradually blend into creamed mixture.
3. Stir in 2 cups chocolate chips and 1 cup chopped nuts (optional).
4. Drop dough by tablespoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 375 degrees F for 10-12 minutes. Makes about 4 dozen cookies.
I have never heard of making cookies in a waffle iron! It looks difficult, but definitely creative :) I love those two bite cookies! Glad the toaster

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.501953
Retrieved Text: We are not just Realtors – we are innovators, planners and skilled negotiators in our local real estate market. We have a proven, proprietary marketing strategy and exclusive access to a high quality professional network that delivers results. Our commitment to our clients’ best interests constantly drives us to seek relevant market knowledge, learn new skills and the latest technologies in this fast paced ever evolving real estate market.
We are the IN-Team. We love real estate and we are more than ready to help. Put us to work for you!
INTI Realty sells homes and real estate investment properties throughout greater Long Beach, California and its surrounding neighborhoods.
If you came to our Client Appreciation Happy Hour at Restauration in May, you were treated to handcrafted chocolate chip cookies. James perfected this recipe during his tenure in the kitchens of The Ritz Carlton when he cooked professionally. It is our delight to share this recipe with you! Enjoy!!
James & Gia helped us sell and purchase a new home, concurrently. I was bracing myself for the real estate roller coaster but I'm still in shock at how smooth and easy it all went. They coordinated our double transaction perfectly! They listened to us and met every single one of our needs. I also really appreciate that they only work with top notch people. Our lender Troy McCleery and our escrow officer Wendy Bunnag were amazing to work with. Thank you for treating us like family every step of the way!
We are so grateful to INTI Realty! We wanted a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.00109
Retrieved Text: All of you who had faith that I'd pull it off...you were right!
I didn't make those awesome cookies though. Right after I discovered my dilemma, I remembered this lady that I kept running into online. There were like three different occasions/websites I've encountered her and I remembered that her cookies were cute, so I looked her up again and she actually lives within driving distance. Totally meant to be.
The cookies were PERFECT. I had kept warning Big Kid that they would not be identical to the Nick Jr. cake and he was worried about that. When we saw them, he was amazed by how good they were! They taste seriously good too, I can't stay out of them, none of us can.
My cake creation was quite an adventure and my volcanoes leave a little to be desired, but it got done. I've been eating the leftovers all day long.
I can't say enough good things about this baker though. She actually has an Etsy store called A Sugar Affair and she ships cookies and treats too. I've heard good things about her online business, I was just super lucky to live close enough to meet her somewhere, and that she was nice enough to sympathize with the whims of an almost 5 year old. So bookmark her, I was glad I did.
Before he went to bed yesterday, Big Kid gave me a hug and said, "Today was my best birfday ever." He's so worth spoiling.
Good job on the cake! Way to pull it off on such short

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.49061
Retrieved Text: "From what I learned from her in the five seconds I met her, is that she likes tea." Zan deadpanned. "But I do have a good list of questions. I'm going to assume," she let out a suffering sigh, but Steve could see the fondness in it. "that you want me to do some internal investigation?"
"I doubt she'll tell you anything about herself relationship wise, so keep it impersonal." Steve cautioned. "I'm sure she's gonna know that you're looking out for me, so she'll be cautious of her own answers. Don't push."
"Wow, reckless actually wants to take the slow road this time." Zan whistled and she turned to Sam. "You tell your vets I said hello and that if they have a hard time I got a booth with their names written on it, you hear?"
Angelina made a face at the creamer, but then thought about it. "Can I try it?" He passed her the cup and she took a sip. She wrinkled her nose. "Tea and coffee do not mix. I should have waited." She pouted at the cup. "Next time. Do you have a favorite dessert? Is it this?" She pointed at the chocolate cake that she hadn't even taken a bite out of yet.
"I do, actually. Those sugar cookies with frosting on them. It's fun that they come out with different colors during the holidays. I don't like hard cookies, I prefer them soft. I'll have to bake some cookies for you to try, if you like that." Dylan smiled warmly.
Angelina stared and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.476963
Retrieved Text: For as long as I can remember I’ve loved chocolate and cherries together.
Chocolate covered cherries, chocolate cherry ice cream, Chocolate cherry Italian Ice, Black Forest Cake.
and they are as delicious as I expected!
I could hardly resist eating all the dough as I was cutting the cookies out.
These cookies hold their shape when baked but it’s important to allow room around each cookie so they bake evenly. All too often I see photos of cookies being baked and some are more cooked than others, or if it’s a drop cookie they spread into each other. My suggestion is to space them out. It will save you frustration in the long run even if you need to bake another tray.
Oh and this icing is so delicious, I need to come up with more things to put this deliciousness on!
Add in egg, extracts, and chocolates and mix until combined.
Add in flour, baking powder, and salt and mix well.
The dough will pull away from sides when combined.
Roll out dough to ¼ " thick in between wax paper sheets.
Place on parchment lined baking sheets and bake for 7 minutes.
Allow cookies to cool on baking sheets before removing them.
2-4 tablespoons water until desired consistency is reached.
Fill the piping page with a #2 tip and pipe icing onto completely cooled cookies.
Allow icing to dry completely before stacking or storing.
What a great combination…chocolate and cherry! I love these cookies…they look so delicious and beautiful. Thanks for sharing! You’re baked goods are always so well done!
These are beautiful! My Valentine would love them!
look like the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.376472
Retrieved Text: Write for yourself and celebrate writing"
Just an ordinary lady who recently discovered the joy of writing. I write stories that I would want to read. Thnx to all those who read my stories and to those who comment on them.
4/4/19 - ALL stories now complete and the writing well has run dry. A sincere thnx to everyone who read my stories, who reviewed and who recommended to others. It has been a pleasure writing and sharing with all of you. A special thnx to Blessed Soul, Tre, Sarah Anonymous for your continued support.
Really enjoyed the story. Thnx for the read.
You write these two so well. Their chemistry was amazing as was Evangeline with most of the guys on the show but she would have made a great partner for Todd. The writers did not know what a jewel they had in her character. More stories please.
Wow I found this couple on YouTube over a year ago and after viewing only a few videos realized that Lee Adama was a total jerk and Anastasia deserved better from him. Maybe this story will give her some justice so I'm looking forward to the rest of the story.
Dee was too easy on Leland. She should make it hard for him.
Oh this is so good to see Lee and Kara get ruffled. How dare they after all that they have done to both Sam and Dee. Continue please.
Nothing makes a father happier (and sadder) than watching his little girl get married off.
This is a story about the bond between father

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.244614
Retrieved Text: We went to Landmarc Restaurant in Time Warner Center for brunch.
I found this place while searching for good pancake restaurants, so that I was here for the pancakes.
There're good numbers of kids and infants, and in front of the restaurant, there're many baby cars.
We got there at 2:40 PM on Sunday, and though the place was almost full, we could be seated as soon as we asked for a table.
From our seat, we could see the large globe which is at 59th-Columbus Circle station and Trump Hotel Central Park.
Table was ready, and there's a leaflet of lunch menu.
Pancakes were listed in this menu.
It's called "Pancakes Warm DOC's Maple Syrup."
I asked our waitress what DOC meant and she said it's a maple syrup manufacturer from Vermont.
I ordered Pancakes, then she suggested me to add chocolate chip, bananas or blueberries, but I asked for plain.
My husband got "2 Eggs Any Style" and he got it sunny-side up.
And she asked us if we wanted to share fruits and etc, which wasn't something we even mentioned, so I felt like she's trying so hard to make us order unnecessary items besides upgrading my pancakes.
They brought our dishes at the same, which was very nice.
The jar of maple syrup had parsley. Really? They couldn't see it's here???
Why parsley and some weird objects were stuck on the jar?
I wiped that off and poured maple syrup over the pancakes.
From the side, they're not that tall but not that flat.
It's gooey and wet, and just looked uncooked while the outside was almost burnt.
When you

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.2337
Retrieved Text: Cursed with prophetic visions and desperate to atone for a death she could have prevented, Gianna York swears she will never again ignore the chance to save a life. When she is hired by Landen Elmsworth to serve as companion to his sister, Gia repeatedly sees the image of her employer’s lifeless corpse floating in Misty Lake. As subsequent visions reveal more details, Gia soon realizes her best chance to save this difficult man is by becoming his wife.
At first, Landen Elmsworth believes the fetching Miss York might be right for a meaningless dalliance, but he grossly underestimates her capacity for cunning and soon finds himself bound until death to a woman he may never be able to trust. Yet in the dark of their bedroom they discover an undeniable passion–and a capacity to forge their own destiny . . .
Thank you for sharing an excerpt of The Lady Who Saw Too Much. I’m excited to introduce Gia and Landen to readers who like a bit of paranormal with their historical romances.
Landen stormed down the stairs and straight out the door. He walked toward the lake, his chest heaving. What the hell had he gotten himself into with this woman?
She actually believed she had visions. Prophetic visions. And she’d forced this marriage upon him as a result of these delusions. He squeezed shut his eyes, but he could not block out the picture of her, tears streaming from her desperate eyes, begging him to believe the unbelievable.
She’d come to Misty Lake to save him. If he

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.200832
Retrieved Text: Nov. 7: What was your worst Thanksgiving food fail?
Being only 19, I’ve never really cooked a Thanksgiving meal. I have helped with vegetables and things of that nature, however never done a whole meal. So, this food fail I’m going to be talking about actually occurred around Thanksgiving but wasn’t technically Thanksgiving food.
My junior year of high school, I was on crutches for about 5 weeks because I had injured my knee (to this day my doctor, orthopedic surgeon, and physical therapist have no idea what actually happened to my knee but it persists in giving me occasional pain). In my high school, when you are on crutches, in a wheelchair,etc. You are allowed to leave 5 minutes early from class with a friend so you can avoid all the hallway traffic.
There are 7 periods in a day so I had 7 different people bringing me to and from classes. While they enjoyed getting out of class 5 minutes earlier, after a while it was annoying lugging around 2 backpacks.
Basically, I decided to be a nice cripple and make everyone chocolate chip cookies. Over Thanksgiving break, I was able to hobble myself into the kitchen, find the biggest bowl we had and start a heaping 4 batches of cookies. Due to this insane amount of cookies being produced, I had pre measured every ingredient out so I didn’t miscalculate something later.
As I had finished mixing the ingredients and was ready to put the first 24 cookies in the oven, I remarked at how the cookies seemed

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.19097
Retrieved Text: No time to bake? Try No Bake Chocolate Haystack Cookies!
This is my most popular recipe of all time… who knew?
These timeless kid-friendly gems are so easy. Just mix, let set and enjoy! The blend of coconut, chocolate and oats is a simple and easy treat for kids and the kids-at-heart. These babies are more like a cookie than a granola bar, but not as moist as a macaroon. The great part is they take just 10 minutes from start to eat, with no baking!
I love to make these as an addition to a cookie platter over the holidays. The colour and shape really adds great texture to the presentation. They arechewy and dense, when your other cookies may be crispy and light.
In a saucepan over medium heat, combine sugar, cocoa, milk, butter and salt. Heat to low boil, stirring often. When a low boil is reached, cook for 3 minutes, stirring constantly.
Remove pan from heat and quickly mix in vanilla, oats and coconut until incorporated.
Drop by tablespoonfuls onto parchment-lined cookie sheet (you will need to press a bit to hold each mound together). Let cool until set, about 5 minutes.
If your no bake cookies are sticky and gooey, then they were not boiled quite long enough. On the flip side, if your no bake cookies are dry and crumbly, they were boiled a tad too long.
Im wondering how you can recommend these to your readers as healthy for kids when the first ingredient is 2 full cups of sugar? That’s not healthy at all. Even if

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.034775
Retrieved Text: So today is 11/11/11 and all around the globe folks are pausing to remember what brings them joy and to envision world peace. I know I did.
I hadn’t planned on posting a blog today, since I just posted one yesterday, and I surely won’t manage to post one every day . . . more likely every week . . .but I got to thinking about a day dedicated to World Transformation, and about what brings me joy and I decided I would like to post something sweet–alternatively sweet that is. Because, well . . . I believe it’s important to reach out and share sweetness, whenever and wherever you can.
Like all moms know, there is something inherently good about baking cookies. It’s a way to fill the house with yummy sweet smells, to create an opening to sit down with a glass of milk or a cup of tea and relax for a moment, to support your child while they are doing homework, to support your spouse after a long day of work–it’s a time honored way to say “I love you” Bottom line, in my book: cookies and milk are a good thing.
So when I discovered that my five-year-old daughter could not tolerate sugar, and when I learned my husband could not eat gluten, I immediately recognized that I would have to improvise. How could I raise a child or nourish my husband without ever baking cookies?
I know, I know . . . . cookies are not the most important thing and there are lots

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.016087
Retrieved Text: Across the Americas and Europe, baking sweet treats for Christmas is a tradition. Most of the cookies we Americans make are variations on cookies handed down through the decades, adapted to today’s ovens and technology, and ingredients.
Everyone seems to have a story to go with the recipes, too – these are among my favorite things. I’ll be featuring cookie recipes till Christmas – share yours!
These big, soft cookies come from my Pensacola cousin Joan Hatler’s recipe file. They were given to her by her mother-in-law, Fran Hatler, who made them for her two sons and two daughters growing up in Havre, Montana.
Cream the shortening and sugar in a large mixing bowl, first at medium then gradually to high speed. Add beaten egg, then molasses. Sift remaining ingredients (except granulated sugar) together into a small bowl; gradually add to wet mixture on medium speed. Mix on medium speed until combined, scraping sides frequently.
Form dough into 2-inch balls; roll in granulated sugar and place on greased cookie sheet spaced 2 inches apart. Bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes; cookies should be still soft, but cooked through.
Makes about 3 dozen cookies. Dough and cookies freeze well.
Joan also shared with me the following recipe for Chocolate Crinkle cookies – the secret ingredient is cottage cheese – you won’t know it’s there, however, so if you are not a cottage cheese fan, no worries.
These originated from Anita Powers, friend of a friend, who was entering them in the California State Fair. We don’t know whether she won – but she

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.921432
Retrieved Text: A little bit of patience and a lot of sprinkles will get you the most memorable Christmas experience when you whip up a batch of my Nana’s Anise Pierniki!
This is the one folks. The recipe I’ve been most excited to share with you this week.
These are my absolute very favorite Christmas cookies of all time. They’re so simple, and they’re nothing too fancy to look at, but they hold so much meaning to me that even as a food blogger (who has to fancy things up to keep her OCD in check,) I couldn’t bear to present them any other way than how I made them with my Nana.
If you love traditional Christmas cookies, and you enjoy a bit of anise (some would describe it as a mild licorice flavor – think a mild Ouzo or Sambuca,) then please bake up a batch of these for your family and friends and neighbors and co-workers and mailman and Santa.
They’ll first see the beauty of a cutout cookie, then be surprised at the crispy texture and delicate flavors of this Polish classic.
After some research, I couldn’t really find the technical name for these, nor did I find any recipe exactly like it (there are actually 2 recipes for pierniki in the cookbook that are nothing like this.) All I know is that they’re “Stella’s” Christmas Cookies, and every year come holiday time, I helped Nana bake and decorate them.
Whoever Stella was, I’m grateful that she passed this recipe along.
My Nana was an incredible woman. She went from 20-something

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.705772
Retrieved Text: List of handy kitchen tools that will make your time spent baking easier and more fun! A must-have list of items for a well equipped kitchen.
One of the things that I re-discovered when I decided to add recipes to my blog is baking. Or I should say, how much I love to bake. When my kids were home and I was working full time, it was one of the things that went to the end of a very long list. Now, I have plenty of time to spend in the kitchen. I have become re-acquainted with the items in my kitchen drawers. Family heirlooms have been joined by new (and very cool) handy kitchen tools. I’d like to share my favorites…and I want you to know it was very hard to narrow it down to ten!
I’ve really never met a spatula I didn’t like, but the colored ones with wood handles are my favorites. They come in different shapes and sizes now. For the past few years, my daughter has been putting new spatulas in my Christmas stocking so my collection is growing.
These scoops are amazing. They make the job of dropping cookie dough so easy and the bigger one is the perfect amount of batter for a cupcake. My mom used to drop cookie dough with a teaspoon and her finger. That method still works fine of course, but the scoops are quicker.
No kitchen tools list would be complete without a whisk. That’s just my opinion but I bet most of you agree. I use

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.675045
Retrieved Text: Some of my favorite memories are of Mom (1933~2010) baking a ton of cookies. I remember that she would start baking early in November and then store them in tin containers until the Christmas holiday.
My favorite were mom's Spritz cookies - they were so good! In the last few years mom had added a few variations to her traditional spritz cookie. Knowing how much I love these cookies and chocolate, mom combined the two, dipping half of the spritz cookie in chocolate. Not only does it look good, but it was to die for!
Mom also made a crescent shaped hazelnut cookie with powdered sugar on top, everyone in my family loves the hazelnut cookies. Another cookie that comes to mind are her buttery sugar cookies. All of these recipes and more are in German in her own handwriting. Slowly, mom started to translate the recipes from German to English so that not only will I have them, but our holiday food traditions would continue to be handed down. Sadly, losing my Mom and my Grandmother (1913~2010) in 2010, only a few of the family recipes were translated. I am slowly working on getting the recipes translated into English. I am attempting to learn German and my cousin, Marion in Germany, is helping me through this interesting journey.
Mom also made a German bread called "Stollen" which consists of: candied fruit, nuts, raisins and marzipan. Sorry, not one of my favorites but very traditional. Of course there is my most favorite, great Oma Margarete's 'German Marble Cake'.
Once mom

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.643356
Retrieved Text: April Cornell - Live Beautiful: Apron Giveaway!
These mother daughter aprons from our upcoming fall April Cornell collection are among my favorites. We are delighted to offer them as part of Apron FEST '09.
Deanna Garretson, the Apronista, is a bona fide apron maven. She is hosting a blog tour giveaway this week, and we have joined in the fun. She has gathered all types of apron fanatics, so be sure to check them all out. The links are on her blog.
We'll choose the winner of these April Cornell aprons from the visitors who leave a comment to this post. Take a few minutes and share a favorite memory you have of working with someone you love in the kitchen. On Friday, we'll use a random number generator and announce the winner. Be sure to check back and see if you won.
My two sisters, mother, and I were surrounded by loving aunts, grandmothers, and other family members. We have had (and still do!) many happy times working together in the kitchen (wearing aprons of course) preparing for family parties.
Some of my best memories are of learning to cook from my grandmother. She used to bring me cookbooks when she traveled. I still have my first cookbook for children that she got me.
Your aprons are precious! They would be wonderful to use now as well as to pass on along with the memories made in them as an heirloom to the next female generation! They remind me of the apron my now deceased Grandmother made for me as a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.635246
Retrieved Text: Dad was right, though. Mom tried super hard to be the kitchen magician her mother was but, for some odd reason, the magic touch eluded her. Mom’s bread making attempts could have been used to build the Great Wall Of China, and her chocolate chip cookies came out of the oven looking like watery cat vomit sprinkled with a smattering of dark lumps.
Once Mom’s cookies cooled, they turned into thin hardened discs. You’d think that would make them great for dunking in hot coffee, but no. They just dissolved like cotton candy in a muddy hot tub.
Thus my father’s request. Nay, beseechment.
Like any good daughter expecting a weekly allowance, I said, “Sure.” I grabbed a bag of Nestle’s chips and read the recipe on the back.
The thing is, though, I’m not a good recipe follower. Reader, yes, follower, no. And so I started tweaking. More chips, less that. More this, and maybe a little surprise addition of that. Why not? Life is too short to follow all the guidelines.
The cookies turned out pretty dang good. I continued experimenting.
My dad loved every varied batch, which irritated the heck out of my mother. It made no sense to her that she precisely followed directions and got poor results, whereas my “meh-I’ll-do-what-I-want” baking turned out delicious.
Over time I continued to mess with the recipe. When I started working a summer job at a resort on Mille Lacs Lake, the owners had me make my cookies for their family and the rest of the help. It bolstered my confidence. Cookies

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.46234
Retrieved Text: Cookies & Cream Cookies are made with Oreo pudding, white chocolate chips and chunks of Oreo cookies. This delicious cookie recipe yields perfectly soft and chewy cookies every time!
Cookies & Cream Cookies have become a regular treat around my house because they are just so yummy! I discovered this recipe several years ago (thanks to my sister!) and it has been a favorite of mine ever since! With Oreo pudding mix, crushed Oreo cookies and white chocolate chips, these cookies are amazing! The texture of the cookies is super soft because of the pudding mix in the recipe – I absolutely love pudding cookies!
After trying out multiple chocolate chip cookie recipes over many years, I have picked up several important tips for making the absolute BEST cookies!
Make sure that you have enough flour in the dough. If the dough is too sticky, you may need to add a little bit of flour.
Spend a little extra time when you mix the butter and sugars. Creaming them together for 2-3 minutes will improve the consistency of your cookies.
Preheat the oven. This will help your cookies turn out right every time!
Use a cookie scoop! If you want all your cookies to be perfectly shaped and have them all be the same size, a cookie scoop is the way to go.
Use parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Doing this will make it really easy to remove the cookies from your cookie sheet so that you don’t have to scrape them off the pan – they will just slide right

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.441616
Retrieved Text: These chocolate raspberry Linzer cookies are the perfect addition to any plate of Christmas cookies! They're simple to make, full of rich decadent dark chocolate flavor, and even have a hidden healthy bonus!
Add sugars to butter and beat until combined.
Add Vital Proteins collagen peptides and cocoa powder then mix until combine.
Beat in vanilla extract, raspberry extract, and egg.
Add salt and flour. Beat until dough begins to form.
Remove dough and place in a plastic bag (or in plastic wrap) and let chill for at least 2 hours. If dough is too hard when you take it out of the fridge, microwave for 10-15 seconds or until pliable, making sure not to microwave it too long.
Roll out dough until about 1 inch thick.
Cut out cookies using a 3 inch circle cookie cutter and place on a cookie sheet with either parchment paper or a non-stick silpat sheet.
Before baking, use the mini cookie cutters to cut a shape out from half of the circle cookies you cut out previously. It's easier to do this once they're on the cookie sheet than to try and move them once cut out.
Bake cookies for 10-12 minutes or until cooked through but the bottoms are not burnt. Do not cook for more than 12 minutes as cookies will harden a bit while cooling.
Move cookies from baking sheet to a cooling rack to cool.
Once cookies are completely cooled, place a spoonful of jam on the bottom side of one cookie (without the shape cut out) and spread around, almost all the way to the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.420826
Retrieved Text: This family favorite comes from the Pleasures of Cooking magazine, a publication of Cuisinart in the 1970’s-80’s. We treasure the issues we have of the marvelous publication, long out of print and hard to get, but still inspirational.
As I was finishing this post, I went to see just how many issues of Pleasures of Cooking we had and all I could find was one! Now I know that I am infamous in our household for purging when the closets and shelves become too cluttered, but there is no way on God’s earth I would have tossed our Pleasures of Cooking magazines! I have no idea where they could be, but given that I live in a NYC apartment, there are really few places for them to hide that I have not already looked. My one last hope is that I may have taken them up to our cottage, though I have no idea why I would have done that.
These wonderfully tangy cookies carry a tartness that is balanced by a generous dusting of confectioner’s sugar atop. They are easy to make and freeze well.
Process almonds, 1/2 the zests, flour, confectioners sugar and butter with metal blade in food processor till constancy of coarse crumbs, about 10 secs. Press into square 8 inch baking pan and bake in preheated oven till firm and lightly colored, about 20 mins.
Process sugar, baking powder, salt and remaining zests until zest is as fine as the sugar, about 1 min. Add eggs and juice and process till combined, about 5 secs.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.070217
Retrieved Text: Welcome to this Deliciously Fun Giveaway- sponsored by Capstone Young Readers.
Hosted by Mom Does Reviews and joined by her bloggers friends.
Dessert Designer is the best creative baking recipe book for kids I have seen in a long time! The best part is children get to use their imagination with crazy decorating inspiration. Not only does the winner receive this great book, they also receive a set of 6 Rainbow mixing bowls and a spatula- everything you need to get started- well other than the ingredients!
Any day—from boring Tuesdays to special birthdays to Valentine’s Day —is better when you have dessert. Dessert Designer by Capstone Young Readers shows creative kids and their parents that it’s OKAY to play your food! Using store-bought baked goods, easy to find ingredients and step-by-step instructions, Dessert Designer focuses on the BEST part of baking — DECORATING! Kids can let their imaginations run wild by turning cakes into roller coasters, cupcakes into glitzy armadillos and cookies and candy into sweet sushi and rainbows (complete with a pot of gold).
Go HERE to purchase your own copy today.
OR…enter below on the Easy Rafflectoper for a chance to win one!
We cook together daily, so we make meals together, but they love to make cakes and cookies the best!
Grilled cheese with amusing shapes & fruit like grapes, apples.
We make meal items like quesadillas and chili, but I really prefer baking brownies, cookies, and cakes with them!!
I don’t yet because they are too young.
I don’t have kids but my sister is an awesome baker. She makes everything

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.064114
Retrieved Text: It is hard to walk into Please & Thank You and only get a coffee. Their chocolate chip cookies sing their siren song to me each time I cross the threshold. There’s just something about them. You cannot put your finger on it, but there is a secret ingredient and owner Brooke Vaughn is not telling.
What she is doing, however, is selling her cookie dough pre-made, ready to slice and bake. I asked her if she would ever reveal the recipe. She smiled, said no and handed me a box of these BIY (Bake It Yourself) cookies.
Good enough! I brought them home and did just that. It was TOO easy.
As you can see above, the baking instructions are specific. The layout is specified. You bake the cookies at 365 degrees. (I bet none of you has ever punched that number into your oven before.) Lastly, you bake for exactly 11 minutes and then let them sit for 10 minutes.
Trying to keep people from eating the cookies right out of the oven was tantamount to riot-level police security.
Worth every minute of waiting.
The Please & Thank You BIY chocolate chip cookies and brownies are sold at their location at 800 East Market for $15.

================



======= Instance Index 123 =========
Input Text: What converts electrical energy into light energy in a light bulb?

Which is the correct answer?
- the light switch
- the glass bulb
- the metal filament
- none

Target Text: the metal filament

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.24241
Retrieved Text: A home's lighting system is both a large user of electrical energy (lighting consists of about 10% of your home energy bill) and is a major source of internal heat. Increasing your lighting efficiency is one of the fastest ways to decrease your energy bills.
Recent technology has improved energy efficient lighting considerably with compact fluorescent light (CFL) bulbs. CFL bulbs have a phosphorus coating on the inner surface that converts UV energy into light.
Overall, CFLs use about 25% the energy of regular incandescent light bulbs. By switching from a 100-watt incandescent bulb to a 26- or 28-watt CFL bulb you can save over 70 watts' worth of energy and the bulb will last up to ten times longer. Because more of the energy of a fluorescent bulb is converted into light and less into heat, you are also saving on air-conditioning costs.
Lumens. Lumens measure light output, and watts measure energy use. Bulb efficiency is measured by lumens per watt (LPW), calculated by dividing lumens by watts. The higher the LPW, the more light received for the energy used.
Color rendering index (CRI). This measures the perceived color of objects under artificial light. The higher the number, the more natural and vibrant colors will appear. Bulbs with a CRI of 80 or above are acceptable for everyday residential use.
Color correlated temperature (CCT). This measures how "warm" or "cool" a light seems. A low CCT--below 3100 K--is a warm white light.
Always compare brands for price, lumens, watts, CRI, and CCT. Be sure to read the label and see where

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.428234
Retrieved Text: The Dynamo Lantern lets kids turn a simple toy motor into a mini generator that converts hand motion into electrical energy to light up a light bulb. This kit includes a plastic casing, LED light bulb, toy motor, gears and detailed instructions. Designed for kids to be easily assembled, no tools necessary.
Easy to build: No screws or tools needed to assemble the toy. Kids can easily build a dynamo lantern in 10-15 mins by following the included detailed instructions.
Learn as they play: Kids are able to learn and understand how generators and electricity works by seeing the result of lighting up a light bulb with their own hands. Fun facts are also included in instruction manual.
More Ways to Play: Build the lantern differently by turning it into a barn lantern or a water lantern. You can also make the light bulb change colors by rotating the hand crank in the opposite direction.
*WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD Small parts. Not for children under 3 years old.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.620655
Retrieved Text: What is the role of energy in our world?
Electricity in circuits can be transformed into light, heat, sound and magnetic effects.
Describe how batteries and wires can transfer energy to light a light bulb.
GRADE-LEVEL CONCEPT 1:  Electricity in circuits can be transformed into light, heat, sound and magnetic effects.
Electric current flows (is transferred) from an energy source (a cell or a battery) through a continuous loop (circuit) and back to the source. A complete circuit (also called a closed circuit) forms a closed loop that allows electric current to flow; an incomplete circuit (also called an open circuit) has a break in the loop that prevents the flow of electric current.
Complete series circuits can be made by connecting wires, batteries and bulbs in certain sequences. Circuits are completed only when certain parts of a battery, a bulb or a wire are touching (making contact). Circuit diagrams show the relative positions of batteries, bulbs and wires in complete circuits.
Conductors are materials that allow electric current to flow through them in an electric circuit. An open circuit can be completed by inserting a conductive material. If a bulb lights after an object made of certain material is added to the electric circuit, then the material is a conductor.
Insulators are materials that do not allow electric current to flow through them in an electric circuit. If a bulb does not stay lit when an object is added to an electric circuit, the material is an insulator.
Some materials conduct electricity better than others. Materials that resist the flow of electriThe

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.35164
Retrieved Text: LED stands for Light-Emitting Diode is a semiconductor device that emits visible light when an electrical current passes through it. It is essentially the opposite of a photovoltaic cell (a device that converts visible light into electrical current). LED lights are the latest technology in energy efficient lighting. LED lights are super energy efficient, using approximately 85% less energy than halogen or incandescent lighting – meaning significant savings on your power bills. LED lights also have a much longer lifespan than other types of lighting - see the table below.
The Spot lighting is nothing but, a lamp projecting a narrow, intense beam of light directly on to a place or person, especially a performer on stage. Fitting LED spotlights into any ceiling or recessed area can provide a tailored lighting effect which will be unique . LED spotlights provide a discreet, good and even light across in any restricted area and give a feeling of space and depth.
Street lighting is more than just a technical requirement, a security need, or a design element. Its primary purpose is nighttime visibility for security and safety by users of the street. In addition to the technical criterion of the lights themselves, the distribution of light posts along the street can have a dramatic effect on the nature of the street and its secondary uses.
A down light can be defined as a light that has been recessed into a ceiling and that throws light downwards in a narrow beam. When it is turned on, it looks like light is shining

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.24297
Retrieved Text: Light emitting diodes (LEDs) are a digital light source. LEDs started life as light indicators in electrical components. The light is a result of electrons releasing energy in the form of photons better known as electroluminescence. Their energy efficiency, low maintenance, robustness and long life mean that they are now a bright alternative to the energy-hungry and delicate analogue light sources we all grew up with.
Light emitting diode or LED technology is a new sensation in commercial and residential lighting applications. Every dark area that needs to be brightened and every object that needs indication is now becoming lively with LED Lights Singapore. The reason is simple, world is striving to save energy, and LEDs are stars in field of energy efficient technology.
LED converts 80% of your electrical energy into light energy. So it does really justify for what you pay off. This ultimately reduces your expense on electricity bill and thus, saves both energy and money.
LEDs are adaptable to any kind of lighting application due to its availability in different color and small size. It emits light in intend color and works smoothly in harshest condition. A single LED Light Singapore is enough for lighting indication and its cluster is capable of shine whole football stadium.
LED Lighting Singapore is much cool and bright in comparison to conventional light sources. They can also be dimmed very easily according to requisite intensity.
LED doesn't failed abruptly and relatively have long useful life. This reduces the cost in terms of maintenance and reduces your headache for periodical replacements.
These advantages

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.664448
Retrieved Text: Find Lighting and HVAC suppliers on the Tank Storage Suppliers Directory, including Industrial lighting, Safety lights, Halogen lights, CFLs, LED lights, High Intensity Discharge (HID) lamps, T5 & T8 fluorescent lighting, Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning solutions for terminals, refineries and all bulk liquid handling facilities.
Commonly called ‘light bulbs’, lamps are the removable and replaceable part of a light fixture, which converts electrical energy into electromagnetic radiation. While lamps have traditionally been rated and marketed primarily in terms of their power consumption, expressed in watts, proliferation of lighting technology beyond the incandescent light bulb has eliminated the correspondence of wattage to the amount of light produced. For example, a 60 W incandescent light bulb produces about the same amount of light as a 13 W compact fluorescent lamp. Each of these technologies has a different efficacy in converting electrical energy to visible light. Visible light output is typically measured in lumens. This unit only quantifies the visible radiation, and excludes invisible infrared and ultraviolet light. A wax candle produces on the close order of 13 lumens, a 60 watt incandescent lamp makes around 700 lumens, and a 15-watt compact fluorescent lamp produces about 800 lumens, but actual output varies by specific design. Rating and marketing emphasis is shifting away from wattage and towards lumen output, to give the purchaser a directly applicable basis upon which to select a lamp. Lamp types include: Ballast: A ballast is an auxiliary piece of equipment designed to start and properly control the flow of power to discharge light sources such

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.35303
Retrieved Text: The first assignment had us connect the wires to the right places, only when the light bulb flashes when the switch is click would we know its working.
You must be sure that the wires are connected right and flow of energy is occurring, one loose wire could render the whole device useless. The LED converts the energy from the batteries into light. It can also be looked as a water meter, the more resistance the less brightness.
As the eletricity flow towards the intersection, the resistor of the LED2 is high so most of the eletric energy will move towads LED1.
As the dial turns to to a high percentage the LED1 will get dimmer while LED2 gets brighter.
No switch is needed since the unconnected wires will be going through the water to show that the war is conductive. Water has a resistance of about 100k ohms and will become less as salt is added in and dissolved.
The ability to slowly lighten or darken a light source.
The capacitors are able to hold in electrical energy like a battery, as the switch turns on the capacitor fills up slowly and the LED light brightens slowly as well. When the capacitor is full the LED light is shining at its brightest. When the switch is turned off the electricity stops flowing and the capacitor sends out what it has in its storage towards the LED light so the light slowly darkens not just a flicker.
The whole circuit is not connected, the only way to connect the current is to touch

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.30851
Retrieved Text: With regards to choosing the suitable lighting in your backyard or walkway, historically your only choices were electrical flood lights or dim lighting led lamps. Now divide that quantity by 10. Since cfls typically final ten occasions longer than incandescents, this is the variety of times you will break a cfl. The romanticized story of edison altering our lives along with his new mild bulb invention just isn’t really apparent throughout this new led lighting revolution.” The title of the father of led”, nick holonyak jr., is never talked about in the press. Englishman sir joseph swan and american thomas edison both got it proper around the same time (in 1878 and 1879, respectively), and inside 25 years, tens of millions of individuals all over the world had put in electrical lighting of their houses. Cfls are extremely value-effective in industrial buildings when used to replace incandescent lamps. Efficiency: a fluorescent tube light converts electrical energy into Fluorescent Light To Grow Plants helpful light more effectively than an incandescent lamp; it produces greater than ninety lumens per watt. Resulting advantages are a further elevated bulb lifetime and a wider range of usable gentle-emitting substances.
A 2009 local legislation requires the town to carry out power audits in all public colleges, and since more fashionable fluorescent lamps are a minimum of 22 % extra power environment friendly, t12 lamps must be changed. Fluorescent lighting was initially well-liked for business lighting, but the ultraviolet gentle it produces that is essential for the cultivation of vegetation has also made it

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.205177
Retrieved Text: Why should I get new lights?
According to Energy Star®, Americans could save enough energy to light up more than 3 million homes for an entire year – totaling over $600 million in annual energy costs – if every American would just replace one light bulb with an energy efficient light bulb. This would be the greenhouse gas equivalent to taking over 800,00o cars off the road.
In addition to helping save the environment, you can save money by reducing your energy consumption. Energy efficient light bulbs use 75% less energy than regular incandescent bulbs and they can last up to 10 times longer. For each light bulb that you replace you can save around $30 in electricity costs over the lifetime of the bulb. Energy efficient bulbs only put out 25% the amount of heat a regular light bulb does, so this makes them safer to use and allows you to cut cooling costs as well.
How do I know if I need new lights?
- Do you want to save energy and money?
- Do your lights seem dim?
- Do your lights flicker?
- Do your lights burn out too quickly?
- Do you need/want long life bulbs?
- Does the color of your lighting seem off?
- Do you have the desired brightness?
- Do your lights turn on and off when they should?
- Do you want softer, brighter, or cooler light?
- Has a light cracked and burned out?
- Has a bulb exploded?
What kind of lights does Han Electrical Contractor Ltd. work on?
- If flickering and dimming occur together it could mean that

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.97035
Retrieved Text: When you go to the store you have the choice: Energy saving bulbs or standard light bulbs. But, what’s the difference exactly?
Energy saving bulbs have been around for a couple of years. But they only got popular in 2007 after the Australian government decided to ban standard bulbs and replace them with energy saving bulbs. This reduces carbon dioxide emissions, which is environmentally friendly. US and European governments liked this idea. Energy saving bulbs are said to be 5 times more efficient than standard bulbs. I find this to be exaggerated. When I compare a 12 Watt energy saving bulb with a 60 Watt standard bulb, I find that the latter is brighter. So, even if the energy saving bulbs are not really 5 times more efficient, as claimed by the industry, you still save a lot of energy compared to standard bulbs.
A standard bulb is an incandescent light bulb. Its light is produced by a thin annealing metal wire. But in addition to the light, a lot of heat is produced. Actually, only around 3% of the energy is converted into light. Nevertheless, we have been using this light source for 150 years. Its use is questioned now only because of the development of more efficient light sources like diodes and energy saving bulbs.
Energy saving bulbs are either compact fluorescent tubes or LED bulbs. In both cases, the light is produced by electron jumps within atoms. This leads directly to light emission. This works because, according to the laws of physics, electrons hold a specific

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.568497
Retrieved Text: LED power saving lights installed by Delta Electrical in Newcastle.
One of the most prominent features of LED Lighting is the long operational lifetime expectations. The LED bulbs and diodes have an outstanding operational lifetime, with the current average lifespan of a LED bulb lasting 15,000 hours. However, the average lifespan of LED modules if 25,000 to 30,000 hours! Having a greater lifespan than halogen lights means you change the bulbs less frequently, save money on the products themselves, as well as save time and avoid the inconvenience of replacing the bulbs.
LED bulbs and modules serve as today’s most efficient way of illumination and lighting. It is estimated that LED lighting offers an energy efficiency of an 80%-90% increase when compared to traditional halogen lighting and conventional light bulbs. This means that about 80% of the electrical energy is converted to light, while only 20% is lost and converted into other forms of energy such as heat. LED lights also require less electricity to run, drawing only 10 Watts compared to the 60 Watts that Incandescent lights require. This means, over a 25,000 hour period, you could save roughly $150, per light!
LED Lighting is much more eco-friendly than halogen and incandescent lighting alternatives. LED lights are free of toxic chemicals! Most conventional fluorescent lighting bulbs contain a multitude of materials like e.g mercury that are dangerous for the environment and you!
LED lights are extremely durable and built with sturdy components that are highly rugged and can withstand even the roughest conditions. As LED lights are resistant to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.427414
Retrieved Text: enery light bulbs light bulbs compared daylight edison light bulbs lighting the home depot watt equivalent g dimmable energy star clear filament vintage style led light bulb daylight.
enery light bulbs cospring led light bulbs 5watts cfl energy saving intelligent light bulb ultra bright led bulbs of dusk to dawn energy saver cfl light bulb watt single multi dusk to dawn energy saver cfl light bulb watt single multi packs.
enery light bulbs light bulbs disposal and recycling of low energy light bulbs save your energy lowenergy lightbulbs contain various components some of which are potentially toxic if allowed to contaminate the environment when bulbs are broken or.
enery light bulbs free energy light bulbs 230v using piezo igniter youtube stick lamps energy light bulb w es k hr philips watt.
enery light bulbs view full sizeassociated led g small base light bulb e w daylight white k not led g small base light bulb e w daylight white k not dimmable led energy saving.
enery light bulbs light bulb grass bulb energy light green led bulbs light bulbs the home depot watt equivalent br dimmable energy star led light bulb daylight.
enery light bulbs 60 watt equivalent a19 dimmable energy star led light bulb soft white 4 ths w china high technical new design energy saving light high technical new design energy saving light bulbs spiral shape.
enery light bulbs replace incandescent light bulbs with energy saving alternatives free energy light bulbs using potato youtube free energy light bulbs using potato.
enery light bulbs energy light bulbs energy light bulbs designer low energy

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.31532
Retrieved Text: Electricity is very useful but can also be dangerous - so take care!
This Science quiz is called 'Energy - Electricity' and it has been written by teachers to help you if you are studying the subject at elementary school. Playing educational quizzes is a fun way to learn if you are in the 1st or 2nd grade - aged 6 to 8.
In school you will have learned about electricity, switches, batteries and bulbs. It is very useful. Electricity powers bulbs and keeps our lights on. It runs our televisions and computers, and makes our fridges work. Electricity can be turned on and off by switches. Some things need batteries to work. Batteries store energy. But the energy in batteries does run out. These questions are about using electricity.
This is a very simple electrical circuit. A wire goes from the battery to the bulb. Another wire goes from the bulb back to the battery.
What color is the battery?
Look again at this simple electrical circuit. Where does the energy come from to make the bulb light up?
This is the third question about this simple electrical circuit.
Alice takes away one of the wires. What happens to the bulb?
This is a battery. Batteries have two ends. The end at the top of this picture is called the plus (+) end. What is the other end of the battery called?
Sam has a remote control car. It is powered by a battery. What happens if the battery is flat?
Michael’s cell phone is not working. The battery has run out. What should Michael

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.74158
Retrieved Text: The "photovoltaic effect" is the basic physical process through which a PV cell converts sunlight into electricity. Sunlight is composed of photons, or particles of solar energy. These photons issues and ethics in the helping professions corey pdf The wide choice of construction materials on which thin film pv cells can be printed opens up new areas in which they can be used, including within window glass, on roofing tiles, and even tent material, for solar powered camping.
Solar cell is a device or a structure that converts the solar energy i.e. the energy obtained from the sun, directly into the electrical energy. The basic principle behind the function of solar cell is based on photovoltaic effect .
Photovoltaic Cell or Photoelectric Cell: Photoelectric cell or photocell is an electronic device which works on the principle of photo-electric effect and converts light energy into electrical energy.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.690224
Retrieved Text: Young scholars investigate the energy used by a light bulb. In this electrical energy lesson, students conduct an investigation to explain the relationship between the output of light and the electrical power used by a light bulb.
In this electric power learning exercise, students read about the relationship between voltage, power and current and use the equation for power to find the voltage, power or current in nineteen problems.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.58207
Retrieved Text: A photovoltaic module, or panel, is a device that converts direct or indirect sunlight into electrical energy.
The basic component is the photovoltaic (or solar) cell, which behaves like a battery.
When illuminated, it supplies an almost constant voltage and a current which is proportional to the intensity of the light.
As the voltage of each single cell is small (less than one volt), they are connected in series (just like the batteries in a portable radio) in order to obtain a higher output voltage.
The resulting product is known as a photovoltaic module (or also solar panel).
There are various types of photovoltaic cell, but those based on silicon (the most prevalent material on the Earth's crust, the same used to make glass) are the most widespread and the most reliable. Silicon cells can be monocrystalline or polycrystalline (generically: crystalline silicon cells) that differ in some aspects related to the mechanical strength and efficiency, but which are used similarly in the manufacture of the photovoltaic modules. A crystalline silicon cell generates a voltage of about 0.5 V and a current which depends on the intensity of light (it is zero in the dark) and can exceed 8 amps, depending on the size of the cell and its efficiency. A photovoltaic module therefore behaves as an electric current generator the voltage of which can be easily calculated. Each cell provides about half a volt, so the module voltage will be equal to half the number of cells, while the maximum current will be of the order of a few amperes, depending

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.469772
Retrieved Text: To study Motor & Generator.
To study advantages & applications of motor.
To design a mini electricity generator.
To design a battery charger.
To develop a portable mini hand generator.
which only needs 1 volt light up.
AC voltage into DC voltage for the LED.
A device used to convert mechanical energy into electrical energy.
Mechanical motion turns the armature which creates current.
Many AC motors can function as a generator.
The generator is made from mini AC motor with a gear system.
AC motor which acts as generator.
Step- 2: Take the two wires from mini AC motor terminals.
Step- 3:Connect the two wires from mini AC motor terminals to Rectifier circuit made up of two diodes, which rectifies the AC voltage of generator (Converts AC voltage into DC voltage).
Step- 5:Connect gear shafts of mini AC motor to handle.
Step- 6: Move the handle rapidly to rotate the mini AC motor.
Step- 7:The mini AC motor will work as a generator and LED will light showing generation of electricity.
A generator works by a magnetic field inducing a voltage into a coil of motor.
on the coil, the size of the coil and the strength of the magnetic field increases.
the electricity into the coil. This can be done by moving the rotor of motor.
When a rotor of mini motor is rotated with help of handle, it induces an AC voltage into the coil of motor. The generator produces electricity that will light up the light bulb – generation of electricity can therefore be simply demonstrated.
is maximum scope for using it in imaginative designs and inventions.
power mobile charger, hand crank radio etc.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.116184
Retrieved Text: What is LINEAR ALTERNATOR? What does LINEAR ALTERNATOR mean? LINEAR ALTERNATOR meaning.
A linear alternator is essentially a linear motor used as an electrical generator.
An alternator is a type of alternating current (AC) electrical generator. The devices are often physically equivalent. The principal difference is in how they are used and which direction the energy flows. An alternator converts mechanical energy to electrical energy, whereas a motor converts electrical energy to mechanical energy. Like most electric motors and electric generators, the linear alternator works by the principle of electromagnetic induction. However, most alternators work with rotary motion, whereas "linear" alternators work with "linear" motion (i.e. motion in a straight line).
When a magnet moves in relation to an electromagnetic coil, this changes the magnetic flux passing through the coil, and thus induces the flow of an electric current, which can be used to do work. A linear alternator is most commonly used to convert back-and-forth motion directly into electrical energy. This short-cut eliminates the need for a crank or linkage that would otherwise be required to convert a reciprocating motion to a rotary motion in order to be compatible with a rotary generator.
The simplest type of linear alternator is the Faraday Flashlight. This is a torch (UK) or flashlight (USA) which contains a coil and a permanent magnet. When the appliance is shaken back and forth, the magnet oscillates through the coil and induces an electric current. This current is used to charge a capacitor, thus storing energy for later use. The appliance can then produce light, usually

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.111755
Retrieved Text: One Way Light Switch Wiring Diagram: Replacing way light switches with zwave doityourself. Mustang backup lights not working ford forum. .
Motor A transducer which converts electrical energy to kinetic energy (motion).
Buzzer A transducer which converts electrical energy to sound.
Wire Connects components and passes current easily from one part of a circuit to another.
Half hot outlets switch electrical diy chatroom. Lamp parts and repair doctor way sockets vs. Replacing way light switches with zwave doityourself. Mustang backup lights not working ford forum. Thermostat wikiwand. Wiring double way lightswitch diynot forums. Help replacing double switch for dimmer. How to install navigation lights on your boat youtube. Way switch wiring power from light fixture to. Way switch diagram lutron leviton cooper printable. Apnt standard way lighting circuit gang vesternet. How to wire a way light switch with wiring diagram. Gang way intermediate switch wiring diynot forums.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.039467
Retrieved Text: Typically 30% of your domestic electricity bill is spent on lighting your home.
The use of energy saving light bulbs can help to reduce the typical domestic electricity bill by producing the same amount of light as a standard light bulb but by using a fraction of the electricity. This new technology means that energy saving light bulbs can outlive standard light bulbs by 8 times!
A consideration that one must take into account, however, is that energy saving light bulbs do not work with standard electronic sensors, timers or dimmers, though there are special units available that can work with these bulbs.
Standard incandescent light bulbs (your standard domestic light bulb) are generally pear shaped and burn electricity to heat a filament until it glows white and produces a bright light. Approximately 90% of the electricity used to power regular light bulbs is lost to heat and you can expect the burn time to be 800 – 1000 hours before expiration.
These types of bulbs contain a small pocket filled with a halogen gas, which emits a bright white light. They emit a greater degree of light than standard light bulbs of a similar wattage and use less electricity. In addition, they have a longer burn time of 2000 – 3000 hours in total.
Older halogen units ran at low voltage and required a transformer and their output was limited to around 20W – mains voltage halogen bulbs are now available which do not require a transformer and have better outputs.
These bulbs are the long, thin tubes that can often

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.772953
Retrieved Text: Long life: A long lifespan is the number one benefit of choosing LED lights; the bulbs and diodes have an outstanding performance of more than 100,000 hours. This means that with LED lighting equipment for sale in Los Angeles will give you an entire 11 years of continuous operation or 22 years if it is lit for 12 hours every day; it should take an average of 20 years before you are forced to replace the LED bulb. Contrary to the standard light that burns out, LED bulbs emit diodes which means they only become less bright as time progresses.
Energy efficiency: With an estimated energy efficiency of between 80 to 90 percent, LED lights for home in Los Angeles provides the most efficient ways of lighting and illumination. What this means is that with more than 80% of the energy consumed by the bulb being converted into light, only about 20% is lost and converted to other energy forms such as heat. The traditional incandescent bulb converts only 20% of the energy it consumes into light while the remaining 80% is converted to heat which is therefore lost. Because of the long lifespan of LED lights for sale in Hollywood, you will spend less time on maintenance since you will change them less often as well.
Ecologically friendly: LED lighting equipment in Los Angeles doesn’t have any toxic chemicals; the traditional fluorescent bulbs have materials such as mercury that have a negative impact on the environment. There are no toxic materials in LED bulbs and they are

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.647713
Retrieved Text: There are four different types of light bulb technologies still in use today, all of which have their own unique pros and cons. Below are the light bulbs explained and how they can affect your energy consumption, electrical bills and your lighting in your home. EU regulations are pushing the removal of one particular type of light bulb technology, so you will have a wider choice of bulbs when it comes to replacing the soon to be removed bulbs.
The incandescent bulb is the most common light bulb technology in use, but is under attack from EU legisaltion and is currently being phased out to be replaced by more energy efficient technology (the light bulbs listed and explained below).
Incandescent light bulbs work by heating a small tungsten filament in the bulb and producing light. However, to produce any light at all the tungsten filament must be hot and produce a lot of heat. Because of this, incandescent light bulbs are regarded as a waste of heat and energy (they also cost more to use compared to new energy-friendly alternatives) and also dangerous because of the high temperature they will reach when in use.
Halogen bulbs work on the same principle as incandescent bulbs, but instead use halogen gas inside the bulb to help maintain its life and quartz glass material for the bulb to keep heat inside the bulb and reduce heat loss. Compared to a normal incadescent bulb, halogen light bulbs last marginally longer.
CFL light bulbs use a gas which emits ultraviolent light when 'excited' by electricity;

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.59877
Retrieved Text: Home » Electrical » How many apps does it take to change a light bulb?
How many apps does it take to change a light bulb?
Two green-thinking innovators have created smartphone software that won the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) top award for Apps for the Environment. The app, called Light Bulb Finder, can tell you in an instant the correct wattage to use when replacing those inefficient incandescent bulbs with LED or compact fluorescent light bulb (CFL) models.
Kudos go to Andrea Nylund and Adam Borut of Eco Hatchery, a think tank that creates solutions for green homes where owners want to conserve water and energy and cut their utility bills. Light Bulb Finder is a free smartphone app that not only suggests the correct energy-saving replacement bulb, but tells users about programs in their state that offer rebates or assistance in energy conservation.
According to Matthew Loveless of the Department of Energy, the winning app uses data from the EPA on carbon emissions, the Energy Information Administration on electricity costs and ENERGY STAR light bulb statistics to recommend the best solution for your replacements.
Installing a CFL bulb in place of a traditional incandescent bulb can save consumers about $10 in energy costs the first year, according to Loveless. You can multiply the savings against the total number of bulbs you replace and see how much sense it makes to change.
Here is where you can download the app for an Apple or Android.
Joe Romm of Climate Progress lists the Light Bulb Finder app at the top of his list

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.582466
Retrieved Text: Solar powered electrical generation relies on heat engines and photovoltaics. Solar energy's uses are limited only by human ingenuity. A partial list of solar applications includes space heating and cooling through solar architecture, potable water via distillation and disinfection, daylighting, solar hot water, solar cooking, and high temperature process heat for industrial purposes. To harvest the solar energy, the most common way is to use solar panels.
Your single source for solar panels and energy-efficient bulbs.
Just because we are SunEnergy Warehouse, doesn’t mean you need to buy in bulk. Our entire stock of solar panels and systems, LEDs, fluorescents including compact, halogen, incandescent, HIDs and miniatures – everything from our vast inventory can now be purchased in any number you choose, from one to thousands. And, just because we are SunEnergy Warehouse also means guaranteed lowest prices on any quantity, lowest to highest.
We offer home solar power units, solar panels, batteries of all types for solar use, and the newest and most efficient LED bulbs. The future is now with SunEnergy Warehouse, your number one source for solar power and energy efficiency products.
In the past, light bulbs were measured in terms of brightness in watts. A conventional incandescent light bulb produces a normal amount of light at 60-watts. The majority of residential incandescent bulbs used 60-watts of energy to produce enough lumens, or amount of light, to sufficiently light a room. In contrast, LED light bulbs are measured in terms of brightness in lumens. Below is a chart to compare brightness from incandescent bulbs to LED bulbs.
To

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.41457
Retrieved Text: Low Energy Lighting, what’s it all about?
It has become extremely important to reduce your carbon footprint and the amount of energy that your business uses. Installing low energy lighting is one of the easiest ways to improve energy efficiency and save your business money. But what is low energy lighting and how do energy saving light bulbs work?
An energy saving light bulb is a compact fluorescent lamp, as opposed to traditional light bulbs which are incandescent lamps. Traditional bulbs are purchased with different wattage outputs and a typical light bulb is usually 60 watts or 100 watts and this indicates how much power the bulb uses each hour. A low energy equivalent will use only 9 or 11 watts every hour, and you can see that this represents quite a large power saving, without compromising on the amount of light produced.
The only downside to energy saving light bulbs is that they initially cost more than incandescent bulbs – but this cost is offset by how much longer they last. Estimations show that, an energy saving light bulb could save around £20 in electricity costs used to run it over the course of it’s life.
How does an Energy Saving Light Bulb Work?
What happens is, the glass tubes that you can see in the bulb are filled with gas, this is mercury vapour. Also contained in the bulb is an electronic ballast, electricity flows through this and as the light is switched on the mercury vapour gives off light in the ultraviolet range, this then stimulates the phosphorous

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.35955
Retrieved Text: Although I’m an engineering expert in the 21st Century, I often have to employ engineering principles that are centuries old. A case in point is Gaspard Gustave de Coriolis‘ formula to compute work, as set out in his Principle of Work. We’ll work with his formula today, and we’ll introduce a unit of measurement used to quantify work known as the Newton.
where F represents the force acting upon an object that travels a distance of D. Force is most often expressed in metric units as kilogram • meter per second2, a wordy expression which is more conveniently referred to as the Newton.
Next time we’ll explore the special relationship between work and energy and introduce another unit used to quantify work.
I was recently retained as an engineering expert in a lawsuit in which I had to determine the force acting upon an object. In order to quantify that force, I employed Gaspard Gustave de Coriolis‘ Principle of Work, an engineering concept he introduced in his 1829 textbook, Calculation of the Effects of Machines. We’ll take our first look at de Coriolis’ Principle of Work today, along with the term he used to quantify work, the dynamode.
As a scientist living during the time of the great Industrial Revolution, de Coriolis was interested in lots of things, and he was particularly interested in quantifying the effort involved to accomplish tasks, like how many men, horses, or steam engines were required to move a stationary object. He defined this activity as work, and he hoped its study would lead to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.347157
Retrieved Text: LEDs are now easier to incorporate into your everyday life, and prices are quickly becoming more affordable. LEDs, or light–emitting diodes, are semiconductor devices that produce visible light when an electrical current is passed through them. LEDs are now being incorporated into bulbs and fixtures for general lighting applications. LEDs are small and provide unique design opportunities.
Incandescent bulbs produce light using electricity to heat a metal filament until it becomes “white” hot or is said to incandesce. As a result, incandescent bulbs release 90% of their energy as heat. Over the next few years, the A-style incandescent bulbs will gradually be phased-out as EISA efficiency standards are phased-in. The phase-out schedule begins with the 100 watt incandescents in January 2012 and ends with new standards for the 40 watt incandescent in 2014.
In a CFL, an electric current flows between electrodes at each end of a tube containing gases. This reaction produces ultraviolet (UV) light and heat. The UV light is transformed into visible light when it strikes a phosphor coating on the inside of the bulb. What makes these bulbs use 2/3 less energy than a traditional bulb is a small amount of mercury—an average of 5 milligrams, which is roughly equivalent to an amount that would cover the tip of a ball-point pen. By comparison, older thermometers contain about 500 milligrams of mercury. No mercury is released when the bulbs are intact or in use, and the energy efficiency of CFLs actually presents an opportunity to reduce mercury emissions. However, proper disposal or recycling of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.133293
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 01:10:50 pm at 04/22/2019 01:10:50 pm in Motion Detecting Light Switch.
motion detecting light switch motion detecting switch maestro dual voltage motion sensor switch motion detector switches motion detecting switch what are motion sensor lights with pictures motion sensors are comprised of fairly basic components which sense a change in surroundings and then activate a light accordingly.
how to install a bathroom fan timer switch , my outdoor security light wont turn off george brazil step adjust the sensitivity settings, liftmaster lm pack motion detecting control panel push button liftmaster lm pack motion detecting control panel push button light switch, how to wire or more motion sensors to the same lights drawing of actual wire connections for installing multiple motion sensors, how to choose the best motion detector lights how to choose the best motion detector lightsif you are looking for a simple solution to , motion detecting light bulb led infrared motion detection light motion detecting light bulb led infrared motion detection light sensor warm white light bulb lamp auto switch stairs outdoor led motion sensor light bulb,motion sensors wiring devices light controls the home depot maestro amp dual voltage motion sensor switch , pir infraed motion sensor light switch sta for led and energy pir infraed motion sensor light switch sta for led and energy saving bulbs, install motion lights match wiring and attach with wire connectors and electrical tape, leviton odsid decora volt wall switch occupancy sensor topgreener tsoswhite in wall pir motion sensor light switch occupancy sensor switch onoff override singlepole fluorescent

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.12724
Retrieved Text: LED lights save money. No matter what standard you are using, they reduce the monthly energy bill for businesses and individuals.
They require significantly less energy than other traditional lighting options and companies, businesses and homeowners can see a quick return on investment when they convert their lighting to LED lights.
Electrical lighting has become so commonplace and taken for granted that some people think their lighting bill is a fixed cost that can only be reduced by turning the lights off and working in the dark. Because it isn’t usually as big of a cost as heating or cooling a building, for example, many people don’t consider the money they spend on lighting or how they could reduce that monthly cost.
Energy consumption, bulb replacement, and labor costs are all factors that should be taken into consideration if you are thinking about converting to LED lights. Whatever your lighting needs, LED lights are often the best option for providing reliable lighting while saving money.
The number one factor in lighting costs is the amount of energy that is used to illuminate the bulb. Using lighting options that reduce your energy consumption can go a long way in having a lower monthly electrical bill. Typically when people think of energy saving lights, they think of CFLs (compact fluorescent lamp) or LEDs. While CFLs are certainly more energy efficient than other lighting options like incandescent or fluorescent bulbs, they still consume more energy than LEDs. Plus, CFLs contain mercury, which, if not disposed of properly, can leach into water sources and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.972782
Retrieved Text: Module Dimensions: Length 20" X Width 26" X Thickness 1.4. Weight: 13 pounds What could you power? If the 40 watt solar panel received 5 hours per day of full sun: 2.3 Amps X 5 hrs = 11.5 amp-hrs per day. 11.5 X 12V = 138 watt-hrs of solar energy in your battery. Double your daily power by adding a second solar panel. If you were using a 20 watt compact fluorescent bulb with the inverter (we'll call it 25 watts because the inverter uses some energy) then you could light the bulb for about 5 1/2 hours with the energy you produced that day. But you have a battery! Since the battery holds 55 amp-hours or over 660 watt-hours of energy, you could light the light for 26 hours before you need a charge, but it's better to charge it sooner. Batteries last much longer if you limit the discharge to 50% of it's capacity and then charge it up. You get the idea - the sun puts watt-hours into your battery and then you use it to power stuff that uses watt-hours. Energy in, energy out. The charge controller prevents the 12V sealed lead-acid battery from over-charging, the inverter converts the 12V DC to 115V AC (standard household-type power). The GoPower 300 inverter is limited to loads of 300 watts or less.
Perfect for beginners that want to get started in solar but don't know where to begin. Customize your own system. House the battery and components in a cooler on wheels or build a

================



======= Instance Index 444 =========
Input Text: A man grows flowers in the winter using his greenhouse. The flowers blossom there, despite the cold, freezing weather and lack of sunshine, because

Which is the correct answer?
- they are regularly chilled
- they are given salt
- they are carefully protected
- they are told to

Target Text: they are carefully protected

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.084526
Retrieved Text: Cherry blossom trees typically bear white or pink flowers.
1 How Big Do Cherry Trees Get?
2 How Long Does It Take to Grow or Raise Cherry Blossoms?
Types of cherry blossom trees are famous for showy, spring flowers. Also known as ornamental cherry trees, they are not grown for fruit production, but most produce small drupes. Cherry blossom trees are typically deciduous, prefer full sun to partial shade and grow about 25 feet tall. Often planted as a seasonal privacy screen, they have a favorable fire resistance rating and their roots have a low potential for damaging underground utilities or paved areas.
While many cherry blossom trees can grow in any type of soil, certain types grow best in loamy or sandy soil and flower in winter or spring. “Shirofugen” flowering cherry (Prunus) grows in U.S. Department of Agriculture plant hardiness zones 5 through 7 and 9 through 10a. It puts out fragrant, pink or white blossoms followed by a small, black drupe. Taiwan flowering cherry grows in USDA zones 7 through 8 and displays pink or purple blossoms followed by very small, purple-black, red or mostly green drupe. The leaves of both trees turn bronze or gold in the fall.
Some types of cherry blossom trees adorn your property year-round with evergreen foliage. Carolina cherry laurel (Prunus caroliniana) grows about 35 feet tall in USDA zones 7 through 10. It bears blossoms in winter or spring, followed by small, black fruit. “Bright-n-Tight” cherry laurel (Prunus caroliniana) grows in USDA zones 8 through 10 and features fragrant flowers in spring,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.00724
Retrieved Text: As an enthusiastic gardening lover, I could spend an entire afternoon in my sweet yard during the weekend.
With lush and colorful plants surrounding you, you will lose yourself in the natural world and forget all the trifles in the daily life.
While in winter, most of the plants will be withered, making the garden losing its vitality. Here we will show you some excellent garden plants for winter. Hope will be helpful to you to enrich your yard and turn it in one you still want to hang around in the cold season.
When coming to garden plants for winter, the first one leaping into my mind is Plum Blossom.
During the extremely harsh winter, almost all plants are withered and bare, while the plum standing out alone with pink flowers blossoming on its branches.
The plum is quite resistant to cold, it survives in the snow with tenacious vitality just like a tough warrior.
Actually, the plum blossom occupy a high position in the oriental culture. There is one famous Chinese poem going: fragrance of plum comes from hardship and cold, which means to be successful, we have to exert constant efforts, endure many hardships and overcome lots of difficulties.
There are many varieties of plum blossoms. The cold resistance of different plum blossoms will vary a little, among which the Apricot Plum will top of them.
Generally, the blooming period of the plum starts from December till February of the next year.
The plum does not have high requirement of soil condition and is tolerant of poor soil. It can grow well

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.355328
Retrieved Text: The winter season is in full swing, and with it brings chillier weather and freezing condensation. These things can wreak havoc on your home garden and leave you with a mess to deal with come spring. However, taking pre-winter steps can help you achieve success during blossom season and your vegetation will thank you.
Cleaning up your garden beds will help keep weeds and tangled vegetation from choking the remaining plants that don’t die off from the cold weather. Removing dead/rotten plants will keep the rest of your vegetation from getting diseased and ruined.
Layer your flower bed with mulch to suppress weeds and protect your soil. Mulch just enough to cover soil so it’s insulated and not exposed. This doesn’t keep the soil from freezing, but actually helps the roots keep cold and at an even temperature. Make sure to research which mulching materials are right for your flowers.
Once the temperature drops below freezing, your perennials will begin to die away. This is the time to snip their stems. Make sure to make cuts within 1-2 inches to the ground and dispose of the stems as they can carry diseases that affect the plants in the spring.
Tender plants can make great indoor plants. Perennial or annual flowers that can’t handle even a light frost will do just fine potted and brought inside to be monitored and nourished in your home. Once the spring season gets into full swing and things warm up, these plants can go right back in the ground.
If you have a vegetable garden, make

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.971825
Retrieved Text: What Are the Best Greenhouse Variations?
Do gardening applying greenhouse practices and grow veggies and flowers within an environment-friendly way.
Maybe you have loved your annuals in summer time time, but were sad when the cold temperatures of July and December killed these flowers? Perhaps you had a beautiful big coleus twelve months and left it outside all through the wintertime and could never discover that selection again.
The others might like to own fresh summertime vegetables in the winter time. Long lasting purpose, lots of you wish to have a greenhouse to develop a backyard in the winter.
What do you want to create a greenhouse?
1. Greenhouse systems are great for the beginner. There are many greenhouse products accessible which you will get from a few of the greater yard centers or off of the internet. These centers give you a full array of greenhouse kits and components to construct your own personal greenhouse from scratch.
Relying on how several flowers you wish to grow, you'll need to choose a greenhouse kit. If you are only start, you should Was ist ein Anlehngewächshaus probably consider purchasing a smaller greenhouse that will eat up less power and loosen up faster.
2. A heater is necessary for individuals more north and in cool climates. This really is specially the situation if you want to propagate annuals or grow tomatoes during winter months time. Annuals and tomatoes can't manage freezing conditions, therefore if you wish to effectively propagate annuals such as impatients and coleus, you ought to have the temperature in your greenhouse collection

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.84003
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in Botanical Gardens, Conservatory, Greenhouse, Photography and tagged beautiful flowers, greenhouse, leaves, orchids, photography, plants on March 9, 2015 by uribg.
For the record, I don’t hate winter or snow; I would much rather have a cold snowy winter than a brown, gray, muddy winter. At least you can play in the snow! I like XC skiing, sledding, ice skating, building snowmen and snow forts and all that good stuff. Snow also contributes some nitrogen to the soil and protects perennials from freeze damage. And lucky me, I don’t have to do the shoveling at my house 🙂 !
But Sunday night we had about 6 inches added to the two feet or so on the ground, Yesterday a bit of rain, woke this morning to snow falling again –just got the phone call that school will be dismissed an hour early. Prediction for low of 8 F tonight. Basically, I have run out of things to say about winter. The author of “New Hampshire Garden Solutions”, a great blog about the natural world of the White Mountains, remarks on this long cold snowy winter –with beautiful photos– in his post “Wintering”. Enjoy!
This entry was posted in Botanical Gardens, Gardening, Public Gardens, Uncategorized and tagged seasons, snow, weather, winter on March 5, 2015 by uribg.
It’s noon, and it’s 12 degrees, but it’s sunny with no wind… so I went out to the garden to look for signs of spring….crazy, I know. I stepped in a snowbank over my knees but then was able to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.508533
Retrieved Text: Yushan Rhododendron, Nanhu Rhododendron and Formosan Rhododendron are three common species of alpine vegetation on the island. Their flowers are similar and the buds blossom at the same period. When spring comes, the Rhoda flowers dot the entire mountain.
Yushan Rhododendron species grows on the highest altitude compared to other species of the Rhoda plants. It spreads widely on the slopes between 1,000 to 3,500 meters high. Either it be among the Broad-leaf woodland, coniferous woodland, Yushan Arrow Bamboo grassland, the Yushan Round Cypress Woodland or on steep mountain walls, the Yushan Rhododendron can be seen almost everywhere. Its flowers either stands alone or in cluster blanket the entire mountain slopes, rendering one of the most splendid sights on the mountain. As such, in spring, Yushan Rhododendron is regarded as the beauty queen of the highland.
It is often difficult to differentiate among Yushan Rhododendron, Nanhu Rhododendron and Formosan Rhododendron for most climbers, as there flowers look similar and they all blossom at the same time.
Yushan Rhododendron, Nanhu Rhododendron and Formosan Rhododendron's appearances are either as small trees or shrubs. The Yushan Rhododendron and Nanhu Rhododendron's stems and inflorescence areas are hairy. However, the Formosan Rhododendron has no such characteristic. Leaf is perhaps the easiest part to tell them apart. The back of the Formosan Rhododendron leaves is in slivery white color and hairy, whereas the Yushan Rhododendron's leaves have dark red spots and the Nanhu Rhododendron's leaves are covered with brown color fine hairs. However, it is impossible to tell the difference from their flowers or fruits.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.3182
Retrieved Text: Coldest days of the winter so far are upon us. I received a gift of an indoor-outdoor thermometer which records minimum/maximum temperatures. Now when I get up 5:30 I know it really IS cold, instead of guessing! I am hoping to skate on the pond by this weekend, something that doesn’t happen every winter here in southern Rhode Island.
5 F this morning up here at the greenhouse, (0 F down at my house) but bright and sunny. I love the magical, feathery frost patterns that form on the glass inside the conservatory! It’s warm and lovely in the greenhouse, especially when the sun comes out. The grafted citrus tree is blooming, and the scent of orange blossoms is in the air, mixed with the fragrance of the flowering gardenias…heavenly! Since I can only show you the flowers, you’ll have to come in and experience the sweet smells for yourself.
Is January cold where you are?
This entry was posted in Conservatory, Greenhouse, Photography, Plants, Uncategorized and tagged flowers, fragrance, weather, winter on January 8, 2015 by uribg.
Hard frost came to my home garden in the wee hours of Monday morning. Here at the top of Kingston Hill, the Botanical Garden had none to speak of, but the plants are looking pretty tired. Lack of rain, deer, woodchucks, and rabbits took their toll this year! Wide swaths of Phlox and Chelone were eaten to little nubs, then eaten again. Hostas disappeared early on. Echinacea has become a wildlife delicacy. Annuals were lunch as soon as they were set out.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.17305
Retrieved Text: NATURAL HABITAT AND PREFERRED SITE: Escarpment live oak grows in the same area that the coastal live oak grows but also further inland and north and in more rocky alkaline droughty areas.
IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION: Live oak is a dramatically beautiful evergreen tree with a wide rounded head. Limbs tend to dip and sweep in all the way to the ground unless trimmed away. Single and multi stemmed trees exist.
FLOWERS AND FRUIT: Rust colored male flowers that hang from the terminal growth in the early spring along with female flowers that bloom singly or in clusters. Fruits are one seeded black acorns.
BARK: Very dark colored, smooth and gray or off white when young, becoming heavily textured and very dark with age. Live oaks and blackjack oaks probably have the darkest bark of all the oaks.
FOLIAGE: Small, glossy, thick, evergreen leaves that vary considerably in shape and size, 1 to 3 inches long, ½-1 inch wide.
CULTURE: Live oak is easy to establish and easy to grow but is a relatively high maintenance tree because it’s dropping something year round - leaves, flowers, or acorns. Most people have the misconception that it is a clean tree because it is evergreen. It responds well to ample moisture and fertilizer but over fertilization can bring on various pest problems including root fungal diseases.
PROBLEMS: Aphids, ice damage, galls, oak wilt and almost continuous flavor, leaf, acorn drop. It has to be considered a high maintenance plant on most urban sites although it is a very important tree for Texas. Another possible problem is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.10349
Retrieved Text: Spring is upon us once again and there is much to do in the garden and hopefully time to plant flower and bush pollinators for the bees and other insects. Our garden has several attractants such as pink and white heather, a mystery highly fragrant bush by our front door, a rhododendron and a cherry blossom next door for starters. Here’s a few planting suggestions on how we can all help the bees.
Later in the spring / summer Mint begins to blossom and seems to attract wild bees and other insects to the flowers. This fragrant herb should be potted as it can take over your garden.
Without enough protection in our cold winters it can be a challenge to grow these herbs some years. Now we have a greenhouse, potted herbs will overwinter there.
My first choice vegetable to grow for flowers is the Scarlet runner bean – I start the seeds inside in April / May for transplanting out when temperatures warm up. This is my main recommendation because it is a fast grower and not only attracts bees and other beneficial insects but the hummingbirds can always be seen making their daily visits. Beans also have the benefit of producing over a long season, remaining prolific as long as the beans are picked. It will continue to flower until killed by frost or snow. It is also a great kid friendly plant to grow. Every year I save some seeds for planting the following year and have done this for decades.
This spring I have planted

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.98151
Retrieved Text: Gardening is a hobby that enables you to learn new skills, develop your knowledge and also relax and be at one with nature, so it’s never fun to have to hang up your apron and put the gloves away for the winter season.
Many people think that gardening and creating a picture perfect garden can only be enjoyed through the summertime, when the warmer months are upon us, but that’s not necessarily the case. These useful tips will help you to keep your gardening hobby going throughout the winter, and enjoy your favourite past time all year around.
Planning in advance is always beneficial when it comes to gardening, especially when you want certain flowers to bloom through the summer. Start by figuring out exactly what you want in your garden for next spring/summer, as this will help you figure out what needs to be planted in advance. Winter is the perfect time to start these seeds and have them growing in time for the gorgeous weather.
For those who have the space to add a greenhouse to the garden, it makes a great way to upgrade your garden and extend the growing season. Greenhouses are the perfect way to grow all kinds of plants and flowers, without having to worry about the weather conditions or temperatures having any effect on their growing progress. There are so many things you can add to your greenhouse to create the perfect environment for your plants, especially through the winter, such as greenhouse heaters and high-powered lighting, so you there’s nothing stopping

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.858593
Retrieved Text: It has just started blooming and will be perfect for Valentine’s day. It is not one of my flowers but my neighbors. On our adjoining property line is a large camellia bush with the prettiest red peony-shaped flowers. Every year in late winter it will start to bloom, and I am welcome to pick as many flowers as I want.
I usually wait until February before picking any of these frilly, red camellias to bring inside. Come February 14th, there will be a big bowl of these beauties setting on my dining room table. Isn’t it wonderful to have neighbors who share?
Winter here on the Gulf Coast is usually a series of ups and downs on the temperature scale. Below freezing one day and in the 80’s the next, and a few days later – freezing again. When temperatures fluctuate like that, plants can really be damaged or lost completely. Gardeners have to scurry around trying to protect plants when we get a cold spell following a warm period.
This year has been different. We have pretty much had consistently chilly to cold weather. Once cool weather settled in, we have had only two short warm-ups which means that plants have stayed on the dormant side. Many of the plants that flourish in our fall and winter gardens are really tender perennials which can succumb to freezing weather, and last night they were put to the test.
We had about eight hours of below freezing temps, and everything seemed to come through fine. While it only got down to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.633102
Retrieved Text: In reading the title of the poem it suggests there should be a pleasant setting of an old man inside house beside a fire on a cold winters night but instead the writer has denied the readers any comforting expectations. Winter essay Now Embracing Winter Warmly Winter is a weather reality for most of us who live in North America.
While the extremes and severity of said weather vary, depending on the latitudinal coordinate where you reside, it amazes me how much more people complain these days about the cold, snow and even road conditions.
Seasons: Winter Titles Winter Quotes Winter Poems. Titles A Snowman's Prayer Please Freeze! Amen All Bundled Up Baby It's Cold Outside! Be Warm Inside And Out The snow fell gently all the night. It made a blanket soft and white. It covered houses, flowers and ground Get access to The Cold Winter Night Essays only from Anti Essays. Listed Results 1 30. Get studying today and get the grades you want. Only at Free Essay: An Old Mans Winter Night This is a very haunting poem about an old man who stands alone dying in a dark house in winter.
Essay about An Old Man's Winter Night Analysis. 1237 Words Apr the title of the poem it suggests there should be a pleasant setting of an old man inside a house beside a fire on a cold winters night A cold winter night essay assignment For me, it was a return to a brothers essay dhamma city that I had visited 25 years ago.
Captcha

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.58686
Retrieved Text: The winter season is just around the corner, and now is a great time to make sure that your landscaping is ready for cooler temperatures and harsh weather conditions. During the winter months, outdoor temperatures can dip below freezing. By working with a company offering landscape architecture in Franklin Lakes, you can create a beautiful garden that will tolerate the cold. Along with choosing cold tolerant plants, you can also incorporate other backyard ideas that will transform your yard into a winter wonderland. Here is a look at some great ways to prepare your landscaping for the winter.
During the fall season, the trees and bushes in your yard will shed many of their leaves. In order to prepare your garden for the winter, it is essential to clean up any debris that remains in your yard after the fall season. If fallen leaves are left to sit on the ground, they can create an unsightly mess on your property. A company that specializes in landscaping services can help you with every step of your fall cleanup.
While the spring months are filled with beautiful blooms, some plants actually prefer to flower during the winter season. To ensure that your garden is beautiful and vibrant this winter, you may want to talk to your landscaper about including some winter flowers in your backyard design. For example, Christmas roses and winter jasmine are both plants that produce flowers in freezing temperatures.
Along with choosing winter flowers for your garden, you can also plant shrubs and bushes that are resistant to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.37025
Retrieved Text: The Ice Plants (Delosperma) are native to Africa. The cold hardy species of Delosperma are indigenous to the mid- and high elevation mountains and deserts of the Republic of South Africa and its landlocked neighbor and the world’s highest elevation country, Lesotho. The common name Ice Plant refers to the sparkling evergreen foliage of some of the plants in the genus.
In the early 1990’s Panayoti Kelaidis, then Director of Denver Botanic Gardens’s Rock Alpine Garden, began his explorations to South Africa to study its flora. Here he found plants of Delosperma growing in the mountains where there was snow all winter. So he started to test plants of Delosperma cooperi as a possible addition to the intermountain plant palette. Guess what? The plants survived the winter. And over the past 20 years, Delosperma cooperi has not only become a staple groundcover in western Xeriscapes, but started the cold hardy Delosperma revolution. There are now dozens of fantastic species and hybrid cold hardy Ice Plants currently in cultivation with more to come!
I make ample use of this genus in my xeriscapes. In addition to being an excellent source of nectar and pollen for the honeybees, I have found these showy groundcovers to be a perfect match for planting into gravel mulch (a very common component of waterwise landscapes). The plants grow rapidly over the gravel covering the rocks to provide relief from reflected glare and heat while blooming in a rainbow of colors to brighten their planting area. Ice Plants are definitely waterwise and don’t need a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.24074
Retrieved Text: Pollination is an important step in producing fresh cucumbers.
Cucumber blossoms can shrivel up without setting fruit even after the gardener plants them in rich soil, waters regularly, and feeds the plants faithfully. One reason is that the early flowers are only males, but in the hybrid varieties the flowers are only females. Without pollination, cucumbers do not form fruit. Honey bees are the main pollinator of cucumber, but if the bee population is low or inactive because of rainy weather the cucumber flowers do not get pollinated. When this occurs, a dedicated gardener must hand pollinate the cucumber plants.
Examine the flowers on the cucumber plants in the early morning. Determine which are the male and which are the female blossoms. The female flowers have a miniature cucumber at the base of the petals. This is actually the ovary on the plant where the fruit forms. You must have at least one male blossom, which contains the pollen on the stamens inside the petals.
Pinch one of the male flowers off the vine and remove all the petals to expose the stamens. Do not shake the blossom vigorously since this knocks off the pollen grains.
Touch the stamens to the stigma inside the female flowers. This leaves pollen stuck to the stamens and the cucumber blossom is fertilized. When the female flower dries up, the fruit grows and develops.
Locate the male flowers on the cucumber vines. Take a small, clean paintbrush and drag it across the stamens to gather the pollen grains.
Brush the collected pollen onto the center portion

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.61183
Retrieved Text: In 1912, the cherry trees that are now growing around the Tidal Basin in Washington, D.C., were given to the United States as a gift of friendship from Japan. As time went by, the beauty of these trees in the spring began to attract visitors from all around the world. I took these photos on a rather chilly Sunday morning (April 6), and I wasn’t surprised to find that the trees were not in full blossom yet. Although the Cherry Blossom Festival is being held from March 29 through April 12 this year, the trees are blooming later because of the cold, harsh winter that extended into late March.
As I walked along, I heard some people say how happy they were because it was not as crowded due to the cooler weather. It was easy to find an open bench! What a joy to be able to relax, look out over the water, and listen to the gentle breeze blowing through the trees.
The truth is, even though the trees were not in full bloom, there were actually quite a few cherry blossoms to see—it just took a little time to find them.
This entry was posted in Haiku, Japan, Nature, Photo Essay, photography and tagged Cherry Blossom Festival, flowers, Spring, trees, Washington D.C.. Bookmark the permalink.
True! These cherry trees were gifts from Japan a little over 100 years ago now.
They most certainly have made Washington, D.C., a more beautiful place!
Now, that’s a great gift!!
Thanks Alison and Don…and all of this is only about an hour from my

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.60295
Retrieved Text: Cold, frosty winters make gardening a challenge but the rewards of clear sunny days and a delightful Spring display of bulbs, blossom and paeonies, is all worth it. A bit of thought and planning needs to go into getting your garden through winter. It is not as hard as it seems, but if you have plants in your garden that are marginal in cold winters it is worth taking some precautions. You can protect plants by a layer of mulch but not too close to woody stems, covering with frost cloth or moving pots under cover. Keep a particular eye on plants which are in their first season, it takes them time to acclimatize as well.
It is time to enjoy the winter delights in the garden. Flowers are few and far between over the winter months. Hellebores are commonly known as the winter rose, these are a real jewel in the winter. Hellebores require little care and are hardy. Ensure you prepare a good planting site with well rotted compost or manure. Hellebores prefer moist soils, planting under trees is ideal. Their flowers brighten up your winter garden from May through till September.
For something with a perfume, Wintersweet, Chimonanthus praecox is an essential winter flower with lucid yellowish flowers and maroon throat. Himalayan daphne, Daphne bholua, which is an upright evergreen form, has white star like flowers tucked amongst the foliage. The wafts of scent cannot be missed. Also great as a standard as seen at the front door of our garden centre.
The flower and scent

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.520916
Retrieved Text: Garden and allotment jobs in February!
Now is a great time to start your dahlia tubers, on a window sill or in the greenhouse in the light and warmth of the sun which will help them to sprout prior to planting. They will need to be sprayed now and again to stop them drying out.
Lily bulbs can be planted out and are best placed in the greenhouse until warmer weather.
Bulbs growing in pots or rockeries may need protection, place bricks each side of your container or in the rockery and place Perspex over them to stop heavy rain or snow getting on the flowers and hopefully encouraging them to last longer.
Place half of your gladiolus corms in seed trays in a light warm spot in the greenhouse to encourage them to shoot before planting, 6 weeks later do the same which will hopefully give you some early flowers and later ones as well!
Sweet peas, seed now as is a great time to do so, this will give you some early flowers in pots.
When we get some warmer days, take this time to dead head winter pansies and other winter plants.
If you have them, once the snowdrops have finished, divide and replant in your garden which will give you a bigger display next year. Bulbs such as snowdrops and winter aconites, if you haven’t grown them before now is the time to do so!
If you really want to get to know your garden, test your soil for ph. and nutrient levels. This will help you decide on plants

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.515648
Retrieved Text: Gladiolus comprises some of the most beautiful and easy to cultivate flowering bulbs, preferring rather inorganic soil which should be kept rather dry in winter and moist in spring and summer. Some are winter growing in nature (several South African species) and will lose leaves at low temperatures in winter, but will emerge again in late spring. Species with a hardiness of USDA 7 or 8 are best cultivated as pot plants in a cool greenhouse or wintergarden, thus they will prove as free flowering. All species with a hardiness of USDA 6 are fully winter hardy in Central Europe without any additional winter protection.
Sow at some 5°C preferably in spring (in pots outside) or autumn (in a cool and frosfree greenhouse). Keep pots under cool, yet frostfree conditions and soil always slightly moist. Most Gladiolus seed require a prolonged cooling period for several months before they will germinate with raising temperatures in late spring. Several species tend to have a hypogeal germination, i.e. they make a small corm underground in the first year before the first leaf will emerge in the second year. Pot cultivation for two years before passing on to the open garden, plant bulbs rather deep (some 15cm) to protect them from freezing through. In winter apply some dry mulch layer as additional protection measure. If plants are cultivated in pots, keep them in a cool, yet frostfree spot during winter. Winter dormant species may be placed in shade and soil can be kept rather dry, wintergreen plants require careful watering and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.475056
Retrieved Text: We've been testing this hybrid from Michael Graupe since last summer, and it has been absolutely delightful. This lovely hybrid, named after Michael's daughter Vanessa, started blooming in the fall and never stopped blooming through the winter. We are in the Portland area in Oregon (zone 8) so greenhouses are kept just above freezing during the winter. Even in such cold conditions, Passiflora 'Vanessa' produced smaller flowers but there was rarely a day there wasn't a bloom. When spring started P. 'Vanessa' hit it's stride & resumed beautiful, full flowers. We are getting our first heat waves in Portland and the plant seems to be growing beautifully. Unfortunately we can't attest to the flowering this time of year because we've been cutting all of our plants like crazy for propagation!
While it has been great in our climate, we would love to hear how this passiflora grows in different climates & environments. Please leave a review or let us know on Facebook how it's doing for you. Be advised that while we are trying to grow them as fast as possible they will sell out fast! Happy growing!
Be advised that the plants sell out very fast. The sale is limited to stock on hand, so be prepared to act quickly.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.38413
Retrieved Text: This trailing variety produces zesty, aromatic leaves on branches that arch elegantly downward. It grows about 2′ tall and is ideal for spilling over stonewalls or over the sides of raised beds. Where hardy, it makes a handsome, evergreen ground cover with small blue flowers.
Where Rosemary is not hardy (beyond Zones 7–10), plants may spend the summer outdoors, then come indoors to a sunny window in the coldest room in the house for the winter.
Rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis) is an aromatic evergreen shrub with thin, piney-scented, gray-gray leaves. Native to the Mediterranean, it needs a spot with full sun, and must have excellent drainage and good air circulation to grow well. Water only enough to keep the plant from drying out. Feed lightly once a year in spring. In mild-winter areas, where ground doesn't freeze, Rosemary can be planted right in the ground. In cold winter areas with ground-freezing frosts, Rosemary should be grown in a pot or other container outside over the warm summer season and then brought inside during the cold weather. Do not repot often as this causes shock. Cut back your Rosemary about 1/3 before bringing it indoors to overwinter in a spot that gets at least 6 hours of direct sun. After several years, carefully repot your Rosemary into a slightly larger container. Given the above good growing conditions, Rosemary rarely has problems with insects or disease. Hardy in Zones 7-10.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.351776
Retrieved Text: She whose realm lies in the ice and cold of winter.
Once it was said that she ruled all the world.
When the green things slept for untold aeons beneath her thick icy cloak, until she was given cause for great sorrow and wept floods across the land.
Her heart melting to a thaw and letting loose the rivers.
As she wept she dropped many large rocks from her apron which became mountains and hills, and her hammer shaped the valleys below.
Some even go so far as to say that from her sprang all the spirits and Sidhe of the world.
She grows old in the Autumn and becomes younger as the Winter passes, until Spring she relinquishes her hold and lets he Summer flowers blossom.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.226826
Retrieved Text: Melilot – this is a nectariferous plant!
Description: melilot is a biennial plant. Its stem is upright with up to 2m height. The leaves are ternate; the leaflets are lanceolar with dentate edges. The flowers are yellow. The flowers are gathered into botryose blossom clusters with the 4-10cm length, 30–70 flowers per each blossom cluster. The root is vertical, it goes into the ground. The root length is up to 2m (up to 3m under favourable conditions). The fruit is an egg-shaped little bean with the 3–3.5mm length. The seeds are small. The color is yellow-green or yellow. The seeds keep their germinating capacity during 10 years or even longer.
Melliferous capacity: 300 kg/hectare (cultural) in case of the central regions of Russia.
Blossom periods: the blossom period starts in the middle of June and it lasts 40 — 45 days.
Biological peculiarities: during the first year two or three buds are formed on the root collar with the 0.5 — 1.0cm depth in reference to the surface. During the second year reproduction takes place in the buds. So when the seeds are matured the development cycle is complete. During the first year the plant can be easily drown with weed plants. The melilot is a light-demanding plant so shadowing is harmful for this plant during the first year. It grows at the temperature of +2.+3. It is winter and freeze — resistant. In spring it is able to withstand freezing up to -5. During the first year it is sensitive to drought. After the first year it becomes stable

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.226105
Retrieved Text: What flowers should you plant in autumn/winter?
It is that time of year again; shorter days and longer nights.
As we bid farewell to the summer it is important to begin planting the perfect plants and bulbs to carry us through autumn and winter.
For the best look, it is important to do a little forward planning and ensure that the plants you choose can survive the harsh winter weather.
If you are unsure as to which plants will thrive during the cold months, here is a list of the top ten.
Crocuses are best known for their ability to blossom in the autumn weather. The autumn weather forces their blooms out through the fallen leaves to create a beautiful festival color that will brighten up any garden. It is a good idea to plant these flowers underneath trees as they can be spoilt by heavy rain.
The Dahlias are best for working as a border as other plants begin to tire. This plant comes in extremely exotic colors, so works incredibly well to create a colorful theme throughout your garden. Dahlias come in a variety of sizes from dwarf to XXL….so choose wisely.
The Nerine is the ideal solution to create a dramatic end to a season. These flowers come in cerise pink so will look beautiful on an autumn morning. Despite being found in South Africa, they are extremely hardened to the UK weather.
For the Sternbergia to work well, plant the bulbs throughout rockeries or in large groups for a bigger impact. Surprisingly, these plants enjoy harsh soil and sharp drainage,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.20579
Retrieved Text: Hoya is a genus formerly in the milkweed family, now in the dogbane family Apocynaceae. There are at least 300 species, all native to the Old World. Almost all are vines, and range from thin-leaved delicate tropicals to semidesert succulents. This month’s featured species is one of the most succulent of all.
Hoya pachyclada (Figure below) does not vine; it is much slower growing than almost all other hoyas. Stems are usually short and densely clothed with very thick leaves. If overwatered and overfed, however, it will produce lengthy stems with long internodes. The leaves continue to thicken over several years. Old leaves may be more than a quarter- inch thick. Plants bear good-sized umbels of white flowers in summer (Flower to left). This species is native to dry tropical forest in Thailand, where it is typically an epiphyte on trees. It grows well in a humus-rich potting medium. Keep it in a very small pot. Overpotting will usually result in a rotted plant. It can be grown outdoors in Tucson most of the year, tolerating heat quite well in at least half shade. (Despite its hard succulent leaves, it does not like desert sun.) It can also tolerate cool weather, but keep it well above freezing in winter. Like many desirable plants, this one is a challenge to find. Even nurseries specializing in hoyas often don’t have it, probably because it grows and propagates so slowly.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.054695
Retrieved Text: Here is another pic of mine, some details of the plant and a pic of a more mature plant, from Catcus Art Biz. Cool plant, right?
Description: C. bainesii a deciduous succulent shrub or small tree that grows up to 1,5m high with thick or bottle shaped trunks (caudex) up to 40 cm wide. It is very similar to C. juttae, but shorter and fatter. Bark is papery and smooth, very attractive, clear yellowish-brown to pastel and peeling in rings to reveal grey-green.
Leaves: Huge, bright yellowish-green to glaucous green often with red undulated margins covered with a fairly dense fuzz.
Flowers: In a lose inflorescence on mature plants and are followed by ornamental, orange grapes (don’t eat them they are high in tannic acid and not sweet) they may be slightly toxic.
Cultivation: Grows in a rich, well drained soil with some water and lots of sun throughout the year. It is suited to greenhouse culture but do well out of doors in Mediterranean climate. It doesn’t like the wet winter but will survive. Water plentifully in summer but keep absolutely dry in winter. Mature plants are hardy to -3C, but it is best to avoid freezing temperatures.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.958687
Retrieved Text: A cymbidium in full bloom in the author’s greenhouse. This plan is about to be taken indoors.
Growing flowers in winter gives cheer to cold, gray, snow-covered days and can make you feel that spring is truly just around the corner. An array of beautiful flowering plants can be “forced” into blooming no matter how frigid and dreary the outside world is. And if you own a greenhouse, you can create a steady parade of wintertime blooms of all kinds using the space that a greenhouse provides.
But first, you need to decide what flowers you want to grow. Many favorites are from bulbs, such as paperwhite narcissus. Other bulb options are tulips, daffodils, hyacinths, amaryllises, alliums, and crocuses. Simply look through a bulb catalog and select the ones you like. When the bulbs arrive, put them in a refrigerator for six to eight weeks, after which they’ll be ready for planting.
Time your plantings about another six to eight weeks before you want the flowers. Wide, shallow containers work well for bulbs. By potting a dozen or so bulbs every two to three weeks, you can keep the flowers coming all winter long. After watering a set of newly-planted bulbs, put the container in a reasonably warm location. A south-facing window is fine during the day, but guard against the bulbs getting too cold at night because you want to trick them into thinking that spring has arrived.
While bulbs are very popular flowers to force in winter, there are many other excellent choices. Among these are orchids, such

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.916126
Retrieved Text: This week has been quite a contrast in weather first thing in the morning.
We have had hard frosts, fog and rain. However this has been followed by lovely sunshine which has certainly made a lot of the flowers come out.
Hubby built a cold frame last year and when I looked in this week I noticed that the strawberry plants are already starting to flower.
At the end of last week we noticed these pretty little purple flowers starting to grow. After the rain and afternoon sunshine they have now opened up. We just do not know what they are!
The cold mornings have meant that we have had sad daffodils, however they have soon picked up once the sun has started to shine.
We now have a lovely little picket fence behind the dividing beds that separate the "family/twins" area from the "play" area. We decided to separate the areas so that Joseph is able to play with his football without worrying about plants or the twins.
We have noticed this week that some of the seeds in the greenhouse are now starting to grow. The first ones that are coming are cabbage.
The cold mornings have left a lot of dew on the garden first thing in the morning. When you look closer at plants in the morning you see the beauty of nature that is often missed.
I am sharing this post with Mammasaurus How Does Your Garden Grow head over and look at her beautiful photographs of Exbury Gardens and how other bloggers gardens grow!
I love those cute low

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.916073
Retrieved Text: What to call the "scallop", "plum blossom", and "flower" coins?
Topic: What to call the "scallop", "plum blossom", and "flower" coins?
One of the most beloved flowers in China, the plum blossoms have been frequently depicted in Chinese art and poetry for centuries. The Chinese sees its blossoms as both as a symbol of winter as well as a harbinger of spring. It is precisely for this reason that the blossoms are so beloved, as they bloom most vibrantly amidst the winter snow, after most other plants have shed their leaves, and before other flowers appear. They are seen as an example of resilience and perseverance in the face of adversity, and more recently have also been used as a metaphor to symbolize revolutionary struggle since the turn of the 20th Century. The Moy Yat lineage of Ving Tsun kung fu uses a red plum flower blossom as its symbol. Because they blossom in winter, the plum blossom is a member of "Three Friends of the Cold" (歲寒三友), along with pine, and bamboo. The plum blossom is also a member of Four Gentlemen of Flowers (花中四君子) in Chinese art (the others being orchid, chrysanthemum, and bamboo), symbolizing nobility. It is also one of the four seasonal flowers in Chinese art, which includes the other two flowers of the Four Gentleman, and the lotus.
In Mainland China, they are often used as decoration during the [ur=http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_New_Yearl]Chinese New Year[/url]. The plum blossoms are also one of the four flowers that appear on mahjong tile sets, where mei (Chinese: 梅; pinyin: mÃ©i)

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.88789
Retrieved Text: Many of the early bulbs. Between now and mid march you should be able to see Daphne, Hamamelis mollis, Viburnum bodnantense, etc, many of these spring shrubs have a rich scent. Don't forget the beautiful winter stems such as cornus, Rubus and Betula.
We were there mid-April last year, and had already missed the huge flush of tulips, daffodils, and early flowers, but there were tons of shrubs, trees, fruit trees, and flowers in bloom, many I can't name because they don't grow in the desert, where I live. I had only been there in September before, which was lovely, but the spring bloom was amazing! It was also lambing season --one of our greatest pleasures there was sitting with a cool drink, on a warm day, on a stone wall at the edge of the gardens, watching the Lambs frolicking. it was sublime! We had clear weather for the 2 weeks we were in the area, so we probably saw the gardens at their best.
Sorry we have not been there in March. I think you will see spring bulbs in flower and some of the blossom appearing on trees.
I haven't been there in the Spring but I would guess spring bulbs & flowering shrubs. I would try ringing the gardens nearer to the time as our weather is so variable & check what is likely to be at thier best at that time this year.
Spring bulbs, limited amount of spring flowering trees, possibly some growth in the greenhouse, and the emerging green structure of the full

================



======= Instance Index 61 =========
Input Text: Some areas are known for experiencing all four seasons, and winter is one of those seasons. During said season, one may partake in activities such as

Which is the correct answer?
- swimming
- leaf peeping
- sledding
- surfing

Target Text: sledding

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.516388
Retrieved Text: Challenging seasonal conditions during winter and spring have been affirmed after South Australia’s 2018-19 grain harvest fell to an estimated 4.9 million tonnes with harvest now underway. The latest crop and pasture report from Primary Industries and Regions SA (PIRSA), released last week, reflects spring crop performance which was quite varied with several districts in the state experiencing drought. The 4.9 million tonne estimate grown from 3.5 million hectares comes in below South Australia’s long-term average of 7.5 million tonnes. Despite the below average harvest, the farmgate value of the state’s crop is estimated to hold up at $1.7 billion on the back of higher grain and fodder prices this season. In the Fleurieu crops are rapidly maturing and in areas with minimal to no soil moisture, crops are haying-off with little grain formed. There has reportedly been minor frost damage to crops and grain yields will be significantly below average, possibly up to 50 per cent. Livestock are average to below average in condition. Minister for Primary Industries and Regional Development Tim Whetstone said rainfall this growing season was below average across most of the state, with significant areas drought affected. “This year we’re experiencing quite a patchy situation – some areas are experiencing very good seasons while others are experiencing very difficult seasons,” said Minister Whetstone. “Most districts received very much below average rainfall in September. “Several strong winds and some widespread frosts occurred in late September and early October. “The widespread frosts damaged grain crops at their most vulnerable flowering to early grain

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.896088
Retrieved Text: A dusting of snow in the mountains last weekend coincided fittingly with the release of Sun Valley’s 2002-2003 lift ticket rates, which are continuing to march to the beat of inflation.
This winter, season passes will cost $1,795, $45 more than last winter, and full-day, peak-season lift tickets will cost $65, $2 more than last year.
Last year’s new and more affordable alternative, the 20/20 pass, which offers 20 days of skiing during the winter peak season and 20 days during the early and late off-seasons, will cost $795, $100 more than last year, which is a 12.6 percent jump.
However, those who purchase season passes or 20/20 passes before Oct. 20 will receive $100 discounts.
Despite the big increase, the 20/20 is a remarkably good deal compared with Sun Valley’s other offerings. For someone skiing 40 days at $795, the per-day price is $19.88. That price drops to $17.38 per day if a 20/20 is purchased prior to Oct. 20.
With a full-priced season pass, a person must ski 100 days to bring the per-day cost down to $17.95.
But Sun Valley marketing and public relations manager Jack Sibbach pointed out that many season pass holders are actually paying for the flexibility a season pass offers.
"It’s just as much the convenience as it is the skier days for most people," he said. "One person skied last year every single day. Some season pass people go up there 20 or 30 days. Some people go up for an hour or two over lunchtime. I think a real selling point is the convenience."
But,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.916344
Retrieved Text: As if it weren’t sufficiently challenging to face the holiday season after the loss of a loved one, changing seasons can create, contribute to or deepen feelings of depression in 20 percent of people (Mayo Clinic, 2017).
In the winter months, shorter days mean less daylight, while colder temperatures mean limited time spent outdoors. The resulting drop in exposure to vitamin D (which our bodies absorb from sunlight) can contribute to a condition known as Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD).
According to the Mayo Clinic, reduced exposure to vitamin D can lower the amount of serotonin (a chemical that strongly influences mood) produced by the brain. As a result, many people feel depressed, tired or otherwise “different” in the winter months.
For those struggling with the death of a loved one, SAD can intensify the feelings of depression they’re already experiencing as a normal side effect of grief. It may also negatively affect those in caretaker roles or struggling with illness themselves.
In addition to the drop in serotonin caused by lack of exposure to sunlight, SAD can be intensified by environmental factors. For example, being cooped up in the house on a dreary day or unable to get outside and exercise limits participation in activities that might bring relief or joy during warmer weather.
Luckily, there are several things you can do to alleviate SAD. Taking a vitamin D supplement, spending more time outside (despite the cold!), buying a light therapy lamp or exercising indoors are all potential ways to alleviate some effects of SAD. For those with more severe SAD,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.221806
Retrieved Text: I recently found a beautiful song while listening to some music on YouTube, called Seasons Change, by United Pursuit, feat Michael Ketterer. It made me think about the different seasons we experience in the different phases of our lives.
I recently found a beautiful song while listening to some music on YouTube, called Seasons Change, by United Pursuit, feat Michael Ketterer. It made me think about the different seasons we experience in the different phases of our lives. So, I wanted to share a post about it with links to helpful DailyPS posts on those topics.
Is described as a season of dormancy, and when the land is resting. Are there areas in your life perhaps, where you are experiencing dormancy or rest? Maybe it’s getting a bit boring, waiting for something to happen? Are you waiting for a change? Perhaps, like me, you want to try to make things happen? It’s like tilling/working the ground during winter- useless, pointless and tiring.
Maybe you should cease from working, and instead spend time resting, as this is a season of rest for you.
If you read my previous post, about the benefits of proper rest, it would be a good reminder as to why we have the winter-periods of our lives, and why even these times are so crucial for us and our growth.
Summer has longer days and shorter nights. It’s the hottest time of the year. It is generally a time of activity and busyness.
Are we being busy, just doing ‘stuff,’ or are we being fruitful in what we are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.541496
Retrieved Text: The monsoon climate also influences to the changes of the tropical humidity. In general, in Vietnam there are two seasons, the cold season occurs from November to April and the hot season from May to October. The difference in temperature between the two seasons in southern is almost unnoticeable, averaging 3ºC. The most noticeable variations are found in the northern where differences of 12ºC have been observed. There are essentially four distinct seasons, which are most evident in the northern provinces(from Hai Van Pass toward to the north): Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter.
Because Vietnam is affected by the monsoon, that why the average temperature is lower than the other countries which are located in the same longitude in Asia. The annual average temperatures range from 22oC to 27oC. In comparing with these countries, the temperature in winter is colder and in summer is less hotter in Vietnam.
Under influence of monsoon, and further because of the complicated topography, the climate in Vietnam always changes in one year, between the years, or between the areas (from North to South and from low to high). The climate in Vietnam is also under disadvantage of weather, such as typhoons (advantage there are 6-10 storms and tropical low atmosphere in year, floods and droughts are threaten the life and the agriculture of Vietnam).
In Hanoi there are four distinct seasons: Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter. But it is able to be divided into two main seasons: the rainy season from May to September (it’s hot, heavy rain), and the dry season from

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.315456
Retrieved Text: In 1723, Antonio Vivaldi, the famous Italian composer, wrote his most well-known work: The Four Seasons. It is a group of four violin concertos, each conveying specific feelings of each of the four seasons through music.
At its time, it was a groundbreaking piece, since it had accompanying sonnets to point out what feeling s were meant to be evoked; the first example of what then came to be known as program music, music with an overarching theme.
Movements of The Four Seasons have been used in countless movies and games. High 5 Games has created an virtual slot machine adaptation of Vivaldi’s Seasons, featuring the music and gorgeous visuals, including a female anthropomorphic representation of each Season.
High 5 Games is a company founded in 1995, over twenty years ago. They develop games for the three main markets in gambling nowadays: land-based (your regular brick and mortar casinos), online and mobile.
Their first video slot was released in 1997, and since they have produced over 300 titles, including great hits such as Golden Godess, Secrets of the Forest, Noah’s Ark, and Black Widow. In sum, High 5 Games is a well-established company with amazing quality productions.
This game has a 5 by 3 set of reels, and 40 pay lines. The game’s user interface is situated all along the bottom of the screen, with your usual UI elements like spin and auto play buttons, settings for pay lines being betted on, line bet, and so forth.
Depending on the specific casino on which you’ll be playing, these may vary a little,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.602573
Retrieved Text: Lake Como is well known for its microclimate characterized by moderate temperatures through out the year. If surrounding areas are cold, Lake Como will be warmer. If surrounding areas are hot, Lake Como will be cooler. This is not to say that one will not find very hot days in summer and perhaps quite cold days in the winter, but you can be sure that if it is hot in Lake Como, it is unbearable in Milan, only a hundred or so kilometers away. Like all of Lake Como, Griante enjoys four distinct seasons, each with its own unique visiting opportunities.
Explore the information we provide about all of the seasons in Griante and Lake Como. Discover what season is best for you, or learn about what you can expect and what you should bring if you've already decided on a time of year to visit.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.429058
Retrieved Text: The coldest air of the season will soon smack the Midwest and East Coast, dramatically dropping temperatures and rudely establishing that winter is here. The Arctic chill will arrive between Dec. 8 and 11, and could persist in some areas straight through Christmas.
Given such an abrupt shift in weather, especially since the fall was much milder-than-average across the country, one might think that it’s going to be easier to get sick as soon as the cold air hits. Many people think that they’re more susceptible to the common cold or the flu during periods of shifting weather conditions.
However, experts say this is probably not the case — or at least, it’s difficult to prove.
“I don’t think there is data to answer that question definitively,” said Larry Kociolek, a specialist in pediatric infectious diseases at Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago, in an interview.
Weather is notoriously fickle from week to week, so it’s challenging for researchers to identify how specific shifts in weather might increase the risk of catching an illness. “It difficult to tease that out,” said Kociolek, who is also the hospital’s epidemiologist.
But, there is evidence that winter weather, and the long winter season itself, can make it easier to catch either a common cold or the flu. There’s not one reason why, but rather a mix of factors.
An 2009 image of a collection of the influenza A H1N1 viruses.
“I think it’s a combo of increased transmission with people hanging out more, the fact that these viruses are more common in winter,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.17217
Retrieved Text: BECKLEY, W.Va. — The early black bear hunting seasons for 2018 are complete and indications are the number of bears killed in those seasons remained fairly steady in West Virginia.
West Virginia Division of Natural Resources Bear Project Leader Colin Carpenter revealed the numbers on last Saturday’s West Virginia Outdoors. Hunters in Mingo, Logan, Wyoming, and McDowell Counties in the earliest season killed 110 bears. A seven day early season in the traditional mountain counties resulted in 310 bears killed, which was down from last year, but according to Carpenter still within the range of the normal numbers taken there. The final early season was in Boone, Fayette, Raleigh, and Kanawha Counties. Hunters in those four counties killed just under 80 bears–which is within ten of the number killed in 2017.
“The harvest has been staying pretty stable in the early season,” Carpenter said.
Originally the early seasons were created for a couple of reasons. First, to hopefully reduce the number of black bears in those areas where they’ve grown beyond what is considered the proper number and second to give bear hunters additional hunting opportunities. By staging the hunts in September and early October biologist say they have insured at least some of those bears killed are females, which will stem the population growth.
The biggest drawback is the temperature. The first season, held over Labor Day weekend, had hunters and their dogs coping with triple digit heat. but Carpenter said evidently it didn’t deter anyone.
Still, hunters had to take precautions to protect their prized hounds.
Still sportsmen have responded

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.754448
Retrieved Text: This year also, we celebrated Durga Puja (19-23 October 2015) in Timarpur. While walking to the pandal and back to the guest house, I took some random shots of the surrounding greenery with my mobile phone. I was very happy with the results. Just take a look. They are given below.
Timarpur is the oldest government residential colony in Delhi. It was established in the pre-independence era. Unlike other government colonies, most of the area remains untouched and undeveloped since it was first established. That’s why it seems to have an old world charm. Most people who live here are either tenants or the original allotees of the government flats.
With lots of wide, open streets, rich greenery, tall trees as old as the colony itself, the place gives you the feel of a fairy tale with all the elements of good and evil. There are, of course, a few patches of slum areas and the usual traffic. But the noise and pollution level seem to be comparatively less and there seems to be a general sense of all-pervasive peace and calmness.
We lived as tenants in Timarpur for 2 years till 1994, but we keep returning to Timarpur every year during Puja. My family members were government servants and were one of the earliest residents of Timarpur who played a prominent role in helping the Puja continue year after year. Our family tradition is still continuing till date and by the grace of Ma Durga, we always manage to find accommodation somehow near the pandal during those 5

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.70989
Retrieved Text: Though each of the countries in Central America has a unique high and low season, all the countries follow a similar pattern of attracting the most visitors either during the winter months, school vacations, holidays, or some combination of the three. While regional temperatures stay pleasant year-round, visitors should factor in rainy seasons (usually in late summer or early fall), and along the Caribbean seaboard, hurricane season.
Easter and Christmas are also peak times.
Central America generally has a warm, tropical climate. In most areas, temperatures fall between 60 and 90 degrees year-round. Higher elevations tend to experience colder temperatures. Land along the Caribbean Sea is susceptible to hurricanes during the June to November season, primarily during October and November. Most countries in Central America experience a rainy season during summer or fall.
Crowds are an issue during the winter months, school vacation periods, and holidays such as Christmas and Easter.
Tourism services and venues remain open year-round. However, some hotels may shut down or offer a limited number of rooms while making renovations during the low season.
During low seasons, travel providers sometimes offer discounts or sale rates. For some destinations, spring offers lower rates, pleasant weather, and smaller crowds.
Book according to the season and relative popularity of the destination. Book in-demand destinations during high season up to six months in advance. For low season or in less crowded areas, it may be possible to book one month in advance or at the last-minute.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.59371
Retrieved Text: About Tarragon Four Seasons: This is not actually a true Tarragon. However it’s a great alternative for use in cooking and has some benefits over French Tarragon. Four Seasons is a stronger growing plant than the true French Tarragon. It also has a tendency to produce a much more bushy plant with more leaves making it ideal if you use a lot. It’s quite common for people to have issues growing French Tarragon especially over the Winter, Four Seasons is slightly easier to grow so is a good alternative. As with true Tarragon you use the leaves, while this is not a hardy plant, with some protection or grown inside it will make it through the Winter. Four Seasons doesn’t go into dormancy over the Winter so you’ll not be without your Tarragon hit during the colder months. The plant itself will grow to around 60cm in height and spread to around 30cm. It’s a good choice in a pot where you can grow it on a sunny patio or just outside the kitchen door. When planting, make sure you add some bark, perlite or gravel to add drainage. Tarragon is one of the most popular of all herbs and can be tricky to grow so why not try this easier Four Season Tarragon.
Grows to a height of between 70-80cm and spreads to about 30cm.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.482243
Retrieved Text: Take the opportunity to renew your home as a new season comes by and changes nature's shapes and colors. In our wall murals with seasons motifs, the intense color and high quality is in focus. We have many different wall murals on the four seasons with strong and powerful shades. Wallpaper with one of the four seasons will fit perfectly in the comfortable living room as well as in the narrow hallway or the playful kid's room. Which season is your favorite?
All seasons have their accent colors – green, blue, orange and white. Maybe you love to follow nature's process in the spring when plants go from having a bare branch, and then to forming a small colorful bud and to finally blossoming into a delightful and fragrant flower. Perhaps you love to have the green grass between your toes in the summer, or when you can sit under a cozy blanket with a cup of hot chocolate in the autumn. Winter has its advantages with white skiing slopes that attract those who want to do something active outside during this season.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.460762
Retrieved Text: It’s that time of the year again. The fall sports are going out with a bang and the winter sports are getting ready to crush their upcoming seasons. This switch from fall to winter sports every year is a very exciting but also very rigorous time for athletes, coaches and the athletic department.
Students find themselves being thrust into a new sport or pushing through the final stretch of an old one or sometimes both. One student said that he finds it harder to finish work during a sports season, but other students find that they actually finish more work when they participate in a sport. In fact many studies show that participating in a sports team may lead to better academic performance for many students.
This transition is also very tough on the entire athletic department because winter sports need to lurch into action while fall sports are still finishing the most important part of their respective seasons. On top of all of that, the dome goes up during this jarring transition- making the switch even more difficult because it adds responsibility for the athletic department both during the process of putting the dome up and after the dome is up.
Mr. Johns, the athletic director, said it is “the most complicated switch” and that’s putting it lightly. The athletics department has always worked very hard to ensure that PA athletes have a good experience.
The fall sports all had exceptional seasons even if they didn’t perform as well as they may have hoped. As Mr. Johns said in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.95475
Retrieved Text: Four Seasons Heating, Air Conditioning, and Plumbing has the HVAC pro you need to repair the leaks in your air conditioning system and bring cool comfort to your home during the blistering summer months here in Chicago.
Attention Homeowners: Yearly Maintenance Reminder!
When you consider all of these points, it is easy to see why maintenance is essential to proper furnace function. So, contact your local HVAC professional today and schedule your maintenance check before the winter is knocking down your door.
Protect your HVAC system from water damage! Water damage messes are the worst and most inconvenient disasters to clean up after, but you can prevent them from ever occurring when you take advantage of Four Seasons’ air conditioner and sump pump maintenance services.
You cannot control when a plumbing emergency will occur and unlike a furnace breakdown, the majority of plumbing problems make a huge mess and can cause extensive damage to the home if not repaired promptly. Four Seasons Heating and Air Conditioning and Four Seasons Home Services have a plumber on call whenever you may need a hand.
For those that neglect to prevent malfunctions, Four Seasons can still lend a hand if something does happen to go wrong during the season. By keeping Four Seasons’ phone number handy all through the winter, you will have 24 hour furnace and boiler repair service at your beck and call. No matter the day and no matter the time, Four Seasons is there to get your heating system back up and running.
You would do better to trust a professional

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.73927
Retrieved Text: In the UK we are blessed by having four distinctive seasons in the year, and in each we can see God’s hand at work. The autumn this year produced some glorious colours, as the leaves on the trees took several weeks to turn from green to different shades of red and gold. Recently we have had some beautiful frosty mornings, with the trees and the grass turning white and feather like. However, winter can seem like a dead time, as if nothing is happening in the natural world. There is no visible growth on the trees and everything seems to be static. However, even during the winter time preparation is taking place for the bursting forth that will come with spring.
Sometimes in our lives it can seem as if we are in “winter” season. There appears to be nothing happening and no visible fruit in our lives. However, during those times it may be that God is using the rest period to prepare us for the next season of fruitfulness. He may be pruning us and cleaning us up (John 15:1-2), so that we can be even more fruitful.
In our garden over the past few weeks I have been tidying up and cutting back the plants so that they will be even stronger in the next season. It is not a very exciting job, and there is not much to show for my labours now, but next spring and summer the benefits will be seen.
Similarly, in the fields around our home the farmers have been ploughing

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.484856
Retrieved Text: Spring is one of the four conventional temperate seasons, following winter and preceding summer.
There are various technical definitions of spring, but local usage of the term varies according to local climate, cultures and customs.
At the spring equinox, days are approximately 12 hours long with day length increasing as the season progresses.
Subtropical and tropical areas have climates better described in terms of other seasons, e.g. dry or wet, monsoonal or cyclonic.
Often, cultures have locally defined names for seasons which have little equivalence to the terms originating in Europe.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.482735
Retrieved Text: Home > Dress > Claire Pettibone Four Seasons Wedding Dress Collection: Winter!
Incredible. That’s what goes through my mind every single time I see a new Claire Pettibone wedding gown collection. Her attention to detail and the beautiful lace she uses in creating these utterly mesmerising gowns is impeccable.
The latest collection, inspired by all four seasons will leave you totally breathless too. Today we share ‘Winter’ and we are spellbound!
I had this idea for a collection inspired by the four seasons some time ago, and this fall, it all came together. Creating four looks to epitomise the season they represent, while maintaining the versatility to be worn by brides for any time of year, was a really interesting project.
I was able to immerse myself in the beauty of nature and delve into the variety of colour, texture, and motifs that have been painted by artists, sung and written about, and even worshipped, over the history of mankind. Honestly, this has been one of my favourite collections to design.
I love that each season has a very defined mood, although I believe a dress from spring could certainly be worn for a fall wedding, and a winter gown could be perfect for a summer soiree.
I present this collection as an inspirational starting point and leave it to the creativity and individual personalities of my brides to make these dresses their own.
A time of quiet reflection, snow dusted on winter’s branches, and a touch of sparkle create the magic of Winter. Elaborate embroideries, layers of lace and tulle, and the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.201904
Retrieved Text: If you are planning a trip to Australia for the first time, you need to know that Australia is located in the Southern Hemisphere, so seasons are the opposite of countries such as the United States, United Kingdom and Canada.
This means, June through August are the winter months in Australia, while December through February are the summer months in Australia. Australia is traditionally known as a country of harsh hot weather, though in reality Australia has four distinctive seasons like much of the world. No matter when you plan to travel, Australia is a great place to visit all year-round.
If you are an outdoor enthusiast, and would like to get up to activities such as whale watching, hiking, swimming, snorkeling and winery tours, Geraldton WA is one of the best vacation spots in Australia to for this.
Cairns Queensland is another great destination for outdoor enthusiasts and beach goers, but if you want to avoid the rainy season, travel between June and August.
Diving and snorkeling are especially popular pursuits as the port city of Cairns Queensland is within a short boast ride from Fitzroy Island and the Low Isles.
Adelaide is another excellent beach vacation in Australia where you can enjoy a myriad of water activities and whale watching opportunities.
Apart from fun activities, Adelaide South Australia is known for its festivals and events such as the Adelaide V8 Supercar and Horse Racing Carnival.
Perth WA is known as the home to the popular Red Bull Air Race event and the Joondalup Carnival which features flamboyant street parades.
Perth WA offers

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.105003
Retrieved Text: FOUR SEASONS, FOUR MILES - This is a virtual race!
We love to celebrate the seasons! To do this, we are hosting our second annual Four Seasons, Four Miles series. Each season, we challenge you to run (or walk) four miles to celebrate the current season. We are beginning with Spring and ending with Winter! Each medal will ship just before each season starts. So Spring medals will begin shipping at the end of February.
Along with celebrating the SEASONS, we will also be donating at least 15% of each registration to Soles 4 Souls. Since 2006 Soles4Souls has collected and distributed 26 million pairs of shoes to those in need in 127 countries around the world and all 50 states in the U.S.
What: This is a 4 mile virtual run (or walk) to celebrate the seasons for 2019.
When: Complete your SPRING race between March 21 and June 20th, SUMMER between June 21 and September 20th, AUTUMN between September 21 and December 20 and WINTER anytime after December 21, 2019!
*SPRING medals will begin to ship out at the end of February. After that they will ship out within 2 to 5 days of signing up. SUMMER will begin to ship at the end of May, AUTUMN will begin to ship at the end of August and WINTER will begin to ship at the end of December.
Why: This is our way of celebrating the changing of the seasons and to raise fundsSoles 4 Souls.
COST: $76, which includes all four season medals, bibs and shipping. Each season will ship out

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.03513
Retrieved Text: Skip Prosser, who led Wake Forest to its first basketball top ranking three seasons ago, died Thursday, the university said. He was 56.
The Wake Forest athletics Web site said Prosser was found unresponsive in his office by a staff member around 12:45 p.m. after returning from a jog on the Kentner Stadium Track at the school.
According to the Web site, Prosser was transported to Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center where he was pronounced dead at 1:41 p.m.
"We are profoundly and deeply saddened by the sudden, untimely death of Coach Prosser," Wake Forest athletic director Ron Wellman said in a statement on the Web site. "Coach Prosser was one of the finest individuals I have known in my life, and he has left a lasting impression on the lives of many throughout the Wake Forest community."
South Carolina coach Dave Odom was among those touched deeply by the loss.
"I've lost a really good friend," Odom said.
The relationship between the coaches grew after Odom left the Demon Deacons for South Carolina and Prosser was hired as his replacement.
"If either of us would go through some bad stretches," Odom said, "I'd call him or he'd call me to say, 'Hey, keep your head up. Things will get better.'"
The two had shared a meal Wednesday at the AAU National Championships in Orlando, Fla.
"We talked about family, Wake Forest and basketball," Odom recalled.
"I was so glad I had that chance (to bond with Prosser)."
Prosser spent six seasons with the Deacons, winning an Atlantic Coast Conference regular-season title in 2003 and reaching

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.920326
Retrieved Text: The week is finally over and the crazy cold has gone. It’s 28F/-2C. I’m no meteorologist, but that sounds pretty average to me. All the cold just affirms to me I’m where I should be. I could probably live happily anywhere north of the Mason-Dixon and east of the Mississippi.
If you live in a place like mine, you know. There are extremes in the heights of each season. Each season does what it’s supposed to do and lovers of four-season weather enjoy it for what it is — another passing phase. For people who are truly happy in four seasons, there’s a mentality of adaptability that may well translate outside our ever-changing landscape. Four-season people know how to take the bad with the good, as it seems a small price to pay for snow, but also tulips and tomatoes, and Lord Almighty, have you seen the fall on this place?!?
For other people, not so much. For me, crucial to my well-being. Feast yo eyes.
This entry was posted in Personally and tagged lifestyle, nature, SOCS. Bookmark the permalink.
I’m glad the weather is improving – if only a bit. We have two seasons – green and brown. Green is definitely my favorite.
for you it was Georgia and for me it was Florida – and like you, I need “real” sweater weather and snow and cold and ice and deep freezes….
Also, in your post, I really love how you covered the topic of seasons in thought and in photos.
Thanks so much! And thanks for the lovely photo comments as

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.89453
Retrieved Text: One beneficiary of expanded playoffs that are expected to start as early as next year could be Jesuit, which usually is ranked among the top teams in the nation during the fall and has won a section-best 11 boys titles under coach Paul Rose, California’s all-time wins leader.
It would be exciting because we can see the best and how our programs stack up. (Our region does) pretty well in football at the state level, and I feel we could do real well in soccer, too.
But Rose has given playing in the winter a lukewarm reception.
The CIF’s official season for boys and girls soccer traditionally has been the start of November through February, and Southern California has held regional boys and girls championships in early March for years.
But after years of failed proposals, the Sac-Joaquin Section board of managers voted 31-23 in 2015 to join most California schools in playing during the winter. Though area coaches and athletic directors have had 18 months to prepare for the move, the change has been met with mixed reviews after seven weeks.
I much prefer playing in the fall. Maybe if we get a chance to have that (NorCal) playoff experience, then I might think it’s worth it, but right now I would rather just play in the fall and my section. Playing conditions are better, and 85 percent of the schools in the country play in the fall.
▪ It reduces conflicts with club soccer and physical wear and tear on athletes, especially girls.
▪ It better balances the seasons for the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.853817
Retrieved Text: With the sun-drenched summer season fast approaching, it is an excellent time to remind law firms across the country that the many seasons of the year present opportunities for content development and gaining legal blog (blawg) readership. Writing relevant, timely content is one of the most important things an attorney can do to create a more personal experience for website visitors and to connect with their target audience; therefore, crafting seasonal-related content can certainly increase website and blawg traffic as web users often search for various safety and prevention tips that directly correlate with a current or approaching season, holiday, or event.
The following are four tips for law firms to leverage the seasons throughout the year from winter to summer and everything in between, and also create seasonal specific content to gain readership.
Identify opportunities and trends. First, recognize seasons, events, and trends when creating content. For example, if you are a personal injury attorney, Christmas may call for a blawg topic related to “winter home safety” or “children’s toy recalls”, and summer may warrant a blawg on “swimming pool accident prevention” or “safe boating tips”. The key is to identify what holidays or seasons your target audience may be searching for, and write blawgs accordingly.
Organize your seasonal guide. Now that you have a list of seasons, holidays, and events you’d like to target, organize! You may also want to look into awareness days, weeks, and months as other areas that your content can focus on. Put the information onto a calendar for the year, and even

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.82107
Retrieved Text: Hello everyone. As many of you know, we are based in Pennsylvania and many of our users are in PA.
The Board of Game Commissioners gave preliminary approval to a slate of deer seasons for 2012-13 that retains the split, five-day antlered deer season (Nov. 26-30) and seven-day concurrent season (Dec. 1-8) in 11 Wildlife Management Units.
The Key two points for me that were new for 2011 and kept for 2012-13 relate the 3-up rule, which I like. The other is the split of the Doe Season from Buck season for certain WMUs. I am not a fan of this for the 2A WMU. What do you think?
HARRISBURG – The Pennsylvania Board of Game Commissioners today gave preliminary approval to hunting and trapping seasons and bag limits for 2012-13, including a move to allow Mentored Youth Hunting Program participants to take part in fall turkey seasons.
The public may offer comments on all proposed 2012-13 seasons and bag limits, as well as other Board actions, between now and the Board’s next meeting, April 23-24, at which time the Board is scheduled to finalize seasons and bag limits for 2012-13.
Also, the Board will receive staff recommendations for antlerless deer license allocations for the 22 WMUs at its April meeting. Deer harvest estimates for the 2011-12 seasons will be available in mid-March.
The Board of Game Commissioners gave preliminary approval to a slate of deer seasons for 2012-13 that retains the split, five-day antlered deer season (Nov. 26-30) and seven-day concurrent season (Dec. 1-8) in 11 Wildlife Management Units. The list

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.73639
Retrieved Text: Com. Big Brother Australia 2012 was the ninth season of the Australian reality television series, also known as Big Brother 9 Big Brother. It was the first to air on the Nine Network who signed a deal with Southern Star Group in September 2011 to broadcast the show. . Ten new Housemates entered the Big Brother House during Launch Night on the 2012 series of Big Brother Australia.
Big Brother which began in the summer of 2000, has become an annual tradition for fans; every summer (with the exception of the 2008 winter edition) viewers are treated to new HouseGuests new . Big brother australia 2012 full episode 33.
Use the form below to send us your comments. Four males entered the house the next day, totalling 14 Housemates.
Recently aired TV Episodes on Next Episode. If you are experiencing problems, please describe them. Track organize your TV shows Movies. 0 of 1 people found this review helpful.
. . Big Brother (Australia) season 1 episode guide on TV. 30pm on Channel 9!
I highly recommend to any fan of other BB series to go to you tube and watch Big Brother Australia. Watch all 59 Big Brother (Australia) episodes from season 1 get episode information ,view pictures more. . .
We're making a song and dance about Big Brother Australia's Grand Finale; TONIGHT 8. The season began with a pre-recorded launch show on 13 August 2012. Big brother australia 2012 full episode 33. True Crime Daily 7 926 044 views.
. . My favorite seasons were 2004 2013. My favorite seasons were

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.63282
Retrieved Text: Antonio Lucio Vivaldi (4 March 1678 – 28 July 1741) was an Italian Baroque musical composer, virtuoso violinist, teacher, and priest. Born in Venice, the capital of the Venetian Republic, he is regarded as one of the greatest Baroque composers, and his influence during his lifetime was widespread across Europe. He composed many instrumental concertos, for the violin and a variety of other instruments, as well as sacred choral works and more than forty operas. His best-known work is a series of violin concertos known as the Four Seasons.
Many of his compositions were written for the all-female music ensemble of the Ospedale della Pietà, a home for abandoned children. Vivaldi had worked there as a Catholic priest for 1 1/2 years and was employed there from 1703 to 1715 and from 1723 to 1740. Vivaldi also had some success with expensive stagings of his operas in Venice, Mantua and Vienna. After meeting the Emperor Charles VI, Vivaldi moved to Vienna, hoping for royal support. However, the Emperor died soon after Vivaldi's arrival, and Vivaldi himself died, in poverty, less than a year later.
Building a Library surveys available recordings of Vivaldi's La Stravaganza.
Accordion player Martynas Levickis performs the first movement, "Winter", of Vivaldi's Concerto in F minor, Op 8 No 4.
Donald Macleod explores Vivaldi's large and little-heard musical catalogue.
David Vickers surveys recordings of operas by Vivaldi and makes a recommendation.
Listen to an excerpt from Vivaldi's The Four Seasons, performed by Nigel Kennedy.
As part of Baroque Spring, Radio 3's season celebrating Baroque music and culture, Donald Macleod explores

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.622112
Retrieved Text: Make no mistake; Michigan is not Palm Springs, nor is it South Florida. The sun most certainly does not shine all the time, and a good portion of our days are cold ones. To everything a season, and Michigan most definitely has all four.
It’s that 365 days-a-year spirit that the El Moore‘s Seasons is expected to bring to the residents as well as the local community once it is completed. A four-season, indoor/outdoor retail building that will be constructed along the northern end of the El Moore Gardens, the Seasons will service both the wider community and people attending events in the Gardens. With an entrance along 2nd Ave. and food vendor windows opening onto the Gardens, there will be a rotating assortment of local food vendors and retail options that will change with the seasons. Building construction is expected to begin later this year.
Occupants of the rooftop cabins and others occupying the higher floors in the El Moore will be treated to one of Detroit’s most attractive views of the city from on high. Watching Detroit from this vantage point and how it changes from spring to summer, then fall to winter, and then back again, will definitely offer a unique view of the Motor City.
Those of us who appreciate Michigan have long since learned how to appreciate – not simply endure – each of those seasons for what each of them has to offer. In Detroit, within walking distance of the El Moore, the Detroit Symphony Orchestra offers some of the finest musical offerings

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.592857
Retrieved Text: Hi <>, Happy New Walking Year!!
Hi <>. Happy New Walking Year To You. A little inspiration for winter walking this month and a request for your help on our new look.
Happy New Year To All Our 50 Plus Walking Friends.
Are you one of the fortunate walkers who get to enjoy the wondrous winter sights on your daily walks?
One thing for sure is that you are indeed the lucky ones who captures nature with her four seasons to remind us that there is a reason for the seasons.
Through the cold and the snow, there is a feeling of trust that a promise of a warmer season is just around the corner. For now, let's just enjoy the beauty of winter.
It is significant that many of us associate the holiday season with winter. That association immediately brings the feeling of warmth and love to many of us.
We grew up with the comfort and joy of the family togetherness at this time of the year. As you walk to your favourite spots in the new year, let's remember to be thankful for the many different opportunities that nature provides us.
And of course, keep fitness walking in mind, no matter where you walk.
May this new year bring you success in reaching your walking goals and result in a happier, healthier and fitter "you".
Tell us what you think of the new and modified 'look' you can see on our Home Page. Does the new look and feel work for you? Does it help you find what you're looking for?
Do the six

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.58215
Retrieved Text: If you’ve stopped off at this site, it means you are a hockey fan. That being the case, I hope you are enjoying the story being written by the NHL’s Vegas Golden Knights.
On May 28, the Golden Knights, who are finishing up their first season, will begin play in the best-of-seven Stanley Cup final.
We all know that the Toronto Maple Leafs haven’t won the Stanley Cup since 1967, and that the Columbus Blue Jackets, who have been with us since 2000-01, have yet to win a playoff series. We could go on and on, but you get the point.
Yes, this is quite a story. In fact, it just may be the greatest story in team sports in my lifetime.
I often wonder how many professional athletes haven’t been able to enjoy much in the way of success because they never were able to get themselves into the right place at the time. Now I wonder how much of the Golden Knights’ success is due to so many players being able to be in the right place at the right time.
And who is responsible for putting those players into this situation?
When the final chapter is written on the Golden Knights’ first season, there definitely will be a WHL slant to it. Yes, there are a number of men with WHL ties working off the ice with Vegas, mostly in areas of player personnel and scouting.
Kelly McCrimmon, executive vice-president and assistant GM — McCrimmon, 57, knows hockey and he knows business, that’s why he’s such a good fit with

================



======= Instance Index 100 =========
Input Text: A pelican is hungry, so decides to try to catch some fish. In order to do this, the pelican will

Which is the correct answer?
- use the back of its head
- use the bottom of its stomach
- use the front of its face
- use the back of its tail

Target Text: use the front of its face

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.144894
Retrieved Text: Everyone who has seen a pelican in action is amazed by its size, maneuverability, vision, courage, and gift as a fisherman. I mean, who can dive into the water headfirst from 40 feet in the air – with their mouth open – and catch a fish? Yet, even at rest, the pelican has an uncanny way about it that communicates tranquility, confidence, and satisfaction. The “personality” of the pelican has made it a symbol for everything to worldly success to tropical relaxation.
While this may set the pelican several bars above many other animals and birds, it hardly explains why the early Christians used the pelican as a symbol for Christ. Yes, its true. Though many contemporary Christians have never heard of this, the pelican was an important symbol for the love, sacrifice, power, and life delivered by our Savior, Jesus Christ.
the earth, the people of the Mediterranean had an incredible respect for the pelican. In fact, the pelican became a legendary figure. In times of famine, the pelican was known to tear at its own breast, draw blood, and feed its young in order that they may have life. Naturally, when these people received news that God, in His great love, had come into the world in human form, shedding His own blood to wash, adopt, and redeem us (Holy Baptism), and to FEED US (The Lord’s Supper) so that we may have forgiveness and life, they made a direct connection with what they already had seen in the pelican.
The symbol of the pelican feeding its

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.478554
Retrieved Text: Encourage and stimulate your infant's mind with this multiple-award-winning crib-side plush pelican! Hungry Pelican can hang from the crib, or be used as a separate toy to keep your child entertained. Children will love feeding the pelican with the 4 included plush sea creatures: a shrimp, octopus, crab and fish.
Winner of many prestigious awards including: Parenting Magazine's Toy of the Year Award, Parent's Choice Fun Stuff Award, Doctor Toy's Best Vacation Children's Product Award, and many more!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.143368
Retrieved Text: I made a quick round Friday Morning. The heavy rain forecast never materialized. Lots of pelicans at both rivers. Did not like what I saw below Kentucky Dam as a pelican was hung in fishing line again. This pelican in the third photo appeared to have had a fishing line cast over it. It did fly off with a sinker on its back and trailing line. My pics only good enough to see that. It happened fast and was not sure when I noticed the pelican sort of floundering, thought at first it was struggling to catch a sinking fish below it.Not sure if it had anything to do with the bird that had the fishing line and sinker but most all of the pelicans on that side of the river suddenly took to the air and left the river heading back up to the lake. It is possible I believe that the pelican could have been putting out some sort of distress signal.
It’s too bad to see pelicans and other birds all tangled in line. That’s one reason I don’t fish anymore. If someone did it on purpose then they shouldn’t even be out there.
Fantastic shot of the geese!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.747414
Retrieved Text: With no other soul on the ice, winter fishing diehard Don Cox of Mullen fishes at the Valentine National Wildlife Refuge’s Pelican Lake. He longs for the days at Pelican when he’s not the only one on the ice.
Don Cox of Mullen clearly remembers 28 years ago. He was at Pelican Lake on the Valentine National Wildlife Refuge ice-fishing with his brother-in-law, Dave Fehlhafer, near an angler they nicknamed Red Man. While Red Man was catching some of the largest bluegill Don has ever seen, Don and Dave weren’t doing so well, spending most of the time second-guessing their tackle and technique.
Nowadays, Don doesn’t do a lot of second-guessing. An ice-fishing diehard with a number of tournament wins and thousands of hours on the ice, he’s ready to adjust at a moment’s notice, yet patient with the process that has allowed him so much success thus far.
Yet he has one goal that still evades him – and it goes back to that stranger on the ice so many years ago on Pelican Lake. Soon, he thinks, he might just have a chance to achieve it.
On New Year’s Day in 1990 – several weeks before his first trip to Pelican – Don awoke to a bucket of fish on his front porch caught by brother-in-law Dave. Despite ice-fishing sparingly as a child with his father and great uncle, he found himself intrigued.
Don is all smiles while ice-fishing at Pelican Lake on the Valentine National Wildlife Refuge.
After a series of mishaps that included navigating one-way roads and disposing

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.28189
Retrieved Text: Wildlife photography from the kayak isn’t just a way to make up for the fish not biting. The Pelican The Catch 120 NXT is so stable that I’m thinking of bringing my DSLR and long lens out for some waterfowl and turtle photography.
Today I had the Nikon AW100 waterproof camera. It was windy and the waves were 6 – 12″ at times. Paddling directly into the wind was good exercise. Drifting back with the wind was almost trolling speed! With that kind of wind, even the amazing stability of the Pelican The Catch 120 NXT couldn’t provide a perfect platform for photography. I still managed to find some subjects like this shot showing the irony of the fake owl not scaring away the real Cormorant.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.843887
Retrieved Text: If I’ve heard one person recommend we visit Lucky Pelican Bistro, I’ve heard a dozen. But it wasn’t until local restaurateur Phil Mancini (of Michael’s on East fame) asked if we’d ever been that I knew we were missing out on something. When one restaurant owner recommends another establishment, that tells you something. First, Lucky Pelican must be good, and second, Phil Mancini is confident enough in his own restaurant’s success not to fret over the success of his competition. Class act!
So skip forward a month or two, and we get a call from recent real estate clients, (and now friends,) Bob and Cheryl Eby, who just finished renovating their new home in Lakewood Ranch. “Would you like to come by and see the house?” Cheryl asks. “Maybe go get a bite to eat afterwards?” Absolutely!
Bob and Cheryl are about our age, and recently moved here from Naples, where they felt the sidewalk rolled up at 9:00 every night. Naturally they wanted to go someplace lively and delicious. So, having been to the Lucky Pelican before, they were pleased when we suggested it. Fortunately, we missed the long waiting lines Lucky Pelican has become known for, by arriving after 7:30 on a “school night.” Not a bad idea if you want to get seated quickly. Weekend waits at Lucky Pelican can easily be over an hour during tourist season, with most folks arriving between 6 and 7pm. This night we were seated right away. Lucky us!
On the hot side of the appetizer side, there is a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.68968
Retrieved Text: Recently captured juvenile pelicans wait in a warm room for their intake examination.
The folks at Bird Ally X really like Jim Moore. The retired wildlife biologist knows animals, and he's always willing to help. Also, he has a van. A big van -- the better to transport sick pelicans with. And lately he's been doing a lot of that. So much that the stubborn stench of smelt will not leave the van's interior. His copper-colored Honda Odyssey has become a pelican ambulance.
Since last Monday, Moore has captured close to 50 ailing brown pelicans from Trinidad and Crescent City and delivered them to the Humboldt Wildlife Care Center in Bayside, where volunteers are working to rehabilitate the birds. By the end of this Monday, the care center had admitted 130 juvenile brown pelicans for treatment and was quickly approaching capacity.
It's déjà rescue for Bird Ally X. Last year the organization rescued more than 50 juvenile pelicans from Shelter Cove, Humboldt Bay and Crescent City. Most of those birds had been contaminated with fish oil. Others had large fish skeletons stuck in their throats.
The main problem -- then and now -- is open fish-waste bins near cleaning stations, which offer easy but dangerous buffets for the young pelicans. They become dependent on this easy food source, and the fish oil compromises the natural waterproof quality of their feathers, making them vulnerable to hypothermia. Without help, oil-drenched pelicans will die of exposure and starvation.
"The frustrating thing is that this is entirely preventable and easy to fix," said Bird Ally

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.666534
Retrieved Text: When he noticed this poor bird had fishing wire tied around its beak, this man had to do something about it.
One man just proved that anyone can be a hero. The anonymous man decided to catch a poor pelican when he noticed it was in pain. He later proceeded to save its life by removing the wire entangled in the bird’s beak.
The man is shown cautiously approaching the pelican from behind. The bird is unaware of his intentions but is clearly in distress because of its beak. With one quick move, the man stepped in and caught the pelican by one of its legs.
This man is about to save this poor pelican.
The struggling bird was evidently worried. However, the man acted quickly, tucking its wings under his legs. Another man approached with a small knife and began cutting at the fishing wire that has been wrapped around the bird’s beak.
The two men worked quickly and soon the bird was able to open its beak again. However, the man who caught it wasn’t satisfied. He inspected the pelican’s beak and carefully removed more wire and even a fish hook from the bird.
Finally, it was time to let the bird go. The spectators were instructed to move back to give the pelican some space. The bird immediately hopped away and flew off to grab its first meal after a long time.
These anonymous men are truly great heroes.
People were undoubtedly in awe of the man’s quick action. Several comments thanked the two men for helping the bird.
“Thank you, kind

########
Rank: 8
Score: 45.29006
Retrieved Text: This once-endangered water bird is now the comeback kid.
Around the world, people have associated the pelican with themes of self-sacrifice and rebirth. In Indian folklore, a pelican killed its young, but out of contrition resurrected it. In medieval times, pelicans represented the passion and self-sacrifice of Christ, perhaps because they press their long bill onto their chest when feeding their young, so it appears they are stabbing themselves.
The brown pelican, the smallest of the world’s seven pelican species, made its own triumphant resurrection from near-extinction, thanks to the hard work of many people and groups, including the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department. Late last year, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) announced that the brown pelican has recovered from its status as a federally endangered species.
A trip to the coast seems incomplete without these large, fish-eating seabirds, soaring high or dive-bombing the sea to catch fish using their keen eyesight. But for many decades, they declined to the point where they nearly disappeared from the world’s collective ark of species. Before pelicans received protection from the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 and later the Endangered Species Act, fishermen killed them, concerned about the birds’ appetite for fish. Scientific studies later showed that the birds had no significant effect on fishing catches. During the early 1900s, hunters killed brown pelicans to sell their feathers for women’s elaborately plumed hats.
We can thank pelicans for the creation of the National Wildlife Refuge System. German immigrant Paul Kroegel, who arrived in Florida in 1881, tried to stop the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.24201
Retrieved Text: American White Pelicans showing their black wing tips. Photo courtesy of the US Fish and Wildlife Service.
American White Pelicans are big water birds with black wing tips and a very large bill with a pouch. During breeding season, the top of the bill sports a flat growth of the same orange color as the bill. American White Pelicans have a wingspan of 9 feet and stand about 4 feet tall. There are 7 species of Pelican world-wide and only two in the United States. Both American White Pelicans and Brown Pelicans are are found in Orange County, California. Both visit in the Fall and Winter.
American White Pelican at Carr Park in Huntington Beach.
American White Pelicans and Brown Pelicans are from the same family and look similar, but are very different in behavior and habitat. The smaller Brown Pelican has only a 6.5 foot wingspan. They do come together at Bolsa Chica and a few other places, but by and large you find Brown Pelicans in salt water, coastal environments and American White Pelicans in fresh water environments.
Fishing in a group. Photo courtesy of the US Fish and Wildlife Service.
Although both eat fish, the fish in a completely different way. Brown Pelicans dive into the water, and American White Pelicans swim in unison until they find fish, herd them into a corner, and then all the pelicans stick their heads in the water at the same time. It is like synchronized swimming. I have seen a group of more than 50 individuals fish together like this. Believe

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.228924
Retrieved Text: If you’re looking for luxury and would love to see the clearest ocean views when waking up every morning, then you should contact Sam Realty to help search through the incredible array Pelican Hill homes in order to find the perfect place to call your own. Pelican Hill homes are within walking distance to some of the most exclusive 18-hole golf courses for leisure or competition golf outings. Pelican Hill offers homes that range from unique vacation cottages to rolling expansive estates for families.
Located in beautiful southern California, tucked away deep within the heart of the Newport Coast, Pelican Hill homes offer only the best in fine living and scenic allure. Your Sam Realty professional will offer unparalleled assistance during your experience reviewing one of several beautiful estates that grace the oceanfront in Pelican Hills, as well as top rated golf courses and gorgeous island back drops. These homes typically offer continually guarded and gated community safety and are often in the luxury range.
The area is perfect for families, couples, and singles of many different lifestyles. The area has a great family atmosphere with plenty of options for outdoor and beach activities, and Newport Beach has numerous choices for dining and nightlife. Some individuals also choose to retire to Pelican Hill for the guarantee of a consistent, Mediterranean climate and coastal views.
Have you ever wanted to live in a place that offered the best of both worlds? Pelican Hill homes give you access to both modern convenience close to home and quality time with all that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.88547
Retrieved Text: Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is located in Indian River County, Fla., and is under supervision of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The site was created in 1903 as the nation's first national wildlife refuge. The area was so designated to protect its rich wildlife, including a rookery on Pelican Island.
The wildlife refuge is more than 5,400 acres and encompasses marsh and lagoon habitat for migratory birds. Visitors may see endangered wood stork and more than 130 other species of water birds and other types of birds in the refuge. Needless to say, it is a bird-watcher's paradise.
Our work at Pelican Island focuses on the past century's history and activities at this national wildlife refuge. You will find feature stories about the wildlife, refuge history, and many of the outdoor activities at Pelican Island. We have photographs and multimedia to accompany the stories.
We invite you to take a look. And we hope you will enjoy our visit to Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge and that we provide some helpful ideas for your own visit to the park. We also thank the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service for use of some of its photographs on our pages.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 44.70992
Retrieved Text: Or perhaps I should say brief pelican!
As I walked along the beach tonight around 5:30 pm, I noticed a large, dark colored pelican floating atop the deep azure blue water. He would then take flight, turn and dive into the shallow water near the jetty. The trade-winds were so strong tonight that I found it difficult to keep my footing in the soft, moist, white sand.
Bracing against the wind, the pelican dove and dove into the ocean, then would swallow it's catch and simply float for a short while. Tomorrow I will walk there again, hoping he will return. Tomorrow I want to try and get a few pictures of the island's parrots that roost in the Divi-Divi trees. A flock of them took off suddenly as I walked Monday mid morning and I wasn't fast enough with my camera.
I'm so glad you are having fun and seeing lots of things! Thanks for taking us along with you on your vacation JP!
well...as usual...i've got some catching up to do...i think i'm behind here like 15 posts or whatever...yikes!
no work for me today! yay! so i've been doing this since like 7 this morning!
sooooo...you're on vacation? in Aruba? cool!! did you just get there? oh, nevermind...i'll move on and figure it out myself! ha!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 44.469276
Retrieved Text: I live in Lehi and was wondering where some good spots to try and get into a wally or two im used to fishing southern utah lake areas like the lincoln beach/orchards, sf river mouth etc but am not familiar with northern part of the lake. today seemed like a perfect walleye day so i hit af boat harbor for most the morning with no luck. Im just looking for a spot i could drag some jigs from shore after work. any suggestions.
also wondering about pelican point area dont seem to see many fishing reports from that area.
Water temps have been up and down so the walleyes have not shown up in numbers anywhere.
You can sometimes find a few around the rocks on the outside of the dikes at both Lindon and American Fork harbors. There have been some taken at Saratoga Springs Marina at Pelican Bay.
It is hit or miss but there have also been some good walleyes taken wading along the shoreline at the Knolls. They move in and out.
In May and June...post spawn...join the wading warriors at the American Fork River inlet just west of the harbor. Both white bass and walleyes.
Pelican Point is closed to the public...for vehicle access. But if you come in from the lake there is lots of rock and the walleyes do show up there. But, like you say, not many people fish it.
Ditto for the smaller Jumbers Point between El Nautica and Saratoga Springs Marina at Pelican Bay. Some underwater structure there that if you learn it

########
Rank: 14
Score: 44.085167
Retrieved Text: About ten years ago, on a visit to a remote wildlife reserve in Mexico, I had my first glimpse of brown pelicans diving into the sea. My husband and I looked on as a flock of these large-winged birds seemed to shape-shift in mid-air, contracting their wings and hurling themselves downward, slicing through the surface of the water in order to catch the fish they had apparently spied from above. In Judy Irving’s Pelican Dreams, in a spectacular sequence that captures the efforts of young brown pelicans diving beside their elders, viewers can see one of these wonders of nature.
Irving had begun filming the birds over a decade ago and abandoned the project, but when a brown pelican landed on the Golden Gate Bridge recently, she recalled her childhood love of the birds and the 16 mm. footage she had shot of them. Brown pelicans breed on California’s Channel Islands, and that unlucky young bird, dubbed “Gigi” by Irving, was underweight, and had to be taken to a wildlife rehabilitation center. Irving followed her there. Throughout Pelican Dreams, the filmmaker speaks with about a dozen pelican caretakers, mostly in the San Francisco Bay area, who nurse the birds professionally, and who heal them in their backyards. All the pelicans are released back into the wild if they recover.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.6576
Retrieved Text: Great white pelicans are some of the most easily recognized birds in the world. Yellow elastic pouches for holding fish hang off the beak. Like vultures, the face of the pelican is bare and pink flesh. The yellow feet of the pelican are webbed for paddling through water.
Early in the mornings, pelicans fish. The rest of the day pelicans bathe and straighten out their feathers. A pod of pelicans will splash and dive through the water, flapping their wings wildly. Then they paddle to the shores and smooth out their feathers.
In Africa, groups of eight to twelve pelicans work together in a “U” shape to chase fish into the shallow ends of lakes, swamps, marches, and deltas. Pelicans scoop fish up, tilt their heads back, and swallow them whole. Unlike cartoon pelicans, this species doesn’t fly with fish in their mouths. These fish are often cichlids in Africa and carp for migrating pelicans in Europe.
Because they work together, pelicans often trick each other and steal each other’s food. While one pelican tries to swallow a large fish, another will sneak up and steal the food right out of its mouth. They also eat eggs and chicks from other water birds, like the Cape cormorant.
Even though great white pelicans lay two eggs, only one chick usually survives. Each pelican chick eats approximately 150 pounds of fish before it can search for food on its own. A week or two after hatching, a chick can crawl, but still not lift their heavy beaks. After another week, this species

########
Rank: 16
Score: 43.132183
Retrieved Text: Grey Wolf Lodge is a wonderful place where you and your family can get back to what matters.
You'll never be bored at Grey Wolf Lodge! We have tons of fun stuff for every member of your family!
Come relax on Pelican Lake!
Only boat house on the lake.
Slots available for nightly or weeklystays.
Check out our authentic north woods getaways!
Rent one of our fishing boats and catch a lunker with the family!
See what fantastic opportunities are in our are!
Northern Minnesota's Fishing Resort on Pelican Lake - Orr, Minnesota!
Start your Minnesota family vacation in 2019 on Pelican Lake at Grey Wolf Lodge! Surround yourself with nature’s best – crappy, northern pike, bluegill, walleye fishing. See eagles, loons, osprey, pelicans, deer, beaver, otter and more! You won’t forget this MN getaway. This century old Minnesota family resort has seen generations of fisherpeople come to catch their limits, gather forfamily reunions & weddings and to renew on the shores of beautiful Pelican Lake in Orr, MN.
Our Northern Minnesota resort on Pelican Lake is known for its fabulous Northern Minnesota fishing. Nestled on 45 pristine acres and covering 1,100 feet of sandy shoreline, our cozy cabins lie on the water’s edge, allowing each guest a fabulous view of beautiful Pelican Lake and its 55 islands.
Wake up and witness a beautiful sunrise from your cabin deck and/or watch a family of baby ducklings feed outside your cabin windows. Witness the rare white pelicans, majestic eagles, soaring osprey, diving loons, bountiful deer, and other wildlife, as you enjoy your morning coffee and begin your day.
Your

########
Rank: 17
Score: 43.11231
Retrieved Text: Shop Pelican 7060 LED Dual Switch Rechargeable Tactical LED Flashlight 7060LED 21 Off 4. 7 Star Rating on 35 Reviews for Pelican 7060 LED Dual Switch Rechargeable Tactical LED Flashlight 7060LED Best Rated Free Shipping over 49. 3 models Pelican Super SabreLite 2000 3C Pelican Super SabreLite Waterproof Flashlight This 3 Ccell flashlight is made out of unbreakable ABS material with a hiimpact polycarbonate lens.
The SabreLite has an exclusive stateoftheart La I cant turn on my pelican super sabrelite 2000 submersible. how the f do i do it? Pelikan Pelican 2000 Super Sabrelite question Buy Pelican Replacement Xenon Lamp Module 2004 3. 33W 4. 5V for Super Sabrelite Review Pelican Mar 09, 2012 how do you replace the battery for pelican super sabrelite model 2000 Pelikan Pelican 2000 Super Sabrelite question How do you replace the battery for pelican super sabrelite model 2000.
Posted by Anonymous on Mar 09, 2012. Stealth lite 2400 user manual. Pelikan Pelican StealthLite 1 Answer Connections. Pelikan Pelican Sep 29, 2015 PELICAN 2020 SabreLite Recoil LED Duration: 5: 11.
Masa Masa 1, 456 views Pelican Sabrelite Submersible Flashlight Features Specifications Downloads This# 2000 super Pelican is made of unbreakable ABS material with a hiimpact polycarbonate lens. The Pelican has an exclusive stateoftheart laser spot Xenon lamp module that produces a tightly focused white light beam. The Pelican includes a belt clip, stainless Pelican 2010C SabreLite Recoil LED Flashlight at PelicanCaseStore. com Jul 16, 2011 Re: Reviving an old Pelican Super SabreLite So, a little bit over a month later and this light has

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.980026
Retrieved Text: When Jorge gets home from the hospital, the pelican is floating on the bloody bathwater, sipping bubbles. Jorge fixes the window hole while his wife recovers in the bedroom. He cannot make himself drain the swamp. As the days progress into weeks, the bubbles fade and disappear, and the blood coagulates. Jorge can hear the pelican turn on the jets in the middle of the night. Jorge has been supplying the bird with fresh fish. It is the least he can do. During Martha’s menstruations, Jorge shuts the door and turns on music while she sleeps in order to drown out the pelican knocking itself against the wood to get closer. After a while they decide the bird is family and let it crawl into their waterbed. The pelican maintains the bathtub with the dedication of a professional. Jorge keeps a stock of bubble bath on the ledge of the tub, with the lid open. When the drug war is over, Jorge is going to retire and return to his family’s ranch and raise the pelican in a privileged environment. This of course, depends on the wishes of the great bird, and if it prefers to stay in the bathroom, there is nothing Jorge can do. How can he tell it to leave after it saved his wife? Jorge will have to wait until one of them dies. And whoever is left breathing shall inherit the house.
Like nomadic Pericú natives before him, Matthew Dexter survives on a hunter-gatherer subsistence diet of shrimp tacos, cold beer, and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.89376
Retrieved Text: A few years back, the cooler was considered high-quality, if it can keep the ice for the entire week. At present, premium coolers have increased the ice lifespan to ten days. But these coolers are not cheap at all. So it is essential that you choose the best cooler that is worth your money.
When it comes to cooler, Pelican is the brand of choice. You might be wondering why. The brand is very durable, and their list of features are amazing. Before you buy one, check out our Pelican cooler reviews first. To make it easier for you to choose, we have included a list of pros and cons of each compared model.
Pelican vs. Yeti - Which Brand Provides the Best Coolers?
Pelican ProGear Elite Cooler is an American made durable cooler that can keep ice frozen for seven to ten days. Although it may sound impossible, a lot of users have testified that it keeps their ice frozen for longer days even in hot temperature.
This Pelican cooler is recommended for a day outside. Perfect for tailgating, backyard cookouts, fishing, a weekend camping trip, boating, food transportation and a lot more.
It has press and pull latches that are secured firmly so you can hold latches tightly even under pressure. ProGear Elite 45 Quart has a built-in bottle opener to keep the content secured because of its molded-in lock hasp.
Exterior 29.66" x 20.00" x 19.25"
Interior: 19.00" x 12.00" x 12.00"
This Pelican 80 Quart Wheeled Cooler has a lot to offer. Thus we considered it the best Pelican coolers

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.797913
Retrieved Text: Yesterday I shared with you that I’m planning to write a blog each day for the next 30 days. That brought up all kinds of stuff for me.
What if I don’t have enough material? What if I don’t have the time? What if they’re not perfect? I even received a blog comment yesterday from a man named Scott, who also had the same concern for his blog- “What if they’re not perfect?”.
Can you imagine things in Nature asking that? Look at some of the most bizarre creatures and think, what if a pelican looked at an eagle and said, “I’m not going to catch fish today because I don’t look perfect. I don’t know how to soar. All I do is make unsightly splashes into the water just trying to eat”. Even writing this- it sounds ludicrous, yet that’s what WE do every day!
Interestingly enough, I think my blog entries might be better if they’re not perfect and here’s why. If we only share our perfection with each other, that leads others to believe that we’re perfect and they’re not, when in fact, none of us are. That alone may stop others from following their own dream- as they wait to get it perfect.
We all have huge imperfections, which is part of our beauty in being human. We’re all going to have days where we’re the pelican and not the eagle- and that’s more than okay, that’s perfect.
So rather than strive for perfection, I’m going for authenticity. I believe it’s better to share from my heart

########
Rank: 21
Score: 42.36076
Retrieved Text: The American White Pelican (Pelecanus erythrorhynchos) is a very large bird by any standard. It stands about 4 feet tall, can have a wing span of over 9 feet, and weighs between 10 and 30 pounds. It flies north during breeding season (as far as Northern Alberta, Canada) and winters south (as far as the Gulf of Mexico and Central America). In the continental United States, you can find American White Pelicans on lakes, streams, rivers and marshes from Minnesota, west to Northern California in the summer months, and in the Gulf Coast States and southern California in the winter months.
Other than shallow surface dives, the American White Pelican does not dive for its food like its cousin the Brown Pelican. He usually just dips his head into the water to scoop up his prey. Sometimes these pelicans fish cooperatively. Forming a semi circle, they splash with their feet and wings to drive the confused fish into shallow water where they can scoop them up. Sometimes they will form opposing lines, one side driving the fish to the waiting pelicans on the other side.
No matter the beach or water’s edge you happen to be on, these magnificent birds are a real joy to watch.
This entry was posted on June 27, 2012 at 7:54 AM	and is filed under Beach and Coastal Wildlife, Beach Birding. Tagged: American White Pelican, Beach Bird Watching, Pelecanus erythrorhynchos. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
You’re

########
Rank: 22
Score: 42.34641
Retrieved Text: Pelicans remind us to take time to forge healthy relationships. Pelicans are patient, diligent, focused, and cooperative. They fish in groups, taking turns beating their wings on the surface of the water to school fish towards one another. Pelicans symbolize humility, generosity, camaraderie, and wisdom. Pelican is also a symbol of sacrifice, resurrection and nourishment. In fable, the mother Pelican pierces her own breast to feed her babies. This exaggerated telling of regurgitation has long associated Pelican with Christian self-offering. People who carry the Pelican totem are able to take in a lot of information at once and digest it with relative ease. They tend to be light, happy travelers. Additionally, Pelican people often hold thoughts to themselves and are reluctant to speak their opinions. Meditating on Pelican can ease this reluctance. As a bird of air and water, Pelican reminds us to dive equally deep into the mind and heart.
Glass, Copper. Copper wing details are 3 dimensional.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 42.290485
Retrieved Text: Spiny Dogfish Devour Pelican! – Ya Like Dags?
Killer whales aren’t the only hungry predators off of North Carolina right now.
A former student of mine just e-mailed me these pictures from a fishing trip off of Cape Lookout. He was looking for stripers and saw commotion in the water ahead, which usually means baitfish are being chased by something. What he found was a school of menhaden being fed upon by large dogfish, and some of the dogfish were coming up to the surface. Thinking of his dear old TA, he took some pictures on his cell phone camera, and that’s when things got interesting.
Dogfish feeding on the surface off of Cape Lookout. Photo by Brody Hooper.
Apparently a pelican dove in after some of the menhaden that had been chased to the surface, and then mayhem ensued. Whether the first bite was accidental or not is impossible to tell, but one of the dogfish bit the pelican, and once the blood was in the water it was over for the poor bird. The dogfish piled on the pelican, keeping it from taking off and literally dragging it back under the water where it disappeared in a cloud of blood and hungry sharks. Brody was able to snap a few pictures of this incredible act of predation, which are under the jump due to the fact that they may be disturbing for some readers.
Come on, you know what day this is. April fools.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 42.188248
Retrieved Text: MADE IN USA: Includes pelican's legendary lifetime guarantee - "you break it, we replace it. Forever!"
Pelican products has protected Defense, emergency and scientific expedition equipment through some of the harshest conditions on earth since 1976. This same DNA is now available to you in Pelican Elite coolers. We hold ourselves to higher criteria than other cooler Makers. When it comes to durability, performance and ergonomic design, just "good enough" doesn't cut it. As a result, Pelican Elite coolers perform to higher standards - better than any cold locker, tougher than any icebox. Pelican Elite coolers are true next-generation innovations, created to last a lifetime. From the latches to the freezer-grade seal to the toughest handles in the business, every part is engineered to our extreme durability and performance standards. Which is why we feel confident in providing you with a lifetime guarantee. Not three years. Not five years. A lifetime. Something the other Makers don't (or can't) do. Whether you're on the hunt of a lifetime, far out at sea with a cooler full of catch, crossing deserts on safari or simply tailgating during a big game - the Pelican Elite cooler is the one for you.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.170605
Retrieved Text: ​​​​​​​​​​Fishing is one of the most popular activities at St. Vrain State Park. As such, we strive to make this experience enjoyable and successful for the anglers who visit the park. With fish species such as Bluegill and Black Crappie, young anglers can hone their fishing skills before moving up to Rainbow Trout, and Channel Catfish. Check out our Fish of St. Vrain Brochure to see a list of the most common fish species inhabiting the ponds in the park.​ In addition, we offer the perfect environment for ice fishing for those willing to brave the elements!
​​​The ponds at St. Vrain State Park have been a favorite family fishing destination for decades. Different ponds are stocked with trout, bass, walleye, and assorted panfish. Below, we’ll tell you a little more about each pond, where to fish, and what to try.
Did you catch a whopper? Take a picture, and we just might add it to our Fishing Wall of Fame!
To send in your picture for consideration, just fill out a photo release form and email it with the picture to st.vrain.park@state.co.us – be sure to include how big the fish was (length and/or weight), which pond you caught it from, and what kind of bait or rig you were using. The best picture each week will be added to the Wall!
The most common fishing question heard by the rangers is “What species of fish are in which ponds?”. Based on the stocking reports and fish surveys, here’s a list of the fish you'll find in ​each pond.
It’s

########
Rank: 26
Score: 42.058083
Retrieved Text: In Pelican's Pride, Mr Pelican thinks he is as smart as he is handsome. He seems to do work, and yet he is sleek and well-fed. The other pelicans are determined to find out how he is able to spend so much of the day preening while they have to work very hard to catch eugh fish to fill their bellies. Pelicans feed on fish, which they scoop up in their large bill and throat pouch. They nest in large flocks on islands or inland lakes after heavy rain. Two eggs are laid and both parents take turns caring for the eggs.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.990417
Retrieved Text: Yesterday I went to a nearby lake with the Pelican The Catch 120 NXT. I intended to get some exercise paddling around the lake and do some fishing along the way. My first thought was to go 1/2 way around, take a break for some fishing, then continue. I’d stop at some other spots that looked good for fishing.
Well 1/2 way didn’t turn out to be much of a fishing spot so I decided to go a little further. Then I ran into the local crew team heading out for their practice and decided I better go a but further still to stay out of their way. Then I encountered a ski boat pulling a wakeboarder and making multiple wakes. The Pelican The Catch 120 NXT can handle a fair amount of wake action but I wanted to get closer to shore, just in case. So, you guessed, I paddled on.
By now I was most of the way around the lake. I guess I could’ve still fished a bit before heading down the narrow, shallow path to the launch but I’d had all the exercise I needed and was hot and sweaty so I called it a day and headed to the truck.
I can’t tell you if the fishing is any good in Forge Pond in Littleton and Westford, MA yet but I can tell you that the Pelican The Catch 120 NXT can be paddled 3 miles pretty much non-stop in 84 degrees and plenty of humidity.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.985855
Retrieved Text: After viewing the exclusive collection of Pelican Bay homes for sale, Daytona Beach will be even higher on your list of places to live. Master builders created a new standard when designing this development. Pelican Bay is an attractive location that yields a tailored experience.
The gated golf community boasts some very beautiful views. Whether you're testing your handicap at one of the two champion golf courses at Pelican Bay or gearing up to catch some waves, life here is an eclectic blend of comfort and excitement.
With special amenities like pickle ball and relaxing treatments at Remedy Spa, you'll instantly fall in love with resort-style living and all the perks that come along with it. Pelican Bay homes for sale present residents with a customized experience. The amenities are second-to-none, and the idyllic location on a gorgeous golf course makes this a perfect place to call home.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.867073
Retrieved Text: White Pelican on WN Network delivers the latest Videos and Editable pages for News & Events, including Entertainment, Music, Sports, Science and more, Sign up and share your playlists.
American White Pelican habitat, behavior, diet, migration patterns, conservation status, and nesting.
Basic Description. One of the largest North American birds, the American White Pelican is majestic in the air. The birds soar with incredible steadiness on broad, white-and-black wings.
Каталог. Где купить? О нас.
The great white pelican (Pelecanus onocrotalus) also known as the eastern white pelican, rosy pelican or white pelican is a bird in the pelican family.
Welcome. Thank you for visiting our website. We will be closed from April 9 to 20 and July 16 to 25, 2019. White Pelican Bed & Breakfast is Saskatoon’s place for the weary traveller.
One of the largest birds in North America, with a 9-foot wingspan. Similar to Brown Pelican in shape but much larger, and very different in habits: Occurs far inland, feeds cooperatively in shallow lakes, does not dive from the air for fish.
History: White Pelican became a Class A park in 1971, and was expanded as a result of recommendations in the Cariboo-Chilcotin Land Use Plan. Conservation: The American White Pelican has been legally designated as an Endangered Species in British Columbia.
White pelican. The heart of rock river valley recreation.

================



======= Instance Index 385 =========
Input Text: Draining the rain with a rain gutter onto bare ground through a spout will

Which is the correct answer?
- make the ground underneath contain less soil
- attract more dirt to where the water is falling
- cause the ground to become very hard
- draw up more water from underground

Target Text: make the ground underneath contain less soil

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.014153
Retrieved Text: Best View Services (BVS) thoroughly scoops out all the debris from your rain gutters then rinses them out. We flush the down spouts to make sure they are clear of any clogs and drain freely. We give away FREE down spout filters free to avoid future clogs that can happen in the down spout or in the under ground plumbing to the street.
Best View Services (BVS) features three grades of GutterGlove™ gutter guards Good, Better and Best. Everything, except water, is blocked from your gutters with the use of heavy aluminum frame construction and surgical stainless steel mesh filters. The result is that no rain gutter clogs EVER! Use of this gutter guard should more than double the current life of your gutters. Best View Services (BVS) will recommend the correct grade of gutter protection for you individual application. GutterGlove™ gutter guards are virtually maintenance free. For more information click here.
Check out our pressure washing services on the next page.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.416
Retrieved Text: downspout drainage options lowes home improvement stores near me.
drain emitter ideas downspout idea underground kit drainage options extension over sidewalk gutter down spout home improvement wilson meme.
making downspout drainage options home improvement stores online decora gutter ideas rain runoff downspouts extension outstanding splash block solutions down spout gutters crea opti.
rain gutters and downspouts drainage no more ugly down spout extensions to step over or get in the way of downspout options home improvement loans wells fargo.
downspout drainage solutions drain with pop up grate pipe size st options home improvement shows 2019 dr.
downspout drainage options home improvement cast deaths solutions.
downspout extensions and sump pump drainage options home improvement cast angela solutions.
i spent the morning cleaning drain after taking a picture yesterday probably shoveled 5 of dirt and grass out there downspout drainage options home improvement stores open now drainag.
splash blocks are an option when a downspout is not connected to in ground drainage system this case we would use elbow at the very end of options home improvement stor.
downspouts and elbows downspout drainage options home improvement loans for veterans accessories.
downspout drainage options gutter gutters ideas home improvement shows near me drain.
downspout drainage options home improvement contractors near me extension ideas best gutter on patio teaching.
gutter downspout drainage options home improvement shows netflix 2018 ideas rain chain instead of down spout thing bet it sounds lovely when rains architects dow.
how to do underground downspout extensions the wrong way drainage options home improvement neighbor over fence.
adjust a spout downspout extension drainage options home improvement loans for seniors.
decorative downspout extensions

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.469418
Retrieved Text: Of the many systems that make up a home the rain gutter is the simplest to clean and maintain, but yet the most neglected. While the gutter may be the simplest to clean, the unmaintained gutters system is responsible for damages excess of $50,000.00.
To avoid costly repairs, rain gutter care and maintenance is a must. Below are a few simple task that should become regular home care task at least three to four times a year.
1. A splash block should be placed at every gutter down spout with an open diverters. In a close gutter system, the down spouts and the diverters empty into a tight line system (empties into a pipe in the ground). An open system the diverters empty onto the splash blocks. The splash blocks should be sloped so the rain waste water flows away from the foundation.
2. It’s a good practice to inspect the inside and outside of mitered corners of the rain gutter system. Leaks at the mitered corners will cause water rot, to the fascia board that runs along the roofs edge. Should a leak be discovered, a quick, inexpensive repair is a product called “Flexpaint”. The repair method is very simple, and will require a good sturdy ladder. Make sure the ladder is placed on stable ground before climbing unto it. Flexpaint comes in a verity of custom colors with which must be ordered. The basic black, white, and clear colors are stocked at most home improvement stores.
2A. A quality repair will require all the lose debris to be

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.313267
Retrieved Text: adjust a spout downspout extension rain gutters appear very unassuming to the point where you might forget that they are there but they have an important job to do they route the runoff.
adjust a spout downspout extension reviews downspout extension white 3 to customer.
adjust a spout downspout extension.
adjust a spout downspout extension brown downspout extension.
adjust a spout downspout extension rain spout gutter copper gargoyle water decorative downspout extensions fish lion heads.
adjust a spout downspout extension decorative gutter downspout ultimate screens rain downspouts extensions other splash block.
adjust a spout downspout extension flex universal downspout extender white.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.0335
Retrieved Text: The colorful leaves of fall can be beautiful, but can also cause problems for homeowners. Leaves and other debris can clog rain gutters and may lead to home damage.
Your rain gutters serve a purpose—they protect your house, windows, doors and foundation by collecting the rain water and leading it through it downspouts to prevent water damage and flooding.
In order for this process to occur properly, the rain gutters must be clear of all debris, such as leaves, sticks and bugs.
Proper maintenance will also prevent gutters from corroding and pulling loose from their mountings.
To begin the cleaning process, always wear a pair of heavy gloves to protect hands from debris and sharp metal objects, like screws or sharp pieces of the gutter which may stick out or be buried in the debris.
Safety glasses or goggles should be worn to protect eyes from flying debris.
Place a drop cloth below the section of gutter you’re working on to capture the excess debris being removed.
Other supplies necessary to safely clean out a rain gutter include a bucket, a gardening shovel or drain clearing tool and a pistol-grip nozzle for the hose.
Perhaps the most important tool of them all is a sturdy ladder that should be placed on a level, flat surface.
Never crawl out onto a roof as it is considered extremely dangerous.
Remember, if using a step ladder, never step on the top two rungs—the warning on the ladder is there for a reason.
If using an extension ladder, always extend the ladder three rungs beyond the roof edge and secure the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.000774
Retrieved Text: Rain Chain Downspout. Chain Gutter Downspout Seamless Pretty Rain Garden Gutters Inside Plan 16. Rain Gutter Chains Downspout Chain Best Throughout Decor 18. Rain Chain Instead Of Gutter Down Spout Thing Bet It Sounds Lovely For Downspout Decor 1. Rain Chain Installation Downspouts Reviews Club Pertaining To Downspout Plan 10. Using Rain Chains As Downspouts Pacific West Roofing Throughout Chain Downspout Prepare 7. What Is A Rain Chain Pertaining To Downspout Plan 14. Rain Chains Decorative Alternatives To Downspouts Nashville TN Within Chain Downspout Remodel 4.
Chains Singing In The Rain Eichler Network For Chain Downspout Ideas 15. Rain Down Spout With Chain Modern Design By Moderndesign Org Throughout Downspout Ideas 19. Rain Chains Buy Direct At Discounted Prices Rainchain Rainchains With Regard To Chain Downspout Plan 9. Rain Chains Buy Direct At Discounted Prices Rainchain Rainchains With Regard To Chain Downspout Remodel 0. Unique Rain Chains Then Barrel Pertaining To Chain Downspout Remodel 11.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.31973
Retrieved Text: Foam inserts for rain gutter guards– do they work? As an engineer my point of view is that the very best application for foam is for packing products or a wonderful top quality bed mattress however not as a seamless gutter guard. You and also thousands of your blossom friends fall onto a seamless gutter that is loaded with a foam insert. Both you and also all your close friends are stunning blossoms, nonetheless, your power as a blossom is nearing an end. Since you’ve been knocked off by some vicious rainfall drops or your time as a blossom has actually expired, it’s. Point is that you are now laying on top of a foam insert– a padding of kinds. But you really do not need a padding considering that you are so light in weight. Now what remains in shop for you? Are you mosting likely to be blown away? Or will you be somehow displaced and also go down to planet? Or possibly stepped on by a raccoon, squirrel, or a bird? Let’s keep in mind that foam makes and also superb bed mattress. Just what concerning the wind? Is it mosting likely to raise you off this comfortable bed mattress and also set you air born again? Think for a moment, just how might this take place? Keep in mind that you are right in addition to the rain gutter pushing this comfortable cushion. Any kind of wind whipping down the roof will just overshoot the rain gutter and also go off right

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.08417
Retrieved Text: Here is a list of just some of the gutter services we provide in Hamilton, OH. When your rain gutter system is not performing at its peak, there could be a variety of reasons why. A quick visual inspection could reveal the problem instantly, but not all issues are this easy to pinpoint. If you're unsure of the cause of the problem, it may be time to call for a professional inspection and assessment of your guttering system.
Overflowing rain gutters can signal an issue with debris creating clogs or possible a problem the downspout portion of the system. The down spout is where draining from roof runoff is drained away from the building. When it becomes clogged or damaged in some other way, the water cannot flow and may pool in other places, causing runoff that can lead to soil erosion or worse yet, moisture damage to the materials that lie beneath the gutters. It may be difficult to assess down spout damage if you're not familiar with guttering systems. Our professional staff can perform an on the spot assessment to identify the problem quickly. Typical issues with down spouts include damaged seams, pulling away from walls and clogs from debris. We offer cleaning and repair services for a speedy remedy for down spout issues. We may also install an automatic recoiling downspout extension if the drainage is too close to the building.
When the fascia becomes damaged, it will either need repair or replacement in order to hold the guttering system in place. Unless you have

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.98931
Retrieved Text: Now that the summer season are fading, the leaves are starting to turn a spectacular golden brown and soon the autumn winds will bring them falling from their branches. A lot of will of course land harmlessly on the ground, covering the pathways, patio areas, and driveways however some will land in your rain gutter systems.
Leaves, moss and mud building up in your gutters are the significant factor gutters get blocked and will require cleansing. Cleaning up gutters can be unsafe (especially if you have limited experience of climbing and down ladders) and it can also be rather messy work. But regardless of how high your gutters are or how unpleasant cleaning them can be, it is essential that your house gutters are kept free from leaves and silt. If your gutters are not appropriately maintained and if they end up being obstructed to the level that water from your roofing system is unable to drain easily down the downpipes they will start to overflow.
Over flowing gutters left too long can create serious damage to the exterior and interior of your home and cost lots of thousands of pounds to correct.
It is vital that your roofing draining pipes system is working properly to let water flow to the ground and far from the structures of your house. If you feel uncomfortable operating at top-of-ladder heights or you cannot discover the time to do your own gutter cleaning, then it is far much better to hire an expert outdoor cleaning company to clean your gutters than to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.80392
Retrieved Text: aluminum gutter machine aluminum continuous rain gutter machine seamless aluminium gutter machines seamless aluminium gutter machines for sale.
aluminum gutter machine 5 gutter aluminum coil for gutter machine seamless aluminum gutter machine.
aluminum gutter machine this is automatic rain gutter roll forming machine the whole production line include one set 3 ton manual feeding table roll forming aluminum gutter bending machine aluminum co.
aluminum gutter machine worker measuring an aluminum rain gutter feeding through seamless shaping machine seamless aluminium gutter machines aluminum gutter bending machine.
aluminum gutter machine barracuda 5 k style gutter machine aluminum gutter machines for sale aluminum coil for gutter machine.
aluminum gutter machine roof sheet making machine aluminum gutter machines for sale seamless aluminium gutter machines.
aluminum gutter machine k type gutter roll former machine aluminum copper for downspout rain spout seamless aluminium gutter machines for sale seamless aluminium gutter machines.
aluminum gutter machine gutter machine click for a larger view aluminum coil for gutter machine seamless aluminium gutter machines.
aluminum gutter machine steel aluminum copper mobile seamless gutter machine for rainwater gutter profiles aluminum gutter bending machine seamless aluminium gutter machines.
aluminum gutter machine high standard aluminum downspout water gutter rolling forming machine aluminum coil for gutter machine seamless aluminium gutter machines.
aluminum gutter machine order your mach ii gutter machine from aluminum inc well mount aluminum gutter bending machine aluminum gutter machines for sale.
aluminum gutter machine luckily my measurements were good and it was a nice tight fit it is now ready to bolt it down to the steel frame i brought some tools and the bolts with aluminum coil

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.543087
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 12:42:21 pm at 04/19/2019 12:42:21 pm in Copper Rain Gutters Home Depot.
copper rain gutters home depot victorian arrow weathervane pure copper downspout splash guards rain gutters for home depot gutter guard downspout splash guards rain gutters for home depot gutter guard.
aluminum rain gutters home depot,copper rain gutters home depot,metal rain gutters home depot, home depot gutter extension in x k style square copper home depot gutter extension chain home depot rain gutter downspouts , gutter chain downspout rain toycloud gutter chain downspout copper rain home depot ,copper gutters gutters accessories the home depot halfround copper end with drop, gutter gusher guard click for a larger view gutter gusher guard home gutter gusher guard click for a larger view gutter gusher guard home depot, rain gutter specialists in accessories suppliers joevenuto gutter parts home depot rain accessories guards with pine needles copper , copper gutters gutters accessories the home depot halfround copper end cap, rain spouts spout barrel kit home depot gutters menards stunning aluminum down spouts crown seamless gutters downspouts south copper rain amusing of and leafless per cost, how much do gutters cost at home depot half round copper single bead how much do gutters cost at home depot vinyl gutter guard installation rain gutters home depot .

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.415985
Retrieved Text: WELCOME TO US APEX gutter installation and repair services in Paterson.
US Apex is the top quality and professional gutter installation and repair services in .Our approach to gutter installation provides lifetime warranties and customer satisfaction. Rain gutters in Paterson are more important than you may think, as New Jersey does see some torrential downpours when it decides to rain.Our experienced and trained professionals will give you a custom fit that will ensure attractiveness, equity and most importantly, protection that can last forever on gutter installation.US Apex Gutter Paterson installation services does not hire any contractors and fully insured and licensed.Feel free to contact us any time 201-768-6006 or 973-779-6161.
We understand that your rain gutters are one of your home's most important protections against the elements. Without them, water would erode the soil around the foundation, splash dirt onto the siding and leak into the basement. That is why rain gutters are such an important aspect in maintaining the integrity of your home. Properly working gutters or well-maintained gutters prevents water from draining directly from edges of your roof. To determine if you have any problem with your gutter system go outside during the heavy rain and see that if there is any overflowing water from the rain gutters. Gutters collect additional rain water from your roof and direct it away from the foundations and house siding. If proper maintenance is not made, Foundation and house siding can have serious erosion. When gutters need repairs, don’t put them off Call Paterson gutter repair to get free estimates.
There

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.39538
Retrieved Text: WELCOME TO US APEX gutter installation and repair services in Sparta.
US Apex is the top quality and professional gutter installation and repair services in .Our approach to gutter installation provides lifetime warranties and customer satisfaction. Rain gutters in Sparta are more important than you may think, as New Jersey does see some torrential downpours when it decides to rain.Our experienced and trained professionals will give you a custom fit that will ensure attractiveness, equity and most importantly, protection that can last forever on gutter installation.US Apex Gutter Sparta installation services does not hire any contractors and fully insured and licensed.Feel free to contact us any time 201-768-6006 or 973-779-6161.
We understand that your rain gutters are one of your home's most important protections against the elements. Without them, water would erode the soil around the foundation, splash dirt onto the siding and leak into the basement. That is why rain gutters are such an important aspect in maintaining the integrity of your home. Properly working gutters or well-maintained gutters prevents water from draining directly from edges of your roof. To determine if you have any problem with your gutter system go outside during the heavy rain and see that if there is any overflowing water from the rain gutters. Gutters collect additional rain water from your roof and direct it away from the foundations and house siding. If proper maintenance is not made, Foundation and house siding can have serious erosion. When gutters need repairs, don’t put them off Call Sparta gutter repair to get free estimates.
There

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.139133
Retrieved Text: A rain barrel is a great way to collect and recycle rainwater. Building one is also a simple, straightforward project. With easy to follow instructions, you can get your rain barrel up and running within just a few hours. Make sure you have all of the necessary supplies and material before starting your rain barrel project.
A rain barrel at its simplest is 55 gallon container with a hole for water to enter, a screen for filtering out debris, a cover for keeping out mosquitoes and a two valves. As water runs down your roof line and is collected in the gutters, it will travel down the spout and directly into the rain barrel. The strainer basket filters out leaves, the top valve prevents overflow by emptying excess water from the barrel when it reaches this height. The value will siphon off the water and carry it away from the barrel and the house. The lower valve allows you to use the collected water in the barrel as needed.
Place the skimmer basket upside down on the top of the rain barrel. Use a pencil to trace its outline.
Drill a hole in the center of the outline and use this hole as a starting point for the jigsaw. Cut just inside the outlined area, leaving a small rim from which the basket will hang. Insert the basket into the hole so it hangs down securely.
Measure and mark 2-inches down from the rim of the barrel and use the spade bit to drill a hole for the upper faucet

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.0492
Retrieved Text: A revolutionary flow-thru design allows water to flow through the top, bottom, both sides, and back of wedge. Increased drainage design.
Dimensions: 9" long x 2-5/8" wide x 3-1/4" High. Down Spout Round Insert is 1-3/4" diameter.
The only "self-cleaning" rain gutter filter in the industry and the most effective way to keep rain gutter downspouts clear of leaves and debris.
Pro-Claw Contractor Bar for Roofing, Siding, Construction (3-in-1)"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.650593
Retrieved Text: Foam inserts for gutter guards– do they function? As an engineer my point of view is that the best application for foam is for packing products or a fantastic high quality bed mattress however not as a gutter guard. For a moment act that you are a blossom. You and also hundreds of your blossom friends drop onto a gutter that is filled with a foam insert. Both you and all your good friends are stunning blooms, nonetheless, your power as a blossom is nearing an end. Why? It’s since you’ve been knocked off by some savage rain drops or your time as a blossom has actually ended. Factor is that you are currently laying on top of a foam insert– a padding of kinds. But you truly do not require a padding because you are so light in weight. Are you going to be blown away? Or will you be somehow dislodged and also drop to earth? Allow’s keep in mind that foam makes and also exceptional bed mattress. But just what about the wind? Is it mosting likely to raise you off this comfortable bed mattress and also set you air birthed once again? Think for a moment, just how might this happen? Bear in mind that you are right in addition to the gutter resting on this comfortable cushion. Any kind of wind whipping down the roof covering will simply go and also overshoot the gutter off right into area. The wind blowing right into the roof covering and also gutter will knock

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.596813
Retrieved Text: How experienced are the installers that work with your seamless gutters company near Grimes?
How can I tell if our seamless rain gutters aren’t draining effectively near Grimes?
What type of gutters do you provide close to Grimes?
Is your deck breaking down from water coming off your roof around Grimes, IA?
If you install copper gutters near Grimes Iowa it will make your autumn clean-up a piece of cake.
Are you tired of clearing out your seamless rain gutters near Grimes IA Email to get gutter leaf protection today!
Do you have rain gutters on your house? Get a bid today with Grimes IA Seamless Gutters.
Grimes Seamless Gutters has been providing service in Grimes for a long time call us for your rain gutters next project.
Call for a quote on rain gutters or gutters from Grimes Seamless Gutters we are prepared to help you with your next project.
Grimes IA Seamless Gutters is looking to solve your gutter issues in Grimes, just contact our team they will answer your seamless gutters questions.
We called for a gutter guards estimate in Grimes.
Do you install gutter systems with seams? We at rain gutters on install and offer rain gutters near Grimes, Iowa.
Do you need new gutters in the following zip codes: 50111.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.576008
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 06:53:43 am at 04/25/2019 06:53:43 am in Lowes Gutter Cleaner.
lowes gutter cleaner gutter screens lowes stainless steel gutter guards magnificent mesh leafblaster guard home ideas 1 privacy window decor accessories cool design lowes downspout extension for cool design lowes downspout extension for exterior home decor.
lowes gutter cleaner new car reviews by wittsendcandy lowes gutter cleaning abadacapoeira info, leaf blower gutter attachment lowes gutter cleaning tool lowes leaf blower gutter attachment lowes gutter cleaning tool lowes pictures leaf blower gutter attachment lowes, backpack blower yard leaf gutter attachment lowes emotyco gutter cleaner cleaning tools grow system group page leaf blower attachment lowes leaf vacuum blower features gutter attachment lowes , gutter brush lowes grupoexpertos gutter cleaning tongs tools rotary system home decor air compressor wand sense tool gutters brush lowes, gutter hose attachment gutter gutter hose attachment lowes retinue gutter , mini gutters lowes gutter cleaner rain gutters gutter mini gutters lowes gutter cleaner rain gutters gutter, gutter extension gutter extensions and also rain gutter drain pipe gutter extension gutter extensions and also rain gutter drain pipe and also rain spout extension and also aluminium gutter cleaning extension lowes, a gutters bay shore gutter cleaning and downspouts lowes cleaner shop vac gutter cleaning attachment use a leaf blower to clean your gutters lowes cleaner krud gutter install at seamless gutters lowes cleaner , leaf blower gutter attachment lowes decoration interior home room how leaf blower gutter cleaner echo backpack cleaning attachment to clean your gutters homemade with lowes, seamless gutters lowes thinkingforest seamless gutters lowes

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.961704
Retrieved Text: rain barrel kit best rain barrel rain barrel rain barrel downspout kit gutter install rain rain barrel best rain barrel earthminded diy rain barrel kit.
rain barrel kit decorative rainwater barrels large decorative rain barrels decorative rain barrel kit rain barrel kitchener waterloo.
rain barrel kit gal decorative urn rain barrel kit rain barrel diverter kit home depot.
rain barrel kit rain barrel kit pictures and prices e kitchens outdoor school at rain barrel kits lowes.
rain barrel kit rain barrel kit rain barrel kit tractor supply.
rain barrel kit rain barrel kits lowes.
rain barrel kit make your own rain barrel kitchener rain barrel credit.
rain barrel kit rain el pump water kit solar rain barrel spigot kit home depot.
rain barrel kit rain spout gutter downspout rain barrel rain barrel gutter kit rain barrel kit diy.
rain barrel kit rain barrel diverter kit menards.
rain barrel kit best diy rain barrel kit with downspout diverter.
rain barrel kit rain barrel without kit rain barrel kits lowes.
rain barrel kit its finally time to break open the rain barrel kit use the included hole saw bit to drill for the spigot you want this up a couple of inches from the rain barrel diverter kit menards.
rain barrel kit rain barrel hose kit with timer includes the two dial solar timer with rain sensor rain barrel kit tractor supply.
rain barrel kit rain barrel overflow downspout kit amazon 3 top ideas to gather water for garden barrels rain barrel overflow drain kit rain barrel spigot kit home depot.
rain barrel kit gear review ultimate gallon water barrel backdoor survival rain

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.94745
Retrieved Text: Gutter guard questions which design of gutter guard is right for my White Oak, PA house?
What are the positive aspects of seamless rain gutters?
How much should seamless gutters within White Oak Pennsylvania cost?
How can I tell if my seamless gutters aren’t draining the proper way around White Oak?
Why select us for seamless gutters within White Oak, PA?
Find out more about gutter protection by contacting us for your house in White Oak?
Tired of your broken rain gutters in White Oak?
White Oak PA Seamless Gutters is looking to solve your gutter issues near White Oak PA, just call our team they will answer your seamless gutters questions.
We at White Oak PA Seamless Gutters have many years of knowledge and many happy customers who have bought seamless rain gutters.
White Oak Seamless Gutters supplies service and estimate to clients close to White Oak, Pennsylvania for seamless rain gutters.
We would want a bid for seamless rain gutters put on our home in White Oak, PA.
Do you have seamless gutters on your residential property? Get a bid now with White Oak PA Seamless Gutters.
At White Oak PA Seamless Gutters we know seamless rain gutters, so contact the trained professional that services homeowners around White Oak, Pennsylvania.
Do you like cleaning up your rain gutters at your property near White Oak Get gutter leaf protection installed and you will never have to clean your gutters again.
If wish to prevent want to clean your rain gutters or remove fallen leaves from your seamless gutters get gutter leaf protection installed.
Our web page has a lot of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 40.38648
Retrieved Text: How many downspouts should you have on your house?
Does your company supply leaf protection?
What is the most effective way to connect gutters?
Who can I call up for a price quote on a rain gutters in Pembroke Georgia?
How can I tell if my seamless gutters aren’t draining effectively in Pembroke, GA?
What traits should I look in a gutter building contractor?
Do we need to do anything to get ready for the new rain gutters on our Pembroke Georgia home?
How long will set up take for rain gutters close to Pembroke?
Why not get the gutter covers from the beginning to avoid frequent roof cleaning in Pembroke?
Do gutter covers ever block up?
Living near Pembroke, GA and all of your neighbors have seamless gutters how about your home? We can assist with one phone call to setup an appointment.
Being a homeowner you need to give protection to your investment and foundation with seamless rain gutters, get a quote today for your home near Pembroke.
Get a quote today for rain gutters, from a local expert near Pembroke, Georgia.
At Pembroke Seamless Gutters we understand seamless rain gutters, so call the qualified pro that services homeowners in Pembroke, Georgia.
We at Pembroke GA Seamless Gutters are the leading seamless rain gutters contractor in Pembroke, Georgia, we have many happy clients.
The simple solution is to call Pembroke Seamless Gutters for a rain gutters quote near Pembroke.
Going from having leaf gutter guards to not on your new home can be fixed call for a price estimate today near Pembroke, GA.
Do you need new gutters in the following

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.04176
Retrieved Text: There are two important parts on a building and these include the roof and the foundation. There is a very close relationship between these two areas. The truth of the matter is that the foundation of your home will keep the structure standing strong. The foundation will also support the upper structure and keep out the elements. Similarly, the roofing will protect the inner section of the home and prevents creatures, elements, and debris from getting into your house from the top.
If you don’t have a strong foundation, you can compromise the whole structural integrity of your house. Additionally, if the roof is not able to funnel water in the right way, it can make your foundation to deteriorate. You can use Norman Roofers & Siding Repair Services experts to install rain gutters. These professionals will make sure that your roof is working hand in hand with the foundation and not against it.
As rain water hits the roof of your building, it will run down the slope and to the edge. If your roof has a gutter, the water will be channeled along the edge of the roof to the corners where it will run through a down spout to get safely out of the home. The same process will take place when the accumulated winter snow is melting away. This design will keep your head as you get through the doorway. More importantly, it will keep water from dripping around your home and eroding the dirt slope to your building’s foundation. It will also keep

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.96432
Retrieved Text: Simply put a Rain Chain is nothing more than a decorative alternative to the “old hum drum” gutter down spout that we are used to. When you exchange your regular down downspout for one of these Rain Chains you’re opening up a whole new world.
The first time I heard about Rain Chains was when a friend and I were talking about me putting gutters on my home. You see I live in Florida and for whatever reason when houses are built they do not have gutters on them. What’s crazy is that only one side of my home has gutters and a downspout while the rest of the house has nothing.
So this friend was telling me about these rain chains that she has all around her house and when it rains she feels like she is in a spa because it sounds like a waterfall. Of course depending on what style of rain chains you have will determine the sound you will hear from it. The style she had was the cup rain chains.
Rain Chains, or better known as “kusari-doi” which mean “chain gutter” in Japanese, have been used in Japan for several hundred years, as decorative downspouts to gardens, homes and temples adding character and functionality. The Japanese also used these chains to guide the water from their roofs into a rain barrel to use for the household.
They actually work the same exact way as a downspout does except they are more aesthetically appealing, functional and definitely sets the mood for tranquility.
Unlike the normal downspouts

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.95487
Retrieved Text: * Blocked gutters would be the number one cause of leaky basements. When gutters are clogged, roof water overflows and builds up at the base. If this takes place, basement leaks could be moments away.Gutter cleaning can prevent these issues.
* Gutter Cleaning to Avoid Major Repairs for Rotting Lumber: Water build up from clogged gutters will cause wood rot to the fascia of your home as a result of heavy rain. Clean gutters can prevent these issues.
* Leaking Roofs: During the year Md gets many storms with heavy rain and winds, which causes problems. The water can leak into a damaged roof and cause 1000s of dollars of damage to the inside of your home. Gutter cleaning services can stop these issues.
* Landscape Erosion: Any kind of downspout extensions should be run downhill and away from the foundation of your home. Your lawn, trees, and other vegetation can be killed by too much water from stopped up gutters. Gutter cleaning can prevent these issues.
If you are not comfortable with heights or don’t use high ladders regularly, gutter cleaning is not a job for you. Consider having gutter cleaning services in Montgomery County Maryland handle the job.
If you choose to do the gutter cleaning task yourself, beware of hidden hazards like electrical power lines and bee’s nests. Have concerns contact a gutter cleaning services company.
Clear Gutters: Using a ladder, work gloves and a hose, clear the gutters starting at one end and moving towards the other. Always work from the ladder and not from the actual roof,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.92507
Retrieved Text: Routine maintenance is the essential to maintaining your house gutter system undamaged. Making sure that your seamless gutters have no bent locations is one recommendation made by those who help you prepare your residence for sale.Clean and well maintained seamless gutters contribute to your home’s sale-ability.
The majority of residence improvement experts suggest that you clean your seamless gutters two times yearly. If your rain gutters are blocked with debris such as fallen leaves as well as branches the rain will not run or drainpipe properly. It’s important to make certain that the rain isn’t spilling over the top of your gutter and onto your foundation. With time this can create damages to the residence’s structure.
It is recommended that you clean your seamless gutters in the Fall besides the fallen leaves have fallen from the bordering trees, as well as in the Spring. While you’re cleaning your rain gutters you will want to evaluate them for any kind of openings or rust via. Make certain there are no loose nails. Examine to see to it the rain gutters are firmly secured to the house.
After you have actually eliminated all the particles from the gutter you’ll want to rinse any continuing to be debris down the gutter as well as into the downspout with your garden hose pipe. This will additionally aid you to see to it that your downspout isn’t blocked with debris. If you locate the water not running into the downspout you can remove the downspout, clean it and then replace it.
Make sure that the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.844196
Retrieved Text: A rain gutter system enhances the value of your home by protecting landscaping, preventing stucco staining by redirecting water and preventing the problems caused by water pooling around your home. Some hastily built homes have inferior systems, or no systems. You may see sagging, corrosion, rust, leakage, or broken gutters and downspouts, or water damage where water is not draining away from roofs, exterior walls or around the base of the house. It may be time to consider a new rain gutter system.
Call Prestige for an inspection and no obligation quote on repairing or replacing your rain gutters. We’ll help identify problem areas so you can get your rain gutter system back in shape for the rainy season and prevent damage to your home or building.
Prestige Roofing can design the perfect rain gutter system for your home, both functional and beautiful. Contemporary residential gutters are usually made of aluminum, stainless steel, galvanized or copper metal. They typically include a series of 2” or 3” downspouts. The most popular gutter material is aluminum. While stainless steel is tougher and can resist damage from falling tree limbs and ladders, aluminum will never rust. Gutters come in over 25 different colors. Copper gutters need no paint and have a natural rustic patina for a classic look.
Once you have selected your gutter materials, style and color, our on-site fabrication lab will cut and shape your system for installation. Our craftsmen will make sure that your system complements your roof and home and will work flawlessly for you protecting and beautifying

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.82452
Retrieved Text: We install new seamless rain gutters on homes and other buildings. With our new gutter installation service you can expect a high level of quality in workmanship. Additionally our materials and customer service are great as well.
When you call we start by coming over for a gutter price quote. After you agree to the service we begin. The steps below outline a series of events you can expect.
To start your new gutter installation service project, we first consult with you to determine the best rain gutters materials to use and set the overall project expectations.
Determine the best way to install the rain guttering system on your home. And make sure it will be channeling water away from your home.
Measure the edges of the roof line. This will help us determine the amount of guttering material that you will need.
Combine the plan for the gutter layout and the roof measurement. Then calculate the components needed in the guttering installation. This will help us determine different components like elbows, end pieces, corners, downspouts and drop outlets to complete the installation.
Using this information we set a price. And then we review the price quote with you. After an agreement is made we schedule the installation for a convenient near future date.
On the right date and time our crew arrives ready to work.
First we measure to make sure the gutters have the proper decline so the water flows down them properly. We calculate slopes to determine the flow of the water going to the down spout. Then we measure starting

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.719273
Retrieved Text: There are several ways to install rain gutters on a home, but not all of them are ultimately beneficial. Improperly installed gutters can lead to wood rot as well as falling gutters, rendering a beneficial addition to your home into a potential liability.
It’s very important that rain gutters always be installed behind the “drip edge” to ensure proper capturing of rainwater. Installing gutters on top of roof flashing may be easier and quicker, but improperly installed rain gutters can actually do more damage than good. Rain gutters installed on top of roof flashing leave space for rainwater to splash behind the gutters onto the home’s fascia. This water, protected from wind and sun, rots the fascia and eventually leads to costly home repairs. If rain gutters are properly installed behind the “drip edge,” the only place for water to travel is down the gutter and away from your home.
Downspouts are enclosed, vertical pieces of guttering that carry water from the rain gutter to the ground. In order to keep a downspout in place, it must be secured to the side of the home with the use of straps. It is important to secure straps to the brick, not the mortar between bricks, because it creates a more secure, enduring hold. Mortar deteriorates over time, potentially creating leaks or causing downspouts to loosen or, even worse, fall down.
Phillips installs gutters behind the “drip edge,” and places gutter hangers every 2 feet to provide sufficient support during heavy rains. Phillips also anchors downspout straps into the brick, providing

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.705467
Retrieved Text: underground downspout extension kit underground gutter drain drainage photos ideas rain runoff downspout extension driveway r home ideas sioux falls home ideas diy.
underground downspout extension kit gutter spout rain gutter downspout rain gutter downspout y connector underground kit gutter extension tubing home home appetizer ideas home office ideas pinterest.
underground downspout extension kit small home ideas pinterest home appetizer ideas.
underground downspout extension kit underground downspout downspout drain lines cleaning underground downspout extensions home ideas magazine ph home ideas app.
underground downspout extension kit related post home craft ideas apps home design ideas for small spaces.
underground downspout extension kit white downspout extension home ideas design home improvement ideas pinterest.
underground downspout extension kit boxes for ts houses elegant underground t extension kit easy review home ideas centre launceston home ideas diy.
underground downspout extension kit downspout drain home renovation ideas app home ideas centre.
underground downspout extension kit a buried gutter drain downspout extension home design ideas living room home decor ideas magazine.
underground downspout extension kit underground downspout kit drain home depot underground downspout kit extension home security ideas diy home theater ideas pinterest.
underground downspout extension kit underground downspout kit s extension drain home bar ideas pinterest home craft ideas apps.
underground downspout extension kit underground gutter drain downspout extension ideas driveway gutter drain downspout drainage river rock solutions gutter drain country home ideas magazine subscripti.
underground downspout extension kit full size of downspout extension ideas marvelous good roll out extensions gutter extenders underground home ideas centre durban home business ideas philippines 2018.
underground downspout extension kit debris filter ice guard install home design ideas

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.647327
Retrieved Text: Seamless gutter covers and also gutter guards can be inexpensive– down right affordable or they can be extremely expensive. How do you recognize if affordable gutter guards will help you or if you actually require the best fallen leave guard? Answer: it depends on how much tree debris you have and also the style of the affordable fallen leave guards. Then you could go with affordable gutter guards, if you’re just dealing with leaves and also tree debris from distant trees. Would certainly you want an inexpensive one that conveniently removes with wind or heavy pets such as raccoons or squirrels that can eat with them or dig them out of the gutter? Do not think so! The one that remove are flimsy screens made from plastic mesh or cord mesh. They generally get installed on top of the gutter and also sometimes in fact get screwed or clipped to the gutter. One such type is in fact a strong top that is held in place with a clip that is the size of a quarter. The clip works loose and also the gutter cover collapses into the gutter. They generally offer installed for around $6.00 per foot or even more and also are actually pointless. After the initial wind storm, they get blown to the ground or collapse into the gutter. One more style of hinged display looks significant. The issue is that it gathers debris on the roofing system and when you raise it to eliminate the debris, the debris falls under the gutter.

================



======= Instance Index 98 =========
Input Text: A car engine usually uses combustion to convert this into a motion and heat.

Which is the correct answer?
- animal products
- plant materials
- oil products
- solar energy

Target Text: oil products

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 47.55916
Retrieved Text: An engine, or motor, is a machine designed to convert one form of energy into mechanical energy.
A pneumatic motor is a machine that converts potential energy in the form of compressed air into mechanical work.
Some motors are powered by potential or kinetic energy, for example some funiculars, gravity plane and ropeway conveyors have used the energy from moving water or rocks.
Electric motors convert electrical energy into mechanical motion, pneumatic motors use compressed air and others use elastic energy.
Non-thermal motors usually are powered by a chemical reaction, but are not heat engines.
Some engines convert heat from noncombustive processes into mechanical work, they are the non-combusting heat engines.
Heat engines, including internal combustion engines and external combustion engines burn a fuel to create heat, which then creates a force.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.296234
Retrieved Text: ­Have you ever opened the hood of your car and wondered what was going on in there? A car engine can look like a big confusing jumble of metal, tubes and wires to the uninitiated.
You might want to know what’s going on simply out of curiosity. Or perhaps you are buying a new car, and you hear things like 3.0 liter V-6 and dual overhead cams and tuned port fuel injection . What does all ­of that mean?
­­In this article, we’ll discuss the basic idea behind an engine a­nd then go into detail about how all the pieces fit together, what can go wrong and how to increase performance.
­The purpose of a gasoline car engine is to convert gasoline into motion so that your car can move. Currently the easiest way to create motion from gasoline is to burn the gasoline inside an engine. Therefore, a car engine is an internal combustion engine — combustion takes place internally.
There are different kinds of internal combustion engines. Diesel engines are one form and gas turbine engines are another. See also the articles on HEMI engines. rotary engines and two-stroke engines. Each has its own advantages and disadvantages.
There is such a thing as an external combustion engine. A steam engine in old-fashioned trains and steam boats is the best example of an external combustion engine. The fuel (coal, wood, oil, whatever) in a steam engine burns outside the engine to create steam, and the steam creates motion inside the engine. Internal combustion is a lot more efficient (takes less

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.880432
Retrieved Text: POWER THROUGH Car engines operate using pistons (illustrated), which convert the heat from burning fuel into motion. Friction decreases the efficiency of such engines, but quantum machines can evade that limitation.
SANTA BARBARA, Calif. — To evade friction, try taking a quantum shortcut.
Two teams of physicists are building tiny machines designed to operate with the maximum possible efficiency. According to thermodynamics, there’s an ultimate limit to the efficiency of machines known as heat engines — including steam engines and car engines — which convert heat into motion or other types of energy (SN: 3/19/16, p. 18). But real-world engines never reach that maximum efficiency, and often run well below it, because they lose energy to friction.
Now, quantum experiments are circumventing the limitations imposed by friction using specially designed shortcuts. Physicists Adolfo del Campo and Roberto Serra described two separate experiments June 25 and June 28 at the Quantum Thermodynamics meeting at the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
The shortcuts are “a kind of quantum lubricant,” says Serra, of the Federal University of ABC in Santo André, Brazil. Similar to the way that oil can decrease friction in a standard engine, these shortcuts eliminate the friction that is present on quantum scales.
Heat engines operate by cycling through a series of steps. For example, a car engine’s cylinders execute a sequence that includes intake of fuel and air, compression, combustion, expansion and release of exhaust..

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.652157
Retrieved Text: The purpose of introducing the new power generation technology is to eliminate the power losses taken place in the internal combustion engine, during conversion of piston movement in to rotary movement of crankshaft.
It is evident when investigating the cycle of internal combustion engine, only 40% or lesser amount of heat energy is converted in to useful work and the major part of energy is dissipated as losses.Since the ideal power requirement is in rotary manner, the linear motion has to convert to rotary motion, and it is far from ideal. Therefore performance of the reciprocating piston engine is limited due to its inherent characteristics of the crank gear.
Oscillator engine was designed to over come these problems. Eliminating these drawbacks oscillator engine can generate 1.55 times higher power with an equivalent capacity engine.
1).As shown in the following illustration the oscillator engine uses the total gas pressure to drive the shaft, which will be converted to complete rotary movement at the next stage. It is found in theoretical analysis the power can boost by 1.55 times higher.
2).This engine doesn't apply crank gear for power generation purpose, which usually generates a considerable internal resistance to the system. During idle running power is spent merely to overcome the internal resistance. So that oscillator engine consume very small amount of fuel during idle running. Similarly, to start the engine, it require a small battery power.
3).In conventional engine there is always a lateral thrust developing on cylinder walls by the piston rings, resulting ware of the engine parts. In oscillator engine no

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.49795
Retrieved Text: Engine for Forklift - Likewise referred to as a motor, the engine is a device that could transform energy into a useful mechanical motion. When a motor changes heat energy into motion it is normally called an engine. The engine could be available in many kinds like for instance the internal and external combustion engine. An internal combustion engine typically burns a fuel along with air and the resulting hot gases are utilized for creating power. Steam engines are an illustration of external combustion engines. They use heat in order to generate motion along with a separate working fluid.
The electric motor takes electrical energy and produces mechanical motion via various electromagnetic fields. This is a common kind of motor. Various kinds of motors function through non-combustive chemical reactions, other kinds can utilize springs and be driven through elastic energy. Pneumatic motors are driven by compressed air. There are different designs based upon the application needed.
An ICE happens when the combustion of fuel mixes with an oxidizer inside a combustion chamber. In an internal combustion engine, the increase of high pressure gases combined with high temperatures results in making use of direct force to some engine parts, for example, nozzles, pistons or turbine blades. This particular force produces functional mechanical energy by way of moving the component over a distance. Usually, an ICE has intermittent combustion as seen in the popular 2- and 4-stroke piston motors and the Wankel rotary motor. Most jet engines, gas turbines and rocket engines fall into a second class of internal combustion

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.02225
Retrieved Text: Regular cars, hybrid cars, plug-ins, electric cars, solar cars, and hydrogen fuel cells are some of the automotive technologies that continue to confuse people. You should note that the main difference is between a traditional combustion engine and modern methods of powering the engine. Recently, the traditional combustion engine and electric engine have been combined to create a hybrid system. The hybrid systems are designed to improve gas mileage, save on fuel consumption, and decrease pollution. However, all hybrids are not the same.
As you know, regular cars feature an internal combustion engine that was invented in the 19th century. Until recently, the engine used diesel fuel or gasoline obtained from fossil fuel. The engine burns the fuel that creates heat and expansion of gases causing the movement of pistons in an engine. Ideal combustion could form water and carbon dioxide as the byproducts. Unfortunately, you cannot achieve perfect combustion. Thus, the internal combustion engines also emit nitrogen oxide and carbon monoxide that cause air pollution. In this way, they contribute to global warming.
This type of engine combines the internal engine technology plus electric engine technology. In this case, the electric engine uses rechargeable batteries. The batteries are recharged by the car by plugging into the electricity grid. The good thing about hybrids is that they improve fuel efficiency and reduce tailpipe emissions and energy costs. Over time, it is estimated that the electric engine will replace the internal combustion engine that is less efficient, especially during startup.
In this case, the car combines electric engines and internal

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.78501
Retrieved Text: With Dyson recently announcing their surprise move into the electric vehicle market, it is clear the boom of electric cars is upon us. However, the technology behind these vehicles must continue to be refined to perfect the use for alternative applications, including commercial vehicles. Simone Bruckner, Director of Cressall, explains how energy captured through regenerative braking can be used effectively in commercial vehicles.
Traditional heavy-duty commercial vehicles such as trucks represent only seven percent of vehicles on the road, but account for over 25% of fuel consumption in the US. Legislation, such as the US global warming emissions and fuel efficiency standards for medium and heavy duty vehicles (M/HDV) exists to tackle this problem.
However, emissions will never be totally eliminated from an internal combustion engine. Another answer is to replace commercial vehicles powered by internal combustion, with electric counterparts.
Commercial vehicles such as vans, trucks and military vehicles are designed to have longer working lives than household cars. Zero-emission commercial electric vehicles can therefore make a much larger environmental impact per unit than the average electric family car.
A recent study revealed that short driving ranges and battery technology are two of the key factors stopping consumers purchasing electric vehicles. A lack of range due to energy storage capacity can cause considerable downtime for businesses operating a fleet of vehicles. This can prove incredibly costly and must be addressed if commercial electric vehicles are to be adopted more widely.
Improvements to battery technologies can be slow to hit the commercial market and are often extremely costly. Another option for increasing

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.780716
Retrieved Text: The engine is always referred to as the heart of a vehicle. It is connoted with the term heart because it is the most important part of a vehicle. An engine is a machine which converts energy to mechanical motion. It is the engine that converts the flow of a fluid into mechanical energy.
Most of the modern cars today are incorporated with an internal combustion engine. The internal combustion engine ignites a fuel along with an oxidizer in a combustion chamber. The high temperature and pressure produced by the combustion process directly applies force to the movable part of the engine which could be the piston or the turbine blades to generate mechanical energy or to enable the vehicle to move.
Car engines may differ in design but certain basic elements always remain the same.
Type of Fuel: The most common classification of an engine could be done on the basis of the fuel which it runs on. The two types of fuels that engines use to convert energy to mechanical work are gasoline and diesel oil. Recently a number of alternate fuels like electricity, ethanol, methanol, hydrogen, propane and natural gas are being considered due to the rising prices of gasoline and diesel.
Ignition System: The term ignition relates to the medium by which the fuel is converted to energy. There are two ways by which the fuel is ignited inside the car engine, spark ignition and compression ignition. Gasoline engines use spark ignition while diesel engines use compression ignition.
Block Geometry or Cylinder Arrangement: The cylinders of a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.82873
Retrieved Text: More commonly known as the Wankel engine a rotary engine is a type of internal combustion engine that uses a rotary design to convert pressure into a rotating motion. The engine was invented by German engineer Felix Wankel.
Mazda has used this technology in recent years and the 13B engine is still popular in the aftermarket world.
Perfect Power used to make the PRS (Pro Race System) a standalone to control rotary engines. This system is no longer made and our current Stand-Alone Units, the XMS4A, XMS4B and XMS4C don’t operate rotary engines.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.75354
Retrieved Text: What is LINEAR ALTERNATOR? What does LINEAR ALTERNATOR mean? LINEAR ALTERNATOR meaning.
A linear alternator is essentially a linear motor used as an electrical generator.
An alternator is a type of alternating current (AC) electrical generator. The devices are often physically equivalent. The principal difference is in how they are used and which direction the energy flows. An alternator converts mechanical energy to electrical energy, whereas a motor converts electrical energy to mechanical energy. Like most electric motors and electric generators, the linear alternator works by the principle of electromagnetic induction. However, most alternators work with rotary motion, whereas "linear" alternators work with "linear" motion (i.e. motion in a straight line).
When a magnet moves in relation to an electromagnetic coil, this changes the magnetic flux passing through the coil, and thus induces the flow of an electric current, which can be used to do work. A linear alternator is most commonly used to convert back-and-forth motion directly into electrical energy. This short-cut eliminates the need for a crank or linkage that would otherwise be required to convert a reciprocating motion to a rotary motion in order to be compatible with a rotary generator.
The simplest type of linear alternator is the Faraday Flashlight. This is a torch (UK) or flashlight (USA) which contains a coil and a permanent magnet. When the appliance is shaken back and forth, the magnet oscillates through the coil and induces an electric current. This current is used to charge a capacitor, thus storing energy for later use. The appliance can then produce light, usually

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.619236
Retrieved Text: A vehicle lighter than a Formula 1 racing car… Experiencing the adrenaline rush of carving through the canyons with up to three friendsâ€¦ Not using a drop of gasoline… Now just imagine if these dreams could be brought together in a single vehicle.
Tipping the scales at under 1,000 lbs. the Volvo Air Motion Concept makes these dreams a reality and delivers this in a beautiful Scandinavian body. Designed like a clam shell and sculptured from ultra light carbon fiber.
Minimizing weight and complexity, while maximizing driving enjoyment, is the philosophy behind this vehicle. Thousands of fewer components are employed than in a traditional car, thanks to the powerful, yet simple, compressed air motors that replace a heavy internal combustion engine. The motors cool down under load rather than heat up, thus removing the need for heavy cooling systems. An integrated approach to designing the chassis, interior and suspension also contribute significantly.
To compress the air needed for the centrally mounted air tank, Air Replenishment Sites are used. Powered by air turbines floating 1,000 ft. in the air, they harness the power of the wind and convert it to electricity to provide the compression.
Aimed at the driving enthusiast, by a company synonymous with safety and environmental care, the Volvo Air Motion demonstrates the beauty and purity of Scandinavian design and delivers a guilt-free, raw driving experience.
Introducing a new form of exhilaration. The Volvo Air Motion Canyon Carver.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.93968
Retrieved Text: How Does an Engine Work?
What are the four phases of the combustion cycle?
Today’s Wonder of the Day was inspired by Eddie. Eddie Wonders, “how does an engine work on a car” Thanks for WONDERing with us, Eddie!
You already know starting a car is as easy as turning a key, but have you ever wondered what really happens under the hood?
When your body needs fuel, you feed it food. When your car needs fuel, you “feed" it gasoline. Just like your body converts food into energy, a car engine converts gas into motion. Some newer cars, known as hybrids, also use electricity from batteries to help propel a vehicle.
The process of converting gasoline into motion is called "internal combustion." Internal combustion engines use small, controlled explosions to generate the power needed to move your car all the places it needs to go.
If you create an explosion in a tiny, enclosed space, such as a piston in an engine, a huge amount of energy is released as expanding gas. A typical car engine creates such explosions hundreds of times per minute. The engine harnesses the energy and uses it to propel your car.
The explosions force pistons in the engine to move. When the energy from the first explosion has almost run out, another explosion occurs. This forces the pistons to move again. The cycle continues again and again, giving the car the power needed to run.
Car engines use a four-stroke combustion cycle. The four strokes are intake, compression, combustion, and exhaust. The strokes are repeated over and over,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.780922
Retrieved Text: The appliance has an ultra high level of energy efficiency (90%). The Inspirit Charger is a floor standing appliance suitable for installation in a plant room, garage or utility room. It can be installed as a stand-alone appliance or as the lead appliance in an existing plant room. Multiple Inspirit Charger units can be installed in sequence, or “cascade” arrangement, with a suitable sequence controller to provide fully load matched operation and optimal utilisation.
The Inspirit Charger 3.0 will provide a peak electrical power output of 3kW and heat output of 15kW. The Inspirit Charger 2.0 will provide a peak electrical power output of 2kW and heat output of 10kW. Both can be boosted with the addition of a thermal store.
The Inspirit Charger reduces dependence on grid supply through on-site local generation. A single Inspirit Charger saves up to 4 tonnes of CO2 emissions per year. With the added potential in the UK to benefit from Feed-in Tariffs, the Inspirit Charger makes perfect economic and environmental sense.
The Inspirit Charger has been developed over a number of years and is based upon a patented kinematic Stirling engine generator module. The Stirling engine, a virtually frictionless system powered by gas burner heat, drives a generator to produce up to 3kW of mains voltage electricity and is capable of exporting this electricity back to the utility grid via the UK’s G83 connection protocol.
Unlike an internal combustion engine where combustion takes place inside the cylinder, Stirling engines are “external combustion engines” operating at high efficiencies. The cycle is sealed and contains

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.675117
Retrieved Text: Biodiesel and straight vegetable oil (SVO) are not the same thing. They are two different substances that will both serve as a fuel in a diesel engine. When you are shopping for your diesel vehicle, please be aware that you do NOT have to “convert” or modify a diesel car to run on BIODIESEL. SVO, however, does require modifications or "conversion kits", usually involving heaters, to run safely in a diesel engine.
Biodiesel is made from vegetable oil to be thinner than vegetable oil so it will flow in the fuel lines more easily than SVO and can run in any stock diesel engine without any modifications or “conversions” to the vehicle. Biodiesel is made from vegetable oil by chemically "thinning" the vegetable oil into a new substance which has similar flow characteristics to conventional petroleum diesel.
If you want to run your diesel vehicle on SVO, that DOES require modifications or converting the vehicle to deal with the flow and combustion problems caused from the thickness of vegetable oil, especially in cooler temperatures. The conversion usually involves adding heating devises at locations along the fuel system to heat the oil to thin it so it will flow smoothly and ignite properly in the engine.
Biodiesel is already thinned enough to run in any diesel vehicle without any conversions or heaters added to the vehicle.
Contact the blog host, Steve Bash, for info on SVO and conversions.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.3998
Retrieved Text: The hybrid drive combines the combustion engine with an electric motor. Readiness for start of production of the first vehicles with hybrid drive is the result of the perfect combination of the very latest technologies. Thanks to the interplay of the very latest system components, it has been possible to integrate the hybrid drive into production vehicles for everyday use with impressive distance coverage and high efficiency.
The electric machine is the linchpin of a modern vehicle with hybrid drive. It has two functions. As a motor, it provides the electric drive for the vehicle. As a generator, it helps to convert kinetic energy from the braking process into electrical energy.
The power electronics, also known as the inverter, provides the link between the battery and the electric machine. It converts the direct voltage from the high-voltage battery into an alternating voltage needed to run the electric machine.
With conventional brakes, the kinetic energy from the vehicle generated from the fuel upstream is converted into heat and lost. The cooperative regenerative braking system ensures that as much braking energy as possible is recovered and stored as electrical energy. The generator is used to decelerate the vehicle. The conventional wheel brakes are only applied if the braking requirement exceeds the deceleration potential of the generator. As such the cooperative regenerative braking system meets the same safety requirements as conventional braking systems.
The high-voltage battery supplies electrical energy to the electric machine during electric driving. When driving with the combustion engine and during regenerative braking, the battery is charged by the electric

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.248043
Retrieved Text: Technology has progressed so much that it seems almost impossible that we could keep up learning even about the devices we use every day, such as our car. However, if we take it slow, piece by piece, we can learn this stuff without too much trouble. To help you with that, we’ve gone over one of your car’s lesser known, but important, parts: the catalytic converter.
3 noxious byproducts of your internal combustion engine get produced each time you drive. These include carbon monoxide, hydrocarbons and nitrogen oxides. All of these 3 things can prove harmful to both your person and the ecosystem.
What does it do about these byproducts?
Your catalytic converter uses something called a catalyst (usually platinum or palladium) to convert these byproducts into less harmful chemicals; it turns carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons into carbon dioxide and nitrogen oxides into nitrogen and oxygen.
Did you find this article informative? We hope so. If you need auto repair services in Venice, Rolling Auto can help. Remember, we’ll come to you! To find out more, give us a call at (941) 493-6511.
Posted in Uncategorized on April 14, 2015 at 9:15 pm by Rolling Auto Service.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.092453
Retrieved Text: Here are some items that we have found cause piston failure. please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or need more information.
If you own a Mini Cooper N14 you may have read or heard of the myth that N14 engine has a weak engine or a piston cracking issue. We personally don't agree with everyone's opinion that the internals on the N14 are week. it is a miss understanding due to a lack of knowledge of the MCS engine, turbocharger, and emissions system. I am not saying that they do not understand the engine they just don't have a full understanding of the entire system and how it works together. If you understand the actual issue you will be able to keep your car running longer and at higher boost pressures without these type of problems.
First there are two main problems (and we are not talking about the fuel pump or timing chain guide issues) with the N14 that has lead to the myth that the N14 engine has bad pistons or is week. The first issue is the rear crank case ventilation. As you may know due to the design of the rear crank case ventilation system on the Mini Cooper N14 07 to 10 (or to 12 for the JCW) the engine is susceptible to pre-ignition (knock). This engine has a rear crank case ventilation system that vents right into the combustion chamber directly through the intake. This is absolutely the worst place ever to vent hot oil vapors on

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.06761
Retrieved Text: 4 ‐ Exhaust These include measurements for total displacement (volume) of cylinders and components, bore, rod length, stroke, and ratios commonly used in performance tuning. The Engine calculator provides useful formulas and equations used in performance engine tuning including the calculation of key ratios and volumes. This page also include general information on combustion engines.
Piston Position: Computes the Piston Position based on the crank angle, crank radius, and rod length.
Piston Speed:Piston Speed (mean) based on stroke length and RPMs.
An internal combustion engine (ICE) is an engine where the combustion of a fuel occurs with an oxidizer (usually air) in a combustion chamber that is an integral part of the working fluid flow circuit. In an internal combustion engine the expansion of the high-temperature and high-pressure gases produced by combustion apply direct force to some component of the engine. The force is applied typically to pistons, turbine blades, or a nozzle. This force moves the component over a distance, transforming chemical energy into useful mechanical energy. The first commercially successful internal combustion engine was created by Étienne Lenoir around 1859.
Internal combustion engines are quite different from external combustion engines, such as steam or Stirling engines, in which the energy is delivered to a working fluid not consisting of, mixed with, or contaminated by combustion products. Working fluids can be air, hot water, pressurized water or even liquid sodium, heated in a boiler. ICEs are usually powered by energy-dense fuels such as gasoline or diesel, liquids derived from fossil fuels. While there are many stationary applications, most ICEs

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.909534
Retrieved Text: The engine’s ability to convert energy into mechanical motion relies on precise timing. Once the air and fuel enter the combustion chamber, they must be ignited at exactly the right moment. A vehicle’s ignition system is responsible for sensing the engine’s position and providing a high energy spark at precisely the right instant. The process begins with the crankshaft sensor, a device that senses the speed and position of the crankshaft and sends the resulting information to the Engine Control Unit (ECU). Subsequently, the ECU interprets the signal and directs the ignition coil to send a high voltage to the spark plug, igniting the fuel/air mixture in the combustion chamber. If any of the ignition components are malfunctioning, the spark will not be timed properly, and the engine will not be able to start. If your engine feels like it is running rough, surging, stalling, bucks or if you notice a decrease in fuel economy, you might be experiencing ignition problems. Tri Star Automotive has the state of the art equipment and expert technicians to fix any issues with your ignition. Come by our service and repair center, located in Tyrone, GA, and we’ll put our years of experience and knowledge to work on your ignition!
A vehicle’s engine functions by converting energy from the combustion of fuel and air into mechanical motion. In order for this to occur, the fuel/air mixture must be ignited at exactly the right moment. That’s where the ignition system comes in. During the ignition process, power from the vehicle’s battery is

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.742203
Retrieved Text: In a diesel or compression ignition engine, the first and major difference compared to a spark ignition engine is the way that fuel and air is prepared for combustion, also, the way combustion is initiated.
Diesel engines induce air only during the intake stroke - the air charge is compressed in the cylinder, heating it accordingly, the final temperature at the end of the compression stroke is above the self ignition temperature of the fuel and this factor is essential, as this initiates the combustion event when the fuel meets with the hot air. The advantage of compressing air only is that we don't have to consider self ignition of any fuel/air during compression (as per gasoline engine) as at this point in the engine cycle, there is no fuel to burn! The combustion process is quite different to the gasoline engine, the timing and rate of combustion is controlled via the introduction of fuel into the cylinder (via the fuel injection system). The combustion process itself takes place at the interface between the fuel and air. Therefore, sufficient air motion in the cylinder (generally swirl in a diesel engine) is essential to sweep away the products of combustion, ensuring that the fuel charge always has sufficient oxygen at the flame interface to prevent to formation of soot due to localised oxygen starvation.
The overall volume of the combustion chamber itself has a variable air/fuel ratio during operation, that is only chemically correct at the fuel to air interface. In most operating conditions, the average air/fuel ratio in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.716354
Retrieved Text: Steam-powered cars, like these vintage Stanley Steamers, are good examples of an external combustion engine being used to power an automobile.
Most cars, now and historically, operate on internal combustion engines, a type of engine in which the heating and cooling happens within the engine's structure. The external combustion engine, then, is an engine that's designed with external heating and cooling functions in order to work. It sounds kind of impractical, but it's actually quite efficient. And at least two distinct types of external combustion engines have been used in cars: the steam engine and the Stirling engine.
The steam engine was first seen in machinery, such as trains and farm equipment, and under those heavy-duty loads, the noble steam engine was able to prove itself road-worthy enough to power an automobile. Once a steam engine comes up to full heat, it provides consistent pressure. In practical terms, that means the car can be driven without the need for a geared transmission. One example, the Stanley Rocket, was able to achieve speeds up to 127 miles per hour (204.4 kilometers per hour)—and this was in 1906! Steam-powered cars retained their popularity even after internal combustion engine technology was on the rise, in part because, at the time, a car powered by an internal combustion engine needed to be hand-cranked, which was difficult and often dangerous. The electric starters that we use today hadn't been invented yet. Around the time Ford's Model T was launched, new electric components were beginning to make cars much more convenient. Cost was a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.699146
Retrieved Text: In thermodynamics and engineering, a heat engine is a system that converts heat or thermal energy—and chemical energy—to mechanical energy, which can then be used to do mechanical work. It does this by bringing a working substance from a higher state temperature to a lower state temperature. A heat source generates thermal energy that brings the working substance to the high temperature state. The working substance generates work in the working body of the engine while transferring heat to the colder sink until it reaches a low temperature state. During this process some of the thermal energy is converted into work by exploiting the properties of the working substance. The working substance can be any system with a non-zero heat capacity, but it usually is a gas or liquid. During this process, a lot of heat is lost to the surroundings and so cannot be converted to work.
In general an engine converts energy to mechanical work. Heat engines distinguish themselves from other types of engines by the fact that their efficiency is fundamentally limited by Carnot's theorem. Although this efficiency limitation can be a drawback, an advantage of heat engines is that most forms of energy can be easily converted to heat by processes like exothermic reactions (such as combustion), absorption of light or energetic particles, friction, dissipation and resistance. Since the heat source that supplies thermal energy to the engine can thus be powered by virtually any kind of energy, heat engines are very versatile and have a wide range of applicability.
Heat engines are often

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.499355
Retrieved Text: Why your diesel engine without effort?
Many are just exposed to diesel novice friends will have such a question: why my car speed is very slow or feel the speed? Why my car climbing of the boring? Why my car at a load supported on the ground in time, the feeling is very difficult?
First of all, we say " Jin ", with professional terminology is called "torque ", torque and rotational speed of the product is of locomotive power. Popular speaking representative of the power car in unit time workload.
These problems, due to not fully burning diesel oil. This not only makes the car does not have enough power, it makes the oil expense too high. Then, oil, where to go?
After many experiments are summarized; the hand may combustion is not fully or not complete combustion, oil is discharged, it can usually be seen in exhaust smoke; on the other hand, part of the heat energy is not converted into mechanical energy, thermal energy through the body sends out, a hot car charge oil. There is a road, for complex or drivers driving habits, the taxi did not glide and frequent brake, so that the mechanical energy into heat and friction and dissipation. Such, can be summed up as fuel is burning efficiency, heat conversion efficiency, efficiency of driving three reasons.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.431942
Retrieved Text: This adaptive thermal engine achieve variation of the displacement and / or the compression ratio to assure optimum combustion conditions and providing power to the load adaptation engine, with direct implications on growth power and reduced consumption.
Advantages of this new technology refer to a continuously / infinitely Variable Compression Ratio & Variable Displacement mechanism that offers a compression-ratio range from less than 7:1 to more than 20:1 and/or variable displacement in range 0-100%; ensure optimum combustion conditions and adapting to charge power engine, with direct implications on growth power and reduce consumption and the possibility of using different fuels (gasoline, ethanol, hydrogen, diesel, bio-diesel and other yet non-invented). For variation of compression ratio the decrease of the consumption is 30 – 40 % and for variation of displacement is estimated a specifically decrease of consumption with 60-80%.
This engine is a multi-link type, in many realization versions, which provide new technical solutions for variable compression ratio and displacement, quasi-linear guidance of the foot rod in order to decrease the pressure on the sidewall of the piston side of cylinder, easy setup, reliable and synchronous for poly-cylindrical applications and good dynamic equilibrium.
This engine may be utilized where any internal combustion engine is currently in place, but in particular the automotive and truck marketplace, both for new cars as well as existing ones, by changing the car propeller.
The rapid introduction of new technologies in automotive/transportation is essential because of fossil fuels reduction. In the context of the current oil crisis, given that electric drive is still an ideal nice

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.40985
Retrieved Text: The cylinder head sits atop the Cylinders and consists of a platform containing part of the combustion chamber and the location of the valves and spark plugs.
the cylinder head is a key to the performance of the internal combustion engine,as the shape of the combustion chamber,inlet passage and ports determines a major portion of the volumetric efficiency and compression ratio of the engine.
these are usually made of grey Cast-Iron and aluminium.
these heads are suitable for wet-sleeved and non-sleeved engines.these materials provide specific uses like heat conductivity,low weight for aluminium heads.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.93774
Retrieved Text: The most effective way to ensure long life for your vehicle's engine is to change the engine oil frequently. Keeping the oil in good condition is critical because it reduces the amount of friction on the engine's moving metal parts, preventing them from overheating.
Get advice about how to care for your car from the experts at AAA. Our library of kotexts, many drawn from AAA's "Making Sense of Car Care" booklet, covers everything from tune-ups to tire treads.
The AA is South Africa's leading motoring organisation. For real roadside assistance 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
It's the reason you can put the pedal to the metal and go from zero to 60 in about 8 seconds. The car engine is a piece of engineering genius and one of the most amazing machines we use on a daily basis. Learn how the four-stroke internal combustion engine works!
A car engine produces so much heat that there is an entire system in your car designed to cool the engine down to its ideal temperature. In fact, the cooling system on a car driving down the freeway dissipates enough heat to heat two average-sized houses! Learn all about fluid-based cooling systems.
Without petrol, the world as we know it would grind to a screeching halt. The U.S. alone consumes well over a hundred billion gallons of petrol per year. Learn all about this vital fuel.
What Is The Difference Between Petrol, Kerosene, Diesel Fuel, Etc.?
A recent fire at a Staten Island oil refinery pumped clouds of black smoke into the New

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.914497
Retrieved Text: Efficient engine designs that better utilize fuel than the conventional internal-combustion engine.
Directory:Massive Yet Tiny (MYT) Engine - Internal combustion engine features multiple firings in one cycle to give 40 times higher power to weight ratio, low parts count, low maintenance, high mechanical efficiency, and low pollution.
Directory:Green Steam Engine - Advantages of invention by Robert Green (US 6647813) include: the ability to run on very low steam pressure and volume, inexpensive to build, few moving parts with low lubrication requirement, lightweight. Site includes instructions on how to build it.
PowerPedia:Quasiturbine - This four-chamber Wankel-like engine is capable of burning fuel using photo-detonation, an optimal combustion type. The design can also be used as an air motor, steam engine, gas compressor, hot air engine, or pump.
Directory:Gun Engine - Canadian inventor, Kazimierz Holubowicz, has come up with an environmentally friendly and transmission-free engine based on the same mechanics as how a bullet is shot from a gun. Initial test results showed 92% efficiency.
Directory:W2 Energy Inc - Imagine a gasoline and diesel source that is CO2 neutral, sulfur-free, derived from renewable sources, superior in its power performance to fossil-based fuels, and costs less than 1/7 of fossil-based fuels. The company has also built an engine to optimize use of the syngas portion of the product.
Directory:Scuderi Split-Cycle Air Hybrid Engine - Claims potential to double fuel efficiency for same size engine, while reducing the manufacturing price by 50%. Because it is very similar to existing ICE technology, existing manufacturing infrastructure can be used for rapid deployment. Presently licensing to qualified manufacturing interests.
Directory:Atkinson-Cycle

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.8973
Retrieved Text: For the big jobs, take your vehicle to River City Auto & Transmission! Our expert services are ideal whether you have a late model import or newer domestic vehicle. And because we guarantee the work we perform, you can rest assured you are receiving the highest quality engine overhaul and replacement services in the Walker, MI 49534 area.
A cylinder block is the powerhouse for the motor vehicle. The solid cast car part houses the cylinders and their components (gaskets, valves, and seals) inside a lubricated and cooled crankcase. Since it is one of the most important parts of your car, the block is designed to be extremely strong and sturdy. Although strong and sturdy, the block is susceptible to failure resulting in a vehicle that won't start. Cracked blocks, porous blocks, core plug, or freeze plug failure are some of the problems facing cylinder blocks. Call 616-453-2990 to talk to the mechanics of River City Auto & Transmission about your cylinder block problems.
A cylinder head is the closed end of a cylinder (located in a car's engine block). It sits above the cylinder block, closing the top of the cylinder and forming the combustion chamber. The cylinder head coordinates airflow in and out of the engine. Since the cylinder head's chief function is to seal the cylinders properly, insufficient compression results in the car being difficult to drive. To have your cylinder head checked and repaired, talk to River City Auto & Transmission's cylinder head repair and reconditioning specialists today.
Any car part manufacturer will tell you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.842766
Retrieved Text: The head gasket is a ringed panel that is placed between the cylinder head and engine block. The head gasket is put in place as a barrier that prevents engine fluids from leaking into the cylinders. Also, it is among the most vital components in the combustion chamber. In addition to serving as a barrier to the cylinder, the head gasket blocks off conduits to the oil and water.
Since it’s between hot and cold engine components, the head gasket faces a full range of temperatures. This ranges from the high heat of the combustion chamber to the often cold temperatures of the cooling system. As the impacts of temperature changes take their toll over time, the head gasket can ultimately bear marks along the surface. Leaks do often develop along this crucial area. If the problem worsens, the gasket can blow. If an issue comes up, make sure to contact us. That way we can inspect the vehicle for you.
Several things can cause a blown head gasket. This could be anything from the coolant system to the combustion chamber could be responsible. In certain cases, a symptom might show due to multiple failures within the engine. Overheating could be caused by a restricted radiator, which can get worse the farther you drive along. Coolant in the oil, usually blamed on head gaskets, could actually be due to problems with the intake gasket. Symptoms such as these may or may not be due to the head gasket.
Some ignore blown head gasket symptoms due to the costs that

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.83486
Retrieved Text: You have undoubtedly seen one of the hybrid cars on the road. You probably heard that they are unlike any other fossil fuel or electric car. They are sort of both.
If you owned one of these hybrid cars, you would put gasoline into it, just like you do for your regular car. You would not have to recharge it, like an electric car. Still, your hybrid car would be capable of using half the gasoline that your regular car does for the same trip! How is that possible? The secret is in the braking.
When you step on your brakes, what happens? The car slows down because two metal blocks in your wheels rub together. This friction-based braking produces a lot of heat; just like the palms of your hands get warm when you rub them together rapidly. This heat is basically wasted energy. Hybrid cars have a more intelligent braking system, so called regenerative braking. Instead of wasting the heat energy, they transfer it to an electrical generator and battery (and hence self-charge), or a fly-wheel and store it for later use. The onboard computer then calculates the best time to use this stored energy and reduce combustion engine use. Thus a hybrid car drives on combustion engine only part of the time. This switch between combustion engine and electric motor power is in most cases so seamless that you don't even notice it. This concept is ingenious and environment-friendly.

================



======= Instance Index 147 =========
Input Text: The next moon phase after a solar eclipse is

Which is the correct answer?
- first quarter
- full moon
- third quarter
- super moon

Target Text: first quarter

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 46.699986
Retrieved Text: eastward relative to the horizon.
westward relative to the horizon.
eastward among the background stars.
westward among the background stars.
An eclipse of the Sun can only occur at what phase?
An eclipse of the Moon can only occur at what phase?
At what phase is the Moon visible all night, from sundown to sunup?
All phases are visible all night.
Around what phase would it be best to observe faint sky objects all night long without interference from moonlight?
There is no time when the moon doesn't appear at night.
If New Moon occurs on October 1, around what date will Full Moon occur?
If Last Quarter occurs on June 14, the Moon will be at what phase around June 22?
If First Quarter occurs on May 7, the Moon will be at what phase around May 22?
If Full Moon occurs on January 14, the Moon will be at what phase around February 12?
Looking at your calendar, you discover that today the Moon is at First Quarter. At sunset, where should you look for the Moon?
Looking at your calendar, you find out when Last Quarter will occur. When will it rise?
The moon revolves around the earth every 29.5 days.
The relative angle between the moon and the sun cause it to appear in different phases.
They do, that's what causes the phases of the moon.
The moon's orbit is tilted with respect to the ecliptic.
How often can we expect an eclipse of the Moon?
A solar eclipse occured in February. When will the next solar eclipse occur?
March of the same year.
March of the next year.
August of the same year.
Eclipses can not

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.702076
Retrieved Text: Eclipses occur when the sun or moon, depending on the situation, is obscured. Sometimes these eclipses are total and sometimes they are partial.
Astronomers use many terms to describe what happens during an eclipse, and this glossary shows some of the more common things they say. This glossary is based upon descriptions from NASA and the Canadian Space Agency.
Annular eclipse: A "ring of fire" solar eclipse that happens when the moon's size (as seen from Earth) is not quite big enough to cover the entire sun. This happens when the moon is at apogee, or the closest approach to Earth in its orbit.
Contacts: The four points of contact that happen during an eclipse. First contact takes place when the partial phase of the eclipse begins. Second contact takes place when a total or annular phase begins. Third contact takes place when the total or annular phase ends. Fourth contact takes place when the partial phase ends.
Corona: The tenuous upper atmosphere of the sun that is usually only visible if you use special filters while observing the sun. During a solar eclipse, however, the corona is visible because the moon blots the sun's disc out from the perspective of Earth.
Photographer CJ Armitage of Brisbane, Australia captured this stunning view of the sunset solar eclipse on April 29, 2014 during the first solar eclipse of the year. A partial solar eclipse was visible from most of Australia during the event, with an annular solar eclipse occurring over a remote area in Antarctica.
Eclipse magnitude: During a solar eclipse, this describes

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.016624
Retrieved Text: Is the December 26, 2019 Solar Eclipse visible from Hyderabad, India?
Solar Eclipse of December 26, 2019 in Hyderabad, India will be visible as a ? eclipse. ? percent of the Sun will be covered by the Moon. The show begins with partial phase of the eclipse (the Moon starts to touch the Sun's edge) at ? of the local time and ends at ?. Maximum phase of the solar eclipse takes place at ?. Magnitude (fraction of the Sun's diameter covered) is ?
Annular phase of the Solar Eclipse (the Moon covers the Sun center) begins in Hyderabad, India at ? and finishes at ? of the local time. Duration of the annular eclipse will take ?.
See more information about December 26, 2019 solar eclipse in Hyderabad, India in the tables below.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.902622
Retrieved Text: Is the December 26, 2019 Solar Eclipse visible from Kolkata, India?
Solar Eclipse of December 26, 2019 in Kolkata, India will be visible as a ? eclipse. ? percent of the Sun will be covered by the Moon. The show begins with partial phase of the eclipse (the Moon starts to touch the Sun's edge) at ? of the local time and ends at ?. Maximum phase of the solar eclipse takes place at ?. Magnitude (fraction of the Sun's diameter covered) is ?
Annular phase of the Solar Eclipse (the Moon covers the Sun center) begins in Kolkata, India at ? and finishes at ? of the local time. Duration of the annular eclipse will take ?.
See more information about December 26, 2019 solar eclipse in Kolkata, India in the tables below.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.80305
Retrieved Text: Find out what totality in 2017 will be like with this video. The video below is a 360° 4K experience of the 2016 total solar eclipse in Indonesia. Best viewed on 360° devices such as Oculus Rift or via mobile devices with google cardboard or equivalent.
The final eclipse before the Great American Eclipse is a partial lunar eclipse (eclipse of the Moon) which can be seen from most parts of South and East Asia, Europe, Africa and Australia. Below is a map illustrating where the eclipse will happen as viewed from the Earth.
*Adjust time/day depending on your time zone. Add 1 hour for British Summer Time. Note: This eclipse will more or less be over before the Moon rises in Western Europe.
The final solar eclipse before the Great American Eclipse occurs on Sunday, February 26, 2017. This will be an annular solar eclipse, sometimes referred to as the ‘Ring of Fire’. This happens because on this date, the Moon appears slightly smaller than the Sun in the sky. Therefore, the Moon cannot obstruct all of the Sun’s disc during this eclipse. The annular phase of the eclipse will be visible from a narrow corridor that begins in the southern Pacific Ocean, hitting landfall in southern Chile then through southern Argentina. The path of the partial shadow then spends the next couple of hours crossing the Atlantic Ocean. The next country to witness annularity will be Angola, Africa where the eclipse will be visible in the evening towards sunset. The final stages of the eclipse occur in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.937344
Retrieved Text: The Only Moon Phase That Can Produce A Solar Eclipse Is?
Why Do USB Cables Feature Longer Outer Pins?
Every month our Moon goes through a variety of phases from the full moon that poets, playwrights, and songwriters have written of so fondly over the years to the inky black new moon that hides its face from the world down below.
While the new moon might not be much to look at during most months, if you look at the right time, you can see something spectacular that can only exist during a new moon: a solar eclipse. Unlike a lunar eclipse where a full moon passes into the shadow of the Earth, temporarily appearing to be darker and reddish colored, a solar eclipse only occurs when an actual new moon passes between the Earth and the Sun.
Despite the belief that solar eclipses are more rare than lunar eclipses, it’s not true: somewhere on Earth approximately two of each are seen each year. One reason, however, that solar eclipses feel so rare is because they are visible from a much smaller part of the Earth than a lunar eclipse. Because of the geometry of the Moon’s inclined orbit (more than 5 degrees) compared to the Earth’s orbit around the Sun and the distance between us and the Moon during the course of its elliptical orbit, a solar eclipse is only visible to people on Earth in a band roughly 300 miles wide. Further, only a fraction of the people in that band will be able to see a total

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.94226
Retrieved Text: What Is a Hybrid Eclipse?
What Is a Hybrid Solar Eclipse?
A hybrid eclipse is a rare type of solar eclipse that changes its appearance as the Moon's shadow moves across the Earth's surface.
Sun, Moon, and Earth during a hybrid eclipse.
The distance between the Moon and the Earth has to be just right to create a hybrid solar eclipse.
A hybrid eclipse is a type of solar eclipse that looks like an annular solar eclipse or a total solar eclipse, depending on the observer's location along the central eclipse path.
During a hybrid solar eclipse, the Earth's curvature brings some sections of the eclipse path into the Moon's umbra, the darkest part of its shadow that creates total solar eclipses, while other areas remain outside the umbra's reach, causing an annular eclipse.
Total, partial, and annular solar eclipse.
A hybrid eclipse look like a total solar eclipse in some areas while others see an annular eclipse. Outside the central shadow's path, the Sun appears partially eclipsed.
The Moon's umbra, the shadow's dark central portion, causes total solar eclipses, where the Moon appears a little larger than the Sun and covers it completely.
The penumbra, the lighter outer part of the shadow, creates partial solar eclipses. Here, the Moon obscures only a part of the Sun's disk.
The antumbra, a half-shadow that begins where the umbra ends, results in annular solar eclipses. During this type of eclipse, the Moon looks a little smaller than the Sun, so the edge of the Sun's disk remains visible around the Moon.
Why are there three shadows?
Hybrid solar eclipses involve all

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.55249
Retrieved Text: A supermoon is seen during a lunar eclipse in Colorado in 2015.
A lunar eclipse is rare and only occurs when the Earth, moon, and sun all line up.
Unlike last year's solar eclipse, this eclipse will be safe to watch without special glasses.
The best way to take pictures of the phenomenon on your phone is through a telescope.
You could be forgiven for thinking that America is suddenly experiencing lots of eclipses, but what will happen in the early hours of January 31 will be nothing like August's total solar eclipse in the U.S.
While that event lasted just a few minutes and had to be viewed mostly through special safety glasses, the total lunar eclipse happening on Wednesday will last for hours, and be completely safe to watch.
It's being billed as a Super Blue Blood Moon Eclipse. A supermoon is when our satellite is slightly closer to Earth than usual in its orbit, which results in a slightly larger and brighter moon — about 14% larger. Since the moon is so small in the night sky, that size difference will be difficult to appreciate.
It's the same with a Blue Moon, which is purely a human construct. It has to do with how many full moons there are in one calendar month or astronomical season — and no, the moon won't turn blue. Nor will the eclipsed moon turn blood red, but will instead transforming into ever-changing reddish hues of pink, copper, brown and copper. This is the real majesty of a total lunar eclipse.
A solar eclipse, pictured here,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.536743
Retrieved Text: In a solar eclipse, the sun is blocked from view on Earth by the moon.
A solar eclipse is a celestial event in which the Sun is obscured by the moon. For viewers on certain parts of the Earth, the Sun may appear to completely or partially disappear. Before the mechanism of solar eclipses was understood, a great deal of superstition and mythology surrounded them. Historical documentations of solar eclipses indicate that people greeted them with fear and awe, especially when the sun was totally eclipsed.
Put simply, an eclipse happens when the moon gets between the Earth and the Sun. The moon casts a shadow on a certain section of the Earth, and while that section is in the moon's shadow, the sun appears to vanish. Typically, an eclipse of the sun will not last for more than around seven minutes, as the various astronomical bodies involved move out of alignment very quickly. Eclipses will also not strike the same place twice within 300 years, as a general rule.
In order for a solar eclipse to occur, several conditions must be satisfied. First, the moon must be in the phase known as a new moon, meaning that it is not visible in the sky. The new moon happens once a month, when the moon is between the Earth and the Sun, so that the illuminated portion of the moon faces away from Earth. The moon must also be at an angle which will intercept the sun, which is why solar eclipses are not observed on a monthly basis.
A

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.36832
Retrieved Text: The Moon is in Sagittarius today, just past its last quarter phase and now moving toward the waning crescent. The New Moon next week will be a solar eclipse in the sign of Pisces, and it will create a t-square in the mutable signs, between, Jupiter, Mars, Saturn, Neptune, Mercury, and the Sun and Moon.
One thing to note about this upcoming eclipse is the subject of mutability. Mutable signs, also called bi-corporeal or double bodied, feature constellations with two images. Gemini is the twins, Virgo is the harvest maiden and the bird (or angel wings), Sagittarius is the horse and man, and Pisces the two fish. As all signs come between the firmest qualities of a season (fixed signs) and the initiating qualities of the next season (cardinal signs), they are also called "common signs." They feature both a kind of dualism as well as an inherent flexibility.
With six of the traditional planets and one of the outer planets involved in next week's eclipse, we have rapidly approaching what looks like a very dynamic moon cycle. Saturn will turn retrograde after the Full Moon, and Mars will start to slow down to station shortly after. So it's likely that there are many fluid and unexpected changing (and probably challenging) circumstances over the next month. The kinds of changes that are both potentially disturbing or difficult but also easily integrated or adapted to on the fly.
* How we fight for a cause, divisive and angry, peaceful and patient, is one really better than the other?
* Politics and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.24906
Retrieved Text: There was a video of the annular solar Eclipse.
Today, February 26, residents of Chile, Argentina and other countries of the southern hemisphere can observe a rare solar Eclipse. It started at 16:53 Moscow time, but on the territory of South America.
It is reported by Slooh on YouTube.
It is reported that the peak of the Eclipse will be in the coordinates 34,7 th.sh. 31,2 out.d., the Eclipse duration is 44 seconds, the width of the shadow of the moon on the Earth’s surface to 31 km.
When the annular Eclipse can be seen as the Moon passes over the solar disk.
Since the satellite of the Earth less than the sun in diameter, he can’t hide it completely. In the maximum phase of the Eclipse the Sun closed the Moon, but the moon can be seen bright ring uncovered part of the solar disk.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.92127
Retrieved Text: Also in April 23th April 23, all at 13º cardinal signs will form The Cardinal Grand Cross.The Grand Cross stays within orb until May 1, overlapping the Solar Eclipse at 8º Taurus on April 29. It will fall on Hamal, the flaming hot star in the Ram. The Solar Eclipse will sextile Neptune and square Black Moon Lilith making a nice mystical learning triangle.
April 29 - New Moon. The Moon will be directly between the Earth and the Sun and will not be visible from Earth. This phase occurs at 06:14 UTC. This is the best time of the month to observe faint objects such as galaxies and star clusters because there is no moonlight to interfere.
April 29 - Annular Solar Eclipse. An annular solar eclipse occurs when the Moon is too far away from the Earth to completely cover the Sun. This results in a ring of light around the darkened Moon. The Sun's corona is not visible during an annular eclipse. The path of the eclipse will begin off the coast of South Africa and move across Antarctica and into the east coast of Australia. (NASA Map and Eclipse Information).
May 5, 6 - Eta Aquarids Meteor Shower. The Eta Aquarids is an above average shower, capable of producing up to 60 meteors per hour at its peak. Most of the activity is seen in the Southern Hemisphere. In the Northern Hemisphere, the rate can reach about 30 meteors per hour. It is produced by dust particles left behind by comet Halley, which has known

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.906254
Retrieved Text: The United States will experience a total solar eclipse Monday afternoon beginning around 1:13 p.m., peaking at 2:42 p.m. and ending at 4:04 p.m. A solar eclipse is when the moon is in the new moon phase and travels between the earth and the sun. As the moon moves between the earth and the sun, the shadow blocks all or a portion of the sun’s light resulting in the sky becoming increasingly dark. This is the first total solar eclipse to cross the country in 99 years.
While the total phase of the eclipse will not be visible in Guilford County, experts predict that the sky in our area will appear as it does at dusk rather than the normal, mid-afternoon sunlight. Do not look at the partially eclipsed sun without special eclipse glasses or solar filters. It is unsafe to look directly at the sun and can cause severe damage to your eyes.
Similarly, it is dangerous to look at the sun through the unfiltered lens of a camera, telescope, binoculars and any other optical devices. Do not look at the sun through a camera, telescope, binoculars or other optical devices while using eclipse glasses or hand-held solar viewers as the concentrated solar rays will damage the filter and enter your eye(s) causing serious injury.
If you have to be outdoors or if you must drive during the solar eclipse, you are encouraged to exercise caution.
For additional information and directions on how to safely view the solar eclipse visit the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s (NASA) website.
The departments

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.82112
Retrieved Text: On Monday, August 21st, observers in the continental United States will experience a total solar eclipse for the first time since 1979! A total solar eclipse occurs during the New moon phase, in which the Moon passes directly in front of the Sun, as seen from Earth. The Moon’s shadow creates a path of darkness on the surface of the Earth. We are fortunate that the size of the (much closer and smaller) Moon in the sky very closely matches that of the (much further and larger) Sun, so that when they do align, some locations on Earth will see the entire solar surface obscured.
If you’re wondering why we don’t have a solar eclipse every New moon (and, conversely, a lunar eclipse every Full moon), it’s because the orbit of the Moon around the Earth is tilted by 5 degrees with respect to the Sun’s path in the sky. The result is that solar eclipses are relatively rare, since the Moon can be slightly above or below the Sun in the sky, where no eclipse occurs.
You can get much more info about the Great Solar Eclipse of 2017 on the web by visiting NASA and Eclipse2017.org.
The APO will hold a free observing event on August 21st, from 12:30 to 4:00 pm – weather permitting, of course! We will have solar telescopes and eclipse glasses available for safe solar viewing. There will be educational materials, games and prizes as well. This will be an exciting event for the entire family, so wish for clear skies!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.464684
Retrieved Text: The lunar eclipse/super moon/full moon in Leo (phew, that is a lot of descriptors!) on January 20 PT and January 21 ET continues the accelerated astrological energies of 2019. This second eclipse in the series from the solar eclipse on January 5, will be visible from North and South America, Europe, and Western Africa. Though Earth casts its shadow on the moon for several hours, the maximum eclipse hour is 9:12 p.m. on Saturday for Pacific Coast and 12:12 a.m. for East Coast. The moon is “super” because it is closest to the Earth and looks magnified or larger than usual.
Like all signs, Leo has both its shadow (insert eclipse joke here) and elevated expressions, though with a full moon and eclipse we often tap into the unconscious more difficult sides. We do not feel heard or seen, or struggle with wanting external confirmation instead of cultivating inner confidence. Leo energy reminds us that we feel the most self-involved in the places we feel the most insecure.
Leo navigates the very human question of what constitutes a “healthy ego,” one that is confident, but not overly self-involved. In its most beautiful expressions it is playful and creative, and when in its shadow side can be emotionally self-involved or dramatic. In its most shiny self, Leo shows us what lights us up or sparks excitement. It reminds us to stay centered in ourselves while still staying present with others.
What makes this an eclipse is that the North and South Node are next to the Sun and Moon. However,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.36606
Retrieved Text: This Monday, August 21, 2017, the sun will disappear, the air will become colder, and millions of North Americans will be looking towards the sky. We at Quicken Loans invite you to be one of them.
A total solar eclipse happens when the paths of the moon and the sun intersect, with the moon entirely blocking the sun. Believe it or not, they’re not extraordinarily rare. Eclipses happen all over the world every few years, but the last time a total solar eclipse was visible across the entire contiguous United States was back in 1918.
Because of the Earth’s rotation, the path of the eclipse isn’t a straight line across the United States, and not everyone will have the same viewing experience. To see the full effect, you have to be in the path of totality: the 70-mile-wide stretch directly beneath the moon’s shadow. The path begins in Oregon and ends in South Carolina. The eclipse cycle (C1-C2-C3-C4) will last two-and-a-half hours, and depending on where you’re viewing, totality could last up to two-and-a-half minutes. An estimated 12 million people live within the path of totality, but 200 million Americans could get there within a day’s drive.
From a scientific standpoint, you don’t have to travel out of your way to still see the show. Even if you don’t want to go out of your way, you’ll still get a show. When the moon has covered about three-quarters of the sun, there will be cleaner, more visible shadows, because of less light diffusion. Additionally, trees and other lattice-like barriers

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.097214
Retrieved Text: The first total eclipse of the sun to span coast to coast across the U.S. mainland in almost a century will be visible Monday, Aug. 21, for people in Portland, where eclipse coverage will reach 99 percent.
This rare celestial event is a spectacular occurrence; however, there are precautions people should take to help maintain their eye health while witnessing the spectacle in its full glory. Looking at a solar eclipse without proper protection can cause serious eye damage, including blurry vision that can last months, or even permanent problems.
The most important tip is to have proper eclipse-viewing glasses, which are heavily tinted – much more so than regular sunglasses – to protect your eyes as you look at the sun. Certified eclipse-viewing glasses will enable you to see the moon track across the orb of the sun until it creates a total eclipse, revealing the sun’s brilliant corona.
A solar eclipse occurs when the moon blocks any part of the sun. But on Aug. 21, anyone within a roughly 70-mile-wide path from Oregon to South Carolina will be able to experience a total solar eclipse for about 2 minutes, weather permitting. Millions more, including people in Portland will be able to witness this.
It is unsafe for anyone to look directly at the sun at any time or during a solar eclipse, other than if you are located in the path of totality during the brief total phase of the eclipse.
Use approved solar eclipse glasses and avoid fake viewers that are being sold; a list of approved vendors

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.09565
Retrieved Text: 27th July, 2018 Friday, parts of the world will be treated to a unique lunar event that won’t happen again for more than 100 years.
The earth, moon and sun will come to align in a perfect line, which will cause the phenomenon.
The moon will pass through the centre of the Earth’s shadow, giving rise to what is known as the Deep Red Blood Moon.
During a total lunar eclipse, the Moon’s disk can turn bright orange, blood red (hence the term ‘Blood Moon’) or even very dark gray, depending upon the part of the Earth’s shadow it is passing through. “This time, the moon would pass right through the centre of the earth’s shadow which makes it the first central lunar eclipse after the one in June 2011,” said B G Sidharth, Director of BM Birla Science Centre in Hyderabad, reported news agency PTI.
A lunar eclipse occurs when the Earth passes between the sun and the moon and casts a shadow on the moon’s surface. It’s the reverse of a solar eclipse, in which the moon crosses between the Earth and the sun. In a total lunar eclipse, like this one, the moon will move from a phase of partial eclipse, to the total eclipse, to another partial eclipse, all in about four hours (give or take a few minutes, as the moon will look dark a bit before and after the actual eclipse).
There are three reasons. First, the Earth is unusually far away from the sun, which allows it to cast a wider shadow for the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.083523
Retrieved Text: Lunar eclipses are spectacles of nature. The eerie orange glow given off by the moon during totality ignites a flame of curiosity in us all. Lucky for you, lunar eclipses are easier to view than solar eclipses. They are visible from a wider range of locations, which gives more people a chance to witness them. How would you like to join in on the fun?
In simple terms, a lunar eclipse is the event in which the moon passes through the Earth's shadow. The moon can either be partially obstructed (a "partial eclipse"), or completely obstructed (a "total eclipse").
Why Don't Lunar Eclipses Occur Every Month?
While it seems that the moon would have a chance of passing through the Earth's shadow during every full moon, this is not the case. The moon's orbit is slightly tilted in relation to Earth's orbit around the sun. It is only at the points in which these planes intersect (the orbital nodes) that an eclipse can occur. The moon needs to be at one of the two orbital nodes during either full moon (for a lunar eclipse to occur) or new moon (for a solar eclipse to occur).
The fortunate thing about lunar eclipses is that, unlike solar eclipses, they aren't extremely location-specific. Since it is the Earth's shadow falling on the moon, the only requirement is that you are in a location where the moon is visible at the time of eclipse. Since the earth rotates, more than half of the Earth's surface will have had moon visibility at some point during

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.894943
Retrieved Text: When is the next lunar eclipse, in case you missed last night's blood moon?
You've got a while to wait for the next total lunar eclipse.
Will the blood moon affect your mood?
We will all do the bidding of the crimson devil moon.
After the super blue blood wolf moon, sky-watchers need something new to look forward to.
Unfortunately our friends in the US will have the best view.
Around 40 million people were plunged in to darkness.
What can you see, Pepe? Is that Shola Ameobi?!
You just have to travel to see them. Here's where to go - and when.
Over the top, or necessary?
A guide to tomorrow's solar/lunar event.
If you're in the middle band of the country you may get to see the partial eclipse.
The day of judgement is coming, people! And it's tomorrow at 9.45am.
UK weather for the solar eclipse: There may actually be hope!
Earlier this week total cloud cover was predicted... but that may now be wrong.
Here's how to stay safe, but catch the eclipse at the same time.
Solar eclipse 2015: Where can I buy eclipse sunglasses from?
You might look like a tool when you wear them, but that's better than permanently damaging your eyesight.
Does this week’s solar eclipse prove the moon is a giant alien spaceship?
Come on, why can't the weatherman just give us this one?
Its not fair, astronauts get all the fun!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.829597
Retrieved Text: In just over 6 hours we begin another Eclipse Season and New Moon cycle all at the same time! AND 13 hours later the Sun moves into Aries, announcing the Vernal Equinox – the beginning of Spring. Similar to what we experienced back in December for the Winter Solstice (New Moon AND Solstice on the same day) yet with a bigger energetic bang due to a Total Solar Eclipse this time.
The cardinal signs of Capricorn, Aries, Cancer and Libra all initiate CHANGE – a change of season, therefore weather and plant life – and a chance to renew something – not totally, but renew just the same. When the Sun changes signs, especially entering one of the cardinal signs, it signals a new phase of life here on Earth.
And the New Moon phase of each Moon cycle also means CHANGE – a chance, through our conscious intention, of bringing some new aspect of change into our life for that Moon cycle.
Eclipses occur during a New Moon (solar eclipse) or a Full Moon (lunar eclipse) but not every New or Full Moon creates an eclipse. The short version why this is: it is all about the location of the current Moon’s Nodes (North Node in Libra or South Node in Aries) at the time of a New Moon or Full Moon timing. Since Libra and Aries are cardinal signs, it makes sense that the South Node in Aries will be close to the Sun’s orbit because the Sun enters Aries shortly after the New Moon phase begins,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.56933
Retrieved Text: A rare total solar eclipse dimmed the skies above a small swath of the top of the world today (March 20), creating an incredible sight on the first day of spring for skywatchers lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time to see it.
Photos of the total solar eclipse of 2015 show the darkened sun as the moon blocked out its light as seen from the Earth. A European satellite, meanwhile, managed to capture stunning video of the solar eclipse from space.
Only people in Denmark's Faroe Islands and Norway's Svalbard Islands the North Atlantic were able to see the total phase of the solar eclipse in person. However, partial phases of the eclipse were potentially visible for millions of stargazers in parts of Europe, Asia and Africa, if weather was favorable. The European Space Agency held several solar eclipse events at its centers across Europe and reported large crowds hoping to catch a glimpse of the celestial event.
Norway's NRK News broadcast spectacular live views of the sun disappearing behind the moon, followed by a breathtaking view of totality as the sun's outer atmosphere, called the corona, became visible.
Total solar eclipses occur when the moon passes between Earth and the sun, obscuring the star from view and casting a shadow of the moon on parts of the planet's surface. The moon seems to blot out the sun perfectly, a cosmic coincidence.
"This is a tale of Goldilocks told in space, told in the cosmos," Eric Edelman, of the Slooh Community Observatory said during free

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.54139
Retrieved Text: She is pursuing a Ph. The timing if this total lunar eclipse means it won't be visible from North America, though much of the Eastern Hemisphere of Earth will see part or all of the eclipse. Lunar eclipse Super Blue Blood Moon 2018: Check timings of the rare celestial treat. You can learn more about that event in our dedicated guide here: What is the Blood Moon of July 27? The longest total lunar eclipse of the 21st century takes place this Friday, July 27. The super blue blood moon will be visible on January 31. The partial eclipse will end at 8:41 pm. Including that penumbral time, the eclipse will last for 3 hours and 55 minutes.
This year January 1, 2018 also saw a Supermoon rise. A passenger plane, with a 'supermoon' full moon seen behind, makes its final landing approach towards Heathrow Airport in London, Britain, January 1, 2018. Europe and most of Africa and South America also will pretty much miss the show. In general, a lunar eclipse is not a rare phenomenon however it becomes rare when it is a blue moon. His team is taking special precautions to keep the spacecraft warm during the eclipse. It can be seen through the naked eye.
A total lunar eclipse will take place alongside a blue moon and a Super Moon, making skywatchers excited for the epic moment. The best view will be on the West Coast and right here, in the player above. Another will occur on January 31, 2037. That's about 2,400 km

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.512863
Retrieved Text: There is a solar eclipse on Earth, when the moon covers the sun, from that exact point on the Earth. This can only happen during the new moon (Sun and Moon in conjunction).
The moon does not completely cover the solar disk resulting in a crescent moon.
From a band on the surface of the Earth, the Moon completely covers the Sun.
Occurs when the moon is near the peak and its angular diameter is less than that of the sun, so that at the maximum phase, a visible ring of the disc of the Sun remains. This occurs in the annularity band, beyond it, the eclipse is partial.
Total Indonesia, Malasia, Brunéi, Filipinas.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.433727
Retrieved Text: There will be a partial solar eclipse on August 11.
While the eclipse will be a sight to behold, it won't be quite as stunning as the total eclipse that swept across the US last summer.
The summer of 2018 continues to be a blockbuster for fantasticcelestial events.
Following July's total lunar eclipse, some sky-watchers will be treated to a partial solar eclipse on August 11.
During a solar eclipse, the moon passes between the Earth and the sun, casting a shadow on our planet. If you're watching from Earth, the moon appears to cover the sun.
The event that captured the US' attention last summer was a total solar eclipse. In that case, the moon blocked the entire sun. But the coming eclipse is only partial, which means that the moon will pass in front of a portion of the sun, rather than covering it entirely.
How much the moon covers the sun depends on your location on Earth. The coming partial solar eclipse will be most visible at the North Pole, EarthSky reports — there, the sun's diameter will be 65% covered. In the northern city of Yakutsk, Russia, the sun will be 57% obscured. In Greenland, the sun will be 50% covered.
The next total solar eclipse will happen on July 2, 2019, and be visible to people in the South Pacific and South America. The next total solar eclipse that will be visible in North America won't come until April 8, 2024. Your next chance to see a total lunar eclipse (when the Earth passes in between the moon

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.324776
Retrieved Text: There’s no denying that Solar Eclipse fever is everywhere. And, for good reason. The last time the moon completely covered the sun crossing through the U.S. was in 1918. The total solar eclipse of 2017 takes place on Monday, Aug. 21 creating a path through 14 states within a 70 mile band across the country.
Even though the state of Texas is not in the direct path of totality all is not lost. You can still experience the awe of a partial solar eclipse with spectacular views of the Texas Hill Country in the background while you explore the master-planned community of Travisso. From Travisso’s Welcome Center the partial eclipse will be 65-70 percent visible and peaks at 1:10 p.m. Local news outlets and experts from the University of Texas are predicting a phenomenon unlike any other.
Totality and maximum eclipse-the third and most dramatic phase occurring when the moon completely covers the sun. At this stage only the corona, a white or colored circle or set of concentric circles of light surrounding the sun, is visible.
Final phase-the eclipse ends when the moon no longer overlaps the sun.
Do not look directly at the sun. When viewing the eclipse, the single most important factor to remember is to protect your eyes. According to the NASA website the only safe way to look directly at the uneclipsed or partially eclipsed sun is through special-purpose solar filtered eclipse glasses, or hand-held solar viewers. The website also clearly states not to use any type of sunglasses or homemade filters when viewing the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.319977
Retrieved Text: In the unyielding modern world there can sometimes be no respite from the relentless pace of change and continual improvement. The rapid rate of technological and sociological acceleration means that everyday we are bombarded by such large quantities of stimuli that we barely pause to recognise the wonders that are before our eyes.
There is one phenomena that continually arrests our behaviour, stopping us dead in our tracks. Irrespective of race, creed or status, the stunning nature of solar eclipses leaves a lasting impression upon us all.
Eclipses are simply the Moon getting in the way of the Sun, temporarily blocking its view as the satellite continues along its orbit around the Earth.
Solar Eclipses only occur when the Moon is in the New Moon phase of its cycle. Every year there are between two and five Solar Eclipses as the Moon’s transit, either partially or totally, blocks the Sun.
The reason why we get total eclipses is purely down to chance and the period of time that we now occupy. In the future total eclipses of the Sun will be a thing of the past on Earth as the Moon moves farther and farther away from us.
The Sun is roughly 400 times the diameter of the Moon. Coincidentally, the distance between the Earth and the Sun is roughly 400 times greater than the distance between the Moon and the Earth.
This quirk means that both the Sun and the Moon appear to be equal in size from the vantage point of the Earth, allowing the Moon to completely block out

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.217953
Retrieved Text: A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between the Sun and the Earth so that the Sun is wholly or partially obscured. This can only happen during a new moon, when the Sun and Moon are in conjunction as seen from the Earth. Up to four solar eclipses occur each year, but total solar eclipses are nevertheless rare at any location because during each eclipse totality exists only in the relatively tiny area of the Moon's umbra.
A total solar eclipse is a spectacular natural phenomenon and many people travel to remote locations to observe one. The 1999 total eclipse in Europe helped to increase public awareness of the phenomenon, as illustrated by the number of journeys made specifically to witness the 2005 annular eclipse and the 2006 total eclipse. The next solar eclipse will occur on August 1, 2008, and will be a total eclipse.
In ancient times, and in some cultures today, solar eclipses have been attributed to supernatural causes. Total solar eclipses can be frightening for people who are unaware of their astronomical explanation, as the Sun seems to disappear in the middle of the day and the sky darkens in a matter of minutes.
Geometry of a Total Solar Eclipse (not to scale).
Photo of 1999 total eclipse.
Photo taken in Mumbai, India, during the March 18, 2007, partial eclipse.
A total eclipse occurs when the Sun is completely obscured by the Moon. The intensely bright disk of the Sun is replaced by the dark silhouette of the Moon, and the much fainter corona is visible. During

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.060375
Retrieved Text: This interactive Google map shows the path of the Total Solar Eclipse of 2017 Aug 21. Visit the interactive map.
kidseclipse.com was begun in 1997 in preparation for the Total Solar Eclipse on Aruba that took place on February 26, 1998. It is fitting that we have revamped the site for the Great American Eclipse of August 21, 2017, which will touch the island with a partial eclipse of 54%. Totality will be in the Atlantic, well north of the island.
kids eclipse.com provided unique coverage from the Total Solar Eclipse in Aruba working with Professor Jay Pasachoff of Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts.
Professor Pasachoff specializes in scientific studies of the sun at the time of solar eclipses. The February 26, 1998 total solar eclipse in Aruba was his 26th solar eclipse. He viewed his first eclipse in 1959.
He is the author of Astronomy: From the Earth to the Universe, 6th Ed., now in its 6th edition, a popular college text. He is also the author of the Peterson Field Guide to the Stars and Planets, now in its 3rd edition.
Visit our store for recommended items for photographing the eclipse!
At the International School of Aruba, students have been getting ready for the total solar eclipse for weeks. Doorways in the school are decorated with eclipse art. A space fair was held today with students making space ships from cereal boxes, straws, jars and other stuff from home.
Jonathan Legro and Valentijn Vd.Sloot built an eclipse viewing spaceship with the control center made from solar eclipse glasses so you can

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.841724
Retrieved Text: we’ll begin a series of episodes dedicated to help you to plan for and view the Great North American Solar Eclipse in August 2017!
So this week we’re starting a series of Extra episodes to get you excited and informed about the Great North American Solar Eclipse, coming up on Monday, August 21st. For that event, I’m headed to the Mountains of North Georgia, more specifically, the Summit of Brasstown Bald, the highest point in the state of Georgia.
For this amazing celestial occurrence, I plan to be live streaming coverage of the progress of the Moon’s shadow. This assumes that the Internet does not completely crash, due to all the information that everyone will be posting. If by some chance it does, I’ll be creating a documentary of the event, to post here on YouTube afterwards.
So there are many things to know about this event. Most basically, what are the celestial mechanics that let a solar eclipse occur? A total solar eclipse occurs when the Moon, just as it reaches it’s New Moon phase, passes between the Sun and the Earth. The Sun casts a shadow of the Moon onto the surface of the Earth, and we see a Solar Eclipse.
Let us know your Questions and Comments!
Please feel free to leave a question or comment below, and we will respond as quickly as we can. You can also reach out to Dave on Twitter @StarHoppingMan.
We would love to have you join us on our various social media sites, and subscribe to our newsletter. Visit our Contact page

================



======= Instance Index 51 =========
Input Text: An electric car uses less gasoline than a regular car because

Which is the correct answer?
- parts of the engine are flawed
- gas is unable to be used
- electricity is more expensive
- power is prioritized over gas

Target Text: power is prioritized over gas

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 46.574886
Retrieved Text: As scientists in the U.S. create a “plastic-eating enzyme” to reduce plastic waste and the UK is discussing a 25-year plan to eliminate single-use plastics, it seems going green is really catching on. The automotive industry is no different – hybrid cars have been around for a while now. As technology advances, how much do you know about how a hybrid car works?
Although there are various levels of hybrid cars, the main difference between a hybrid and a non-hybrid is this: a hybrid vehicle uses two powertrains, one electric and one powered by gasoline. The electric motor is powered by a battery pack, which is recharged by the gasoline engine and energy from braking.
The powertrains have different benefits and limits, and the point of a hybrid car is to maximize the benefits of each while limiting their weaknesses. For example, electric motors are very efficient accelerators, but their batteries are often bulky, heavy, and don’t retain a charge to cover large distances without a gasoline backup. Gasoline engines are noisy less efficient, but can go the distance.
Depending on the car, different systems are powered by the electric motor and the gasoline engine. In a parallel system, either powertrain, or both, can work to power each system. Although less common, some hybrids use a series system, in which the electric motor powers most systems, like driving the wheels, and the gasoline engine exists mainly to generate power when the battery depletes.
Cars with some electric functions, known as micro hybrids or mild hybrids, are becoming more common. A

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.761074
Retrieved Text: With rising gas prices, consumers are looking for new options to traditional gas-guzzling cars. With many different hybrid cars on the market, these people are seriously considering trading in their conventional cars. In the United States, hybrid cars are getting to be much more common as the green movement stretches. The hybrid car is superior to a conventional car in many ways. Hybrid cars typically cost more in the beginning than standard cars but, as time passes, they end up costing you much less.
Among the best cars you can buy on the market for reducing money is the hybrid car, because they get many more miles to the gallon. Individuals would not be as considering hybrid cars if gasoline wasn’t so pricy. Operating a hybrid vehicle may easily save you 50% on fuel costs over what you spend with your conventional vehicle. Hence, what you have paid, extra for your hybrid, will be easily saved through preserving gasoline. The hybrid will turn into a great deal, when the traditional vehicle’s gas intake cost equals out the original cost of the hybrid.
The hybrid vehicle takes benefit from clean electrical energy and uses it with gasoline energy. Hybrids provide full efficiency potential through the use of smaller gasoline engines, and built to be aerodynamic, and constructed with light materials. Hybrid vehicles work very efficiently because of aerodynamic design and their scaled-down gasoline engines. A hybrid operates by utilizing an electric motor, along with a gasoline-powered engine. Once the engine is going, though the car is not moving, or

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.281048
Retrieved Text: Another reason electric cars are popular is because electric cars are environmentally friendly since they produce less pollution than the regular gasoline-powered cars. And one more explanation about the hype is because of the stories about the hybrid electric cars that are largely owned by celebrities that promotes the 'Green Movement'.
First thing in your list should be to research everything you need to find out about electric cars and how to build them. Sites specially made for electric car lovers do have some downloadable guidelines for you to follow in building your own electric car. Look for not just one but various electrical sites in the net.
Electric cars are also called electric vehicles or EVs. They have been competing with the conventional gas - guzzler since the car was invented but were almost wiped out when Ford learned to mass produce his Model T cars. Since then, car companies have been reluctant to produce electric cars except in showrooms.
Whilst their popularity has varied over time, they have recently (since about the mid 1990s) started gaining in popularity again. In April 2009, the United Kingdom Government announced plans to provide a subsidy of up to £5,000 to people who buy electric or hybrid cars.
A regulator then makes sure the energy coming from the batteries is nice and steady. The engine is then replaced by a motor which is usually put as close as possible to the wheels, and in some cases in the wheels themselves.
Rather than buying an electric or hybrid vehicle, some owners carry out an

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.97739
Retrieved Text: Ok, so one day we decided to take a regular and make it electric, so instead of using gas we plug it in at night. In technical terms, we want to convert a car from a gasoline-powered internal combustion engine (ICE) to a rechargeable electric vehicle (EV). Why?
Because we know that burning dinosaur juice (oil) pollutes the environment.
Because we are concerned about the environment, but are not willing to give up cars and driving.
Because we are done with waiting for the car companies to sell us a good electric car.
To prove that it can be done: If two regular guys can do it then why can’t the car companies?
To find a way to quit this gasoline and oil addiction we have (click here for dramatic music).
To recycle: we are going to take a car that would end up junked and put it back on the road, instead of buying a new one.
To prove that electric cars don’t have to be ugly, weird, slow or any of that bad rep they have.
To promote alternative transportation and educate people on EV technology (as we learn, because it’s not like we know it yet!).
To create a website that will teach step-by-step how to build an EV and empower and motivate people (yes, you!) to start their own EV projects.
Because gas hit $4/gal in Miami Beach. Do we need to say more?
Our mission is to end up with a car that can go as fast or faster than the original and that looks and drives the same way, no weird

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.580044
Retrieved Text: A hybrid vehicle uses two or more distinct types of power. A petroleum-electric hybrid most commonly uses internal combustion engines (using a variety of fuels, generally gasoline or Diesel engines) and electric motors to power the vehicle. The energy is stored in the fuel of the internal combustion engine and an electric battery set.
A hybrid vehicle uses two or more distinct types of power.
A petroleum-electric hybrid most commonly uses internal combustion engines (using a variety of fuels, generally gasoline or Diesel engines) and electric motors to power the vehicle. The energy is stored in the fuel of the internal combustion engine and an electric battery set.
A hybrid-electric car runs on both petrol and electricity concurrently. On average, fuel consumption for hybrid-electric cars are lesser than regular petrol cars. Naturally, it is also more environmentally-friendly too!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.95728
Retrieved Text: If Honda had brought this to market in 2011 or 2012 or 2013 we&apos;d be jumping up and down excited about this. As it stands, this isn&apos;t any more capable than the Chevy Volt except in two ways -- first, the electric range is a smidgeon longer -- second, and this is actually very important, the charging rate is 6 kiloWatts versus the 3 kiloWatts for most other Plug-in Hybrids. You calculate this by dividing the battery capacity (17 kWh) by the charging time (2.5 hours) and you end up with a number close to 6, meaning it&apos;s a 6 kW charging system. Or maybe 5 kW. The point being that the more powerful the charging system the more degrees of autonomy the driver has. Conceivably a driver taking a longer trip might feel more encouraged to plug in and charge the car during the trip, because of more miles of range gained per unit of time, than with a lower-power charging system.
Because it&apos;s not 2011-13, this car is (to me) an interesting curiosity. Honda wants us to believe they&apos;re really interested in green and minimizing the harmful pollution from the vehicles we drive. But they&apos;re behind the game on electric vehicles and instead spent a few years working on fuel cell vehicles rather than battery electric.
This price, base MSRP $33,400, also leaves me a little underwhelmed. At not that much more dollars one can buy a 200 mile range battery EV and not have to put up wth stinking gas car attributes like oil changes

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.88723
Retrieved Text: Many people are attracted to hybrid and electric cars for a variety of reasons. Cutting down on tailpipe emissions, fewer to no stops at gas stations, and other advantages can be enjoyed by anyone willing to take the plunge. One area of concern that quite a few shoppers have is what kind of maintenance hybrids and electrics require. After all, maintaining hybrid cars and fully-electric vehicles can seem daunting, considering how technologically advanced they are. This guide to maintaining an electric or hybrid car will help you feel less intimidated!
Electric and hybrid cars have many of the same components as standard gasoline automobiles, so most areas which need repair are similar to your typical vehicle.
Remember that hybrid cars still have a gasoline engine, which works in tandem at least part of the time with one or more electric motors. That means the usual maintenance items you would expect with a traditional vehicle will be required on electric hybrid vehicles, such as oil changes, timing belt replacements, valve adjustments, etc. Of course, the amount of maintenance required and the cost varies from one model to the next, so it’s a good idea to check out how different options compare before you make a final purchase decision.
The owner’s manual in your vehicle, or the manufacturer’s website, should offer detailed instructions on how to care for the engine. A maintenance schedule should be part of the instructions, taking the guesswork out of when you should have certain items addressed by a technician.
There are also diesel electric hybrid car models

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.703148
Retrieved Text: Sumitomo Electric Industries Ltd. plans to sell a sodium-ion battery it is developing to makers of electric and hybrid passenger cars, expanding beyond the original target of commercial-vehicle fleet operators.
Sumitomo, which supplies electrical wiring to Toyota Motor Corp. and Volkswagen AG, said in March it developed a cheaper alternative to lithium-ion batteries that uses liquefied salt as an electrolyte. It aims to begin production of the batteries in 2015 and targets revenue of more than 1 trillion yen ($13 billion), Chief Executive Officer Masayoshi Matsumoto said at the time. Nishida this week said he expects the technology to start producing revenue no later than 2017.
Demand for electric car batteries is expected to increase as Mitsubishi Motor Corp. starts sales of its i-MiEV car and Nissan Motor Co. markets its Leaf model. Toyota, the world’s biggest maker of gasoline-electric hybrid vehicles last year, plans to start selling electric cars next year, while Nissan Chief Executive Carlos Ghosn has set a goal of making his company the leader in the sector. Ghosn projects demand for electric cars to increase to 10 percent of all auto sales by 2020, assuming oil costs more than $70 a barrel.
Sumitomo Electric said its new battery can be made cheaper and safer compared with lithium-ion batteries because liquefied salt costs less and is noncombustible. It had previously said the product may be applied only to buses or trucks because commercial vehicles usually travel on specified routes, allowing for regular checks to ensure the battery’s temperature remains at a level that prevents the electrolyte

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.214336
Retrieved Text: 32 oz. (0.95 L) without filter; 38 oz. (1.12 Change engine oil and oil filter every 400 rounds of golf), or L) with filter annually, whichever comes first. Figure 21 Lubrication Points – Gasoline Vehicles DS Golf Car Owner’s Manual Page 37...... Club Car golf carts are also built on the industry’s only rustproof, corrosion-resistant aluminum frame, engineered to be stronger than steel frames. Club Car, one of the most respected names in the golf industry, is the world’s largest manufacturer of small-wheel, zero-emissions electric vehicles in the world.
To check or change the differential fluid in a 1989 Club Car golf car you will need to remove the oil cover. Unscrew the bolts and brass fitting.
View and Download Club Car Gasoline service manual online. 1995-1996 DS GOLF CARS. Gasoline Golf Cars pdf manual download. Also for: Electric.
Maintaining Your Precedent Gas Golf Cart Practice regular preventive maintenance to preserve the life of your vehicle. Your gasoline-powered Precedent golf cart is designed and built to provide years of trouble- free service and hours of fun.
Parts - Club Car By selecting the manufacturer of your golf cart below, you can have the website display only products that will work with your cart.
My old Club Car DS golf cart uses this same engine, and it says SAE 30 for 32 degrees and up operation.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.853558
Retrieved Text: Honda engineers are developing a Fit EV that automatically positions itself over a wireless charging coil.
Electric cars like those from Tesla could be the future of the automobile, but until majority of the infrastructure in cities and the suburbs have been modified to include electric vehicle charging, seeing one of the road is not going to be as common as you might think it would be. Engineers over at Honda Motor of Japan are currently developing an electric vehicle which is touted to be able to drive itself into a home carport whenever it detects that its battery level has dropped to a predetermined amount, allowing it to be juiced up sans wires from there.
Basically, whenever you drive the Honda EV home and stop, getting out of the car, your smartphone will then be used to instruct the electric vehicle so that it will drive itself into the carport for a wireless recharging session, ensuring that you would have a fully recharged ride ready and waiting for you the next morning. The Honda EV is capable of pinpointing the exact location of the carport located a map in its computer.
There will be a bunch of cameras that will be installed on the EV as well as at the house so that they will all work in tandem to make sure the Honda EV will be able to avoid obstacles.
EPA gives Honda FIT EV highest efficiency rating for any electric car, and saves on energy costs as well, but that doesn't mean people are going to buy

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.68027
Retrieved Text: Gasoline-electric hybrid cars contain modified car parts. Explore the inner workings of gasoline-electric hybrid cars with diagrams and animations. See more hybrid car pictures.
We are all familiar with gasoline-powered cars, and most people have heard about or seen electric cars. A hybrid car is a combination of the two. A hybrid vehicle contains parts of both gasoline and electric vehicles in an attempt to get the best of both worlds.
It is overcoming rolling resistance in the drive train.
It is overcoming air resistance.
It is powering accessories like the alternator, the power steering pump and the air conditioner.
The engine might need to produce no more than 10 or 20 horsepower (HP) to carry this load. The reason why cars have 100- or 200-horsepower engines to is handle acceleration from a standing stop, as well as for passing and hill climbing. We only use the maximum HP rating for 1% of our driving time. The rest of the time, we are carrying around the weight and the friction of the much larger engine, which wastes a lot of energy.
In a traditional hybrid vehicle, you have a complete electric car. It includes an electric motor to provide all of the power to the wheels, as well as batteries to supply the motor with electricity. Then you have a completely separate gasoline engine powering a generator. The engine is very small -- perhaps 10 to 20 horsepower -- and it is designed to run at just one speed for maximum efficiency. The purpose of this small, efficient engine is to provide

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.58507
Retrieved Text: Hybrid automobiles use two or more different propulsion systems and they achieve greater fuel efficiency. Though they cost more than regular cars, they can save you money on fuel in the long run. They use a rechargeable energy system, which acts as a substitute for vehicle propulsion.
•	The hybrid automobile boasts of a small, yet efficient engine.
•	It uses sophisticated aerodynamics to reduce drag.
•	It employs lightweight materials that increase its efficiency.
•	The engine in this car shuts off temporarily in traffic and starts automatically, if you put it back into gear back. Hybrid vehicles using gasoline and electric motors can perform more effectively than electric cars. Most of the hybrids come with a provision to charge a battery to continue the vehicle propulsion.
They give more mileage than non-hybrid type of cars and create less pollution. They adopt environmentally positive technology, so they are also termed as green cars.
Hydrogen cars use hydrogen, which is a clean form of fuel and it burns virtually no emissions in a combustion engine. The hybrid vehicle can be fueled by hydrogen and some other substitute energy. Honda Civic IMA hybrid is one of the best examples of this type of cars and it includes regenerative braking, electric power steering and low rolling resistance tires. It received the best fuel economy award in the year 2003 and 2004. The most inspiring feature of Honda Civic is its fuel efficiency. The hybrid system in this car is enhanced by the electric motor generator. This motor powers the car, while riding on level roads. It comes with

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.48865
Retrieved Text: When you drive around town, what type of cars do you see the most? Electric or gasoline? Most people would answer with gasoline, as would I, but in the Bay Area, there are a lot of electric or hybrid cars, such as Teslas and Priuses. We often think of electric cars as more environmentally friendly and efficient than gas cars. However, the issue of whether or not a car is environmentally friendly or not transcends even the cars themselves; it depends on how the energy used to fuel the cars is made. This is why gas cars are a better option than electric cars in the present, but electric will eventually win out in the long run.
The first step in deciphering this complex problem is to look at the distances a gas car vs. an electric can go on one tank of gas or charge. Based on my own knowledge and approximations of others, the average distance for a gas car is around 300 to 400 miles with many cars pushing well beyond the 400 mile mark. For electric cars, the average car can travel around 100 to 200 miles per charge while a few cars reach beyond the 200 mile mark. This means electric cars must recharge more frequently than gas cars need to refuel. But the energy used in electric cars is better for the environment than gasoline, right? Wrong.
Since electric cars require recharging more frequently than gas cars need refueling, they consume large amounts of energy. Normally, this would be acceptable, because it

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.419125
Retrieved Text: Regular cars, hybrid cars, plug-ins, electric cars, solar cars, and hydrogen fuel cells are some of the automotive technologies that continue to confuse people. You should note that the main difference is between a traditional combustion engine and modern methods of powering the engine. Recently, the traditional combustion engine and electric engine have been combined to create a hybrid system. The hybrid systems are designed to improve gas mileage, save on fuel consumption, and decrease pollution. However, all hybrids are not the same.
As you know, regular cars feature an internal combustion engine that was invented in the 19th century. Until recently, the engine used diesel fuel or gasoline obtained from fossil fuel. The engine burns the fuel that creates heat and expansion of gases causing the movement of pistons in an engine. Ideal combustion could form water and carbon dioxide as the byproducts. Unfortunately, you cannot achieve perfect combustion. Thus, the internal combustion engines also emit nitrogen oxide and carbon monoxide that cause air pollution. In this way, they contribute to global warming.
This type of engine combines the internal engine technology plus electric engine technology. In this case, the electric engine uses rechargeable batteries. The batteries are recharged by the car by plugging into the electricity grid. The good thing about hybrids is that they improve fuel efficiency and reduce tailpipe emissions and energy costs. Over time, it is estimated that the electric engine will replace the internal combustion engine that is less efficient, especially during startup.
In this case, the car combines electric engines and internal

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.39001
Retrieved Text: If you are environment friendly and mindful of your cost of driving a gasoline powered car, you will surely be planning to buy an electric car. Electric cars cost a lot but if you can convert a gasoline car into an electric car yourself, it will cost only a fraction of what a new electric car would cost.
Since an electric car uses only electricity to run, cost of driving an electric car is very negligible when compared to the cost of driving a gasoline car. The following are the steps involved in converting a car into an electric car.
1. Choose a suitable donor car.
The car you are selecting for conversion into an electric car must be very light. Light electric cars can run more miles than heavy cars. They can also attain higher speeds than heavy ones.
However, if you choose a very small car, you will find it difficult to accommodate the battery and the motor in it. A pickup truck is the ideal donor vehicle for conversion.
2. Avoid a car that has automatic transmission.
Converting a car that has manual transmission system is much easier than converting a car that has automatic transmission system. You don’t have to worry about the transmission because your electric car will not have a gear box.
3. Check the condition of the donor car.
Check the donor car very thoroughly to ensure that the car is in good working condition. If you aren’t able to do it yourself, take a mechanic with you who will check the car for you. If the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.984024
Retrieved Text: We believe that you’ve observed the term of “hybrid Car” or even “hybrid SUV” frequently, but do you understand precisely what it signifies? We can’t stress enough essential that you go for hybrid automobile rather than regular automobile. The definition of a hybrid vehicle is given when a vehicle has much more than one type of power source to run its engine. “A hybrid ” term typically refers to Hybrid Electric Vehicles (HEVs) which combine electric motors as well as gasoline engines to attain much better travel for the surroundings. How? Together with the gasoline engine, these motors provide assistants to improve the car’s energy which later on leading to the motor to operate along with gasoline that is less.
Hybrid car eliminates the irritation of having to recharge your battery in time of need. In contrast to fully electric powered car where you need to plug it straight into an electrical outlet to charge its battery pack, utilizing Hybrid, the system will certainly automatically switch on to make use of the gasoline engine as soon as it detects the electric battery is lower.
Apart from possessing a tax incentive coming from the IRS, buying a Hybrid car can moreover imply obtaining a car parking discount. Having a car has its benefit. You’ll get to save a lot of money from lowering your fuel consumption. Don’t worry about the weather, the hybrid battery functions even in the span of severe conditions (cold and warm).
Vehicles and also SUVs may be categorized as automobiles as they minimize CO2 emission meaning

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.80168
Retrieved Text: What are the pros and cons of hybrid cars?
Today’s Wonder of the Day was inspired by Andrew from AL. Andrew Wonders, “What is a hybrid car?” Thanks for WONDERing with us, Andrew!
Wonder Friends have already experienced the musical side of Motown. Today, it's time to take a look at the automotive side!
By now, you've probably heard about hybrid cars. They've been around for several years, and their popularity continues to grow. You may even have one in your family or know someone who drives a hybrid.
But what exactly is a hybrid? Regular cars have only engines powered by gasoline. Hybrid cars, on the other hand, can be powered by both a gasoline engine and an electric battery.
Why would automobile makers create cars that also run on electric batteries? The electric batteries in hybrid cars allow these cars to use gasoline more efficiently. At low speeds, hybrid cars can run on just the electric battery. This reduces the amount of gasoline the car uses.
At higher speeds, the gasoline engine kicks in to provide more power. When the gasoline engine runs, the electric battery recharges. That way it will have plenty of power again later when it's needed.
As technology improves, automobile makers are constantly improving their hybrid car systems. Today, there are several different types of hybrid cars available. There are small differences in the way they work, but the basic idea remains the same: use an electric battery to improve the gas mileage you get from the gasoline-powered engine.
The next wave of hybrid cars are expected to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.463894
Retrieved Text: Electric cars may not be as green as you might think. The YouTube video tries to debunk this myth. It tries let consumers know that there is lots of room to do more work before they really make a large contribution to the environment. Check out the video after you finish reading this post. Make up your own mind regarding whether it is the right thing to do. Are Electric Cars Really Green?
Based on the analysis that is portrayed in the video referred to above, all electric cars are not as great at reducing emissions as everyone thinks. Yes when you operate the car there are no emissions. But, the cost in terms of environmental impact of producing the batteries can be high. Also producing the electrical power to charge them is almost the same as a traditional gas powered car. Burning coal, oil and natural gas to produce electricity causes a great deal of pollution. Wind energy and solar panels are better but not as much as you might think based on the analysis.
The writer notes that the analysis did not take into account such issues as the impact of nuclear power, battery efficiency improvement, car breaking regeneration, improvements in electric cars over the next 10 years and other alternate power sources for electricity. Also who funded the research and are there any biases built into this analysis?
The bottom line is that the electric car business is still in it’s infancy and will have many new developments over the next 10 years and will get

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.290554
Retrieved Text: While these days “hybrid” usually means a gasoline/electric vehicle, Valentin Technologies is exploring a different hybrid combination that promises a 5-passenger car with outstanding performance. While right now it is just a drivetrain concept, the combination of weight savings, aerodynamic efficiency, regenerative braking, and engine efficiency could yield an amazing 170 miles per gallon.
The hydraulic hybrid system of the INGOCAR (named after inventor Ingo Valentin) uses a small, efficient diesel engine not to drive the car, but instead to pressurize a high-pressure tank. Then, instead of using a mechanical drive train, hydraulic fluid under pressure is distributed to run hydraulic motors in each of the four wheels.
Batteries are a very heavy component of electric hybrid cars. But, Valentin states that the hydraulic system weighs nearly half as much. These weight savings come from the elimination of the electric motors. In fact, the hydraulic wheelmotors are even lighter than the disc brakes they replace in a conventional car, and they serve for both propulsion and braking.
Hydraulic braking is more efficient than electrical regenerative braking. This means that less energy is lost during stop-and-go city driving, and contributes to the great efficiency this vehicle design offers.
While these days "hybrid" usually means a gasoline/electric vehicle, Valentin Technologies is exploring a different hybrid combination that promises a 5-passenger car with outstanding performance. While right now it is just a drivetrain concept, the combination of weight savings, aerodynamic efficiency, regenerative braking, and engine efficiency could yield an amazing 170 miles per gallon.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.25512
Retrieved Text: Honda Accord is World’s No.1 Midsize Car with the latest Hybrid Technology in an attempt at giving an eco-friendly alternative to the diesel. It is ninth-generation accord that uses full Led headlights. Honda Accord is one of the most Fuel efficient midsize sedans car with the fuel economy of 23km/l combined and fuel tank capacity of 60L with an Automatic (CVT) Transmission, which gives very good mileage 23.1kmpl.
Honda Accord is the most powerful inline 4 cylinder production engines-that have an ability to last the lifetime of car make between 350 and 400 HP, which is a lot of HP for a 2l inline four cylinder. The inline –four layouts is in perfect primary balance and a degree of mechanical simplicity .The inline-four is the most common engine configuration in modern car. It also comes with most standardized modern battery .LI-ion batteries are also excellent in retaining energy, with a self-discharge rate (5% per month). Lithium-ion batteries include life extensions, energy density, and safety cost reduction, and charging speed among others.
It is also an Green vehicle or environment friendly vehicle that produces less harmful impacts to the environment than comparable conventional internal combustion engine vehicle running on gasoline or diesel or o their alternative. Honda Accord is a ninth-gen accord that uses hybrid technology with conventional high fuel economy, as it is the most cost effective way to improve energy efficiency and reduced carbon emissions that help in controlling air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions, and contribute by reducing oil imports.
Honda Accord is a Hybrid electric vehicle

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.20612
Retrieved Text: Whether you are an entrepreneur interested in starting your own automotive technology startup or an enthusiast looking to learn more about the latest technology for your car, you will likely discover new terminology, their meanings, as well as commonly used industry acronyms that may not be well defined in a standard dictionary.
The automatic start-stop feature utilizes software to automatically shut the engine off once the vehicle comes to a stop, and then restart it once the driver releases the brake pedal (or applies the acceleration pedal). This feature eliminates wasted fuel of an idling gas engine, which causes overall mpg to climb significantly and tailpipe emissions to drop, especially in congested traffic situations. The vehicle driver can barely feel (if at all) this whole process taking place.
An autonomous vehicle (also called a self-driving car) is one in which vehicle operation occurs without direct human driver input to control the steering, acceleration, and braking. They are principally designed so that the vehicle's passenger is not required to monitor the roadway.
Clean diesel technology refers to an overall approach in modern diesel vehicles that combines Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel fuel, with new highly efficient diesel engines, and emission control measures. The result of clean diesel technology is an generally low emission and highly fuel efficient producing engine.
Electric cars (also called EVs) are those vehicles that are powered by an electric motor drawing current from recharging batteries, fuel cells, or other portable sources of electrical current.
An electric vehicle battery is a rechargeable, onboard battery used to power the vehicle’s electric

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.10424
Retrieved Text: We lost count of just how many times Audi engineers used the phrase "no compromises" during their 'tron' presentations in Berlin.
And driving the Audi A3 Sportback g-tron, a near-standard A3 running on natural gas, it's hard not to agree with them--at least initially.
For the average car buyer, the gas-powered A3 requires virtually no change from normal routine, yet produces significantly lower emissions than the average vehicle.
The g-tron is the product of a more holistic look at vehicle emissions. Not content with simply producing the car itself, as Honda does with its natural gas Civic, Audi aims to produce the gas itself too.
Called e-gas, it's generated through a process called methanation.
Wind energy is used to produce electricity for electrolysis, separating water into hydrogen and dioxide. The methanation process then joins hydrogen and carbon dioxide into water, and a synthetic natural gas Audi terms e-gas.
This is all fed back into the main gas supply. The actual gas drivers will fill their g-tron with probably won't be the same molecules produced using methanation, but Audi aims to produce it in sufficient quantities that the net CO2 output is close to zero.
Audi showed us graphs explaining the benefits--regular gasoline requires the equivalent of 25 grams per km, per car, to produce.
In contrast, e-gas production takes 75 g/km away from the g-tron's 95 g/km CO2 figure--as it's produced not just from wind energy, but uses CO2 in its production. This makes the A3 g-tron a 20 g/km car.
All of this happens behind the scenes, of course. For the A3 g-tron driver,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.848106
Retrieved Text: We know for a fact that the economy of the country is performing rather poorly. And, you also need to consider that the recent fall in gas prices will not last that long. This is why you may want to start looking for a way to save money. And, one of the best ways to do so is by not purchasing gasoline for your car. So, just how can you do this without sacrificing the convenience of having a car.
The answer is really very simple. You may want to start investing in an electric car.
Today, you will find that more and more people are starting to see the great advantages of electric cars. Because of this, increasing numbers of people are now investing in one and are also selling their old gasoline powered cars.
You need to remember that electric cars run purely on electricity. It doesn’t need any gasoline in order for it to run. Instead of an internal combustion engine, electric cars are equipped with an electric motor. To power to the electric motor, the car will also be equipped with a series of heavy duty batteries.
It’s basically very much like your RC toy car but is a lot larger. You need to remember that electric cars have existed for a very long time. The concept or the idea of electric cars just came and went. It simply vanished and resurfaced again each time a new development was achieved in the electric car technology.
In the past, electric cars weren’t really efficient. It did have its

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.82727
Retrieved Text: BEIJING -- China is pushing for a rapid switch to electric cars as it aims to become the world leader in next-generation transport by enticing foreign automakers to build plants and by concentrating on electric vehicle technology.
President Xi Jinping promised a "revolution" in clean energy at the opening of the Communist Party congress on Oct. 18. The government's goal is to encourage foreign automakers to transfer electric and other auto technology to China by dangling the carrot of its gigantic market. This also jives with its goals of reducing air pollution and traffic congestion.
The rapid growth of the electric car market in China is being driven by policy rather than the market. The government is imposing strict rules designed to slash auto emissions and unsnarl traffic in big cities. Drivers, ready or not, are turning China into the world's largest electric car market.
Wang Jie, 35, who works for an internet company in Beijing, expressed frustration at having little chance of getting a gasoline-powered car. Beijing introduced a license plate lottery system for passenger cars in 2011 to ease congestion. In the past three years, Wang has applied more than 10 times for a license plate, but has yet to receive one.
Some 2,859,000 residents applied for plates in Beijing in August, but only 14,000, or 0.5% of the total, got them.
Six cities, including Tianjin, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, have similar systems in place, each with an acceptance rate of less than 1%. Shanghai has adopted an auction-based approach. There, a license plate goes for more than 90,000 yuan

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.628582
Retrieved Text: China has recently started exploring the possibility of using their vast coal reserves to power their auto fleets. This is about the worst possible move China could make from an environmental perspective, and not very good from an economic perspective either.
Coal-to-liquids (CTL) is another name for coal liquefaction, the process of converting solid coal into liquid fuels as a petroleum substitute that can then be used to power automobiles. China Daily recently reported that the Shenhua Group, China’s largest coal producer, opened it’s first coal to liquids processing plant in Inner Mongolia. The facility reportedly cost 10 billion yuan ($1.46 billion) and produces 1 million tons of fuel annually.
What about the environmental footprint?
CTL is a nightmare from an environmental perspective. Coal to liquids has the worst carbon footprint of any fuel. This graph below from the EPA sums up how shockingly bad CTL fuel is: more than twice as bad as regular gasoline. The line in the middle of the graph represents the CO2 emissions of regular gasoline. Even CTL with carbon capture and sequestration (CCS), a technology that is not proven, is 4% worse than regular gasoline.
And just to drive home the fact that CTL are massive emitters of carbon, the Sasol CTL plant in South Africa is the single largest point source of CO2 in the world.
According to an analysis by professors at Carnegie Mellon, CTL would need to sell for $63 per barrel to break even without CCS, and $78 to make an acceptable profit if it is produced using CCS (making CCS

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.55664
Retrieved Text: When the topic of electric vehicles (EVs) comes up, people always seem to think that they are a decade or so away from being good enough to be useful. They're thought of as interesting, as a good idea, but not something this is practical or that there is a market for right now. The reasons for that are something like this: 'They are too expensive', 'EVs don't have enough range, people need their cars to go farther than that.', 'They won't last long enough', or 'Electric cars aren't powerful enough'.
First of all, electric motors can be made more powerful than needed to move a car. Most diesel trains are actually electric trains with diesel generators. Most every engineer knows that you can get far more torque out of an electric motor than a engine of the same size.
Second, the longevity issue. Electric cars are more simple than their gasoline counterparts, due to the fact that they do not have any of the following: radiator, injection system, ignition system, gas tank, gas pump, timing system, belts, oil or cooling system, ETC. Because there are far fewer parts, lower pressures, and lower temperatures in an electric car, EVs tend to last longer. The batteries may need to be replaced every half decade or so, but thats how long some gas cars are kept anyway.
Third, the range and expense issue. The problems presented in these areas are quite correct, if the electric car is to be your primary or only vehicle. However, if it is a secondary car used

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.500175
Retrieved Text: The Stop/Start hybrid system, used on GM trucks for example, shuts the engine off when it would otherwise idle and restarts it instantly on demand.
The Integrated Starter Alternator with Damping (ISAD) hybrid system allows the electric motors to help move the vehicle in addition to providing stop/start capability.
The Integrated Motor Assist (IMA) hybrid system is similar to the ISAD but has a larger electric motor and more electricity to help move the vehicle.
Dave Reuter, a technical consultant for HybridCars.com, includes the Honda system in the list of full hybrids, based on its voltage level, electrical energy storage on board, and regen braking capacity. Dave feels that that the Chevy truck is the only real mild hybrid system presently on the market. Dave says, “Most mild hybrids are start/stop units,” referring to capability for hybrids to slip into electric mode when coming to a stop, rather than idling. The Union of Concerned Scientists uses the term "hallow hybrid," to refer to GM’s stop/start hybrids, including the Saturn Vue and Aura Green Line.
In other words, the fullness or mildness of a hybrid is a contiuum, not an absolute. The goal is to use every means possible to increase the efficiency and performance of the car, while relying on the gasoline internal combustion engine as little as possible. The degree to which the vehicle uses its electric power sources, or reduces resistance or weight for that matter, is the degree of its “fullness” as a hybrid.
If the fullness and mildness dichotomy is confusing to you, then the parallel versus

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.485645
Retrieved Text: Joining Washington State, Oregon is also considering a road usage tax on electric car owners, according to a report published Wednesday by the Statesman Journal. However, where Washington State is imposing a flat fee per year on electric car owners, the proposal being considered in Oregon is a per-mile tax.
To reiterate, the highways cost money to build and maintain. Traditionally, in the U.S., that money comes from the "Gasoline Tax" paid at the pump by drivers. It is a transparent way to anonymously collect money in amounts directly related to the usage of each vehicle. It's probably a bad choices of phrases to call this a "Gasoline Tax" because the purpose is to cause drivers to pay road usage fees. Countries and states around the world have had a variety of methods for collecting road usage fees, with some countries collecting per-vehicle taxes rather than a tax at the gasoline pump. Taxes collected at the gasoline pump are fair and anonymous, but only so long as vehicles are fueled at gasoline pumps. Of course, that is not where electric cars are fueled, and therefore electric car owners currently are getting away with using the roads without paying any kind of road use fee or tax.
The Revenue committee in the Oregon Legislature is slated to consider a bill in 2013 to change this tax system for collecting gasoline and road usage taxes. Oregon has long been a leading state in adopting fuel efficient vehicles, including electric vehicles. In 2001 the Legislature formed a Road User Fee Task

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.40599
Retrieved Text: Electroline | How Can I Help?
Purchasing a new car presents itself with a lot of possibilities to be green, save some green, and get going in style. Rising gas prices create consumer demand in alternative sources of transportation which resulted in automobile manufacturers providing a large range of electric options. We will post information on hybrid technology soon, but for now lets stick with traditional vehicles (gasoline powered) and electric as two distinct categories to compare.
$/kWh = $0.10 , $/gallon = $4.00Keeping our sources transparent and more information available at Car Price Comparison.
Driving conditions – you might drive less miles per one charge of the battery or per gallon of gasoline in summer and winter months compare to fall and spring months. It generally depends on extreme temperatures that are outside and weather conditions. Therefore, the more energy your car uses to heat or cool the cabin the faster your battery will exhaust or more fuel will be taken. Too strong winds might affect your energy surplus because then it may require using much more electricity and gasoline to overcome air resistance.
Cargo and topography come also into play because your heavy loads and driving up steep long inclines will reduce range also. The range can be decreased by your driving style. If you are a careful driver and use smooth acceleration and deceleration then it will extend range. On the other hand, your excessive acceleration and deceleration might reduce it significantly.
Note: all numbers are a simple prices comparison which might vary or change by car manufacturers

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.38028
Retrieved Text: You have undoubtedly seen one of the hybrid cars on the road. You probably heard that they are unlike any other fossil fuel or electric car. They are sort of both.
If you owned one of these hybrid cars, you would put gasoline into it, just like you do for your regular car. You would not have to recharge it, like an electric car. Still, your hybrid car would be capable of using half the gasoline that your regular car does for the same trip! How is that possible? The secret is in the braking.
When you step on your brakes, what happens? The car slows down because two metal blocks in your wheels rub together. This friction-based braking produces a lot of heat; just like the palms of your hands get warm when you rub them together rapidly. This heat is basically wasted energy. Hybrid cars have a more intelligent braking system, so called regenerative braking. Instead of wasting the heat energy, they transfer it to an electrical generator and battery (and hence self-charge), or a fly-wheel and store it for later use. The onboard computer then calculates the best time to use this stored energy and reduce combustion engine use. Thus a hybrid car drives on combustion engine only part of the time. This switch between combustion engine and electric motor power is in most cases so seamless that you don't even notice it. This concept is ingenious and environment-friendly.

================



======= Instance Index 145 =========
Input Text: The Grand Canyon was formed by the Colorado river by what?

Which is the correct answer?
- horses pulling carts directing the water
- the passage of time
- humans making great efforts
- the addition of dams

Target Text: the passage of time

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.794605
Retrieved Text: To stand on the South Rim and gaze into the Grand Canyon is to behold an awesome immensity of time. The Colorado River has incised a 450km-long chasm that in some places is 29km wide and 1.6km deep. Visitors to Grand Canyon National Park will learn that scientists believe the canyon is about 6m years old, relatively young by geological standards.
Now a few scientists want to call time out. The canyon is not 6m years old, they say, but more like 70m years old. That would push the Grand Canyon back into the Cretaceous, the era of dinosaurs.
This debate pits a young scientist against some veteran colleagues who are decades older, and centres on an iconic feature of the American landscape. New science is being applied to very old rocks, in service of the basic question of what it is, exactly, that we are looking at when we're staring into the Grand Canyon.
"Our data detects a major canyon sitting there about 70m years ago," said Rebecca Flowers, 36, a geologist at the University of Colorado and the lead author of a paper published online by the journal Science. "We know it's going to be controversial."
Correct: her research is being met with a chilly reception from those who champion the Young Canyon.
"It is simply ludicrous," said Karl Karlstrom, 61, a professor of geology at the University of New Mexico who has made more than 50 river trips through the canyon and helped create the Trail of Time exhibit at Grand Canyon National Park, which promulgates the estimate

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.63192
Retrieved Text: Republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article.
In 1541, a party of the Coronado expedition under Captain García López de Cardenas stood on the South Rim, 138 years before explorers found Niagara Falls, 167 before Yellowstone and almost 300 before Yosemite. A group scrambled down to the river but failed to reach it, and returned to announce that the buttes were much taller than the great tower of Seville. Then nothing. Some Coronado chroniclers did not even mention this side trip in their accounts.
A Franciscan friar, Francisco Tomas Garcés, tracing tribes up the Colorado River, then visited the rim in 1776, came across the Havasupai Tribe, and departed. Fur trappers based in Taos knew of the great gorge, which they called the Big Cañon, and shunned it. When they guided exploring parties of the U.S. Army Corps of Topographic Engineers in search of transportation routes, they steered the expeditions away from the canyon, which offered no passage by water or land.
The Grand Canyon in Depth: More Than a View– Grand Canyon In Depth is a video series that explores the natural and human history of Grand Canyon National Park. In Episode 01,’More Than A View,’ Park Ranger Stephanie Sutton invites us to go beyond the rim and explore all that Grand Canyon National Park has to offer; diverse life zones, landforms, and a rich cultural history. Produced by the National Park Service in association with Bristlecone Media and Grand Canyon Association, the official nonprofit partner of Grand Canyon National Park. Posted

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.734455
Retrieved Text: The modern course of the Colorado River was established by about five to six million years ago and the Grand Canyon began to appear. Since then, successive glacial periods followed by melting repeatedly sent large volumes of water down the Colorado River and its main tributary, Green River, rapidly increasing its depth. Some geologists think the depth of the Grand Canyon was doubled in this way during the last two million years.
The Colorado River now flows southwest through ever deeper Marble Canyon, which is carved directly up the slope of the surrounding Marble Plateau. All the side canyons meet the river angling upstream. From the air or on a small-scale map, the effect is striking; the Colorado River is flowing the wrong way.
Stream capture may account for the fact that the upper Colorado River east of the Grand Canyon appears to have once flowed in the opposite direction, probably fed by the Little Colorado River. The Little Colorado most likely drained mountain highlands in eastern Arizona, ultimately draining into an inland lake in the vicinity of the present Rocky Mountains.
According to the stream capture theory, around 70 million years ago what is now the upper Colorado River east of the Grand Canyon actually flowed in the opposite direction, fed by the Little Colorado River. The Little Colorado drained mountain highlands in eastern Arizona, ultimately draining into an inland lake in the vicinity of the present Rocky Mountains.
This process can be seen today in the eastern Grand Canyon where Seventyfive Mile Canyon is eroding away the saddle

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.125225
Retrieved Text: Grand Canyon is the masterpiece of nature, the true window into the time. But why are the Grand Canyon layers so special? It gives us the perfect view of how the earth was formed, through its layers, which we can clearly see, since they’re not hidden under the vegetation. When you are looking at those stones, you can read them as a book. But, do you know how to read them? With this tutorial, you will turn into the geologist in 10 minutes.
Grand Canyon is the deepest canyon in the world (1) formed during 2 billion years by different geological processes (2). It was discovered by the expedition of Spanish explorer Francisco Vásquez de Coronado on the Colorado river in years 1540 – 1540 (3) and according to National Geographic, nowadays Grand Canyon is the 2nd most visited National Park in the world (4).
The forming of Grand Canyon is the process that started unimaginably far in the past, much further than dinosaurs era. It was the long process of moving tectonic plates, sedimentation and erosion. But we don’t have 2 billion years to watch the whole process, so I have simplified it into the 5 points easily explainable on the picture below.
1. THE PRESSURE AND HEAT – At the very beginning, there was one big slow movement of two tectonic plates – North American plate and Pacific plate, across the Earth’s surface. The pressure and heat of this process has changed parts of these rocks into the dark rock which became the basement of Grand Canyon.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.022934
Retrieved Text: The Grand Canyon is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a National Park in the state of Arizona. It was formed by the Colorado River eroding its banks over millions of years and is: 227 long, up to 18 miles wide and is over a mile deep in places.
ride on mules up and down the canyon.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.579124
Retrieved Text: Champion Wilderness designation and protection for all suitable reaches of the Colorado River watershed, including the backcountry and Colorado River in Grand Canyon National Park.
Encourage allocation free management plans for all suitable reaches of the Colorado River watershed, including the Colorado River in Grand Canyon National Park.
Protect the wilderness resources of the Colorado River Watershed.
Promote the highest resource protection values through Wilderness management and stewardship activities on the Colorado River watershed. Safeguard non-allocated access to the Colorado River watershed for all recreational river runners.
Establish and safeguard a non-motorized Wilderness river corridor for the Colorado River through Grand Canyon National Park, including congressional wilderness designation for the backcountry and river in Grand Canyon National Park.
Establish and oversee a transparently fair state of the art access model that is not based on allocated set asides for any one user group on the Colorado River in Grand Canyon National Park.
Promote the highest resource protection values through stewardship activities on the Colorado River through Grand Canyon National Park, including service projects such as education of river runners, partnership with GCNP on data gathering and resource protection activities.
Before founding River Runners for Wilderness in 2002, Tom founded the Grand Canyon Private Boaters Association. He volunteers for the Grand Canyon Hikers and Backpackers Association, the Grand Canyon Historical Society, and worked as a physical therapist at the Grand Canyon Clinic at the South Rim for twenty years. Tom authored Day Hikes from the River, the first hiking guide written for river runners in Grand Canyon National Park, and with Duwain Whitis, Guide

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.346596
Retrieved Text: Imagine that you are in a glider, soaring over the Grand Canyon. You see layers of rock, red and yellow, brown and black. You see a deep gorge, as if someone has cut a trench a mile deep out of the layers of rock. Some places the cut is narrow, the walls steep, and some places the canyon widens out so that the walls stretch wide apart. And at the bottom, through the 277 miles of the canyon, runs the Colorado River.
Mostly, the river looks rather calm and quiet from above, oozing along the bottom of the great channel. But it's not quite right to think of the canyon as being the route that the river follows. In fact, the river is what carved the canyon.
Hundreds of millions of years ago, changes in the earth's climate brought changes to the environment where the Grand Canyon is now. At different times, deserts, swamps, and inland seas covered the area, alternately, for hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of years apiece.
With each new environment a new layer of sediment was deposited on top of the previous one. The weight from each new layer pressed and compacted the ones below, cementing each layer into rock.
Tectonic plates, blocks of the Earth's crust, shifted these layers of rock around. When the Kula and Farallon plates slid under the North American plate 75 million years ago the movement forced the land to push up, creating the mountains we now call the Rocky Mountain range. A similar movement 60 million years later formed

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.96994
Retrieved Text: The Grand Canyon is a steep-sided canyon carved by the Colorado River in the northern state of Arizona, USA. It is mostly situated within the Grand Canyon National Park, one of the first National Parks in the United States.
The course of Colorado River has eroded the terrain throughout millions of years. The Grand Canyon is 277 miles long, up to 18 miles wide, and reaches depths of over a mile.
The majority of the sedimentary rocks in the Grand Canyon range in age from 2 billion years old to 230 million years old.
The collision of tectonic plates uplifted all the region and created the Colorado Plateau, which lies between 6900 ft. and 9000 ft. above sea level. The Colorado River carved and eroded these sedimentary layers throughout thousands of years. As a result, the river carved this one mile deep canyon forming what we know today as the Grand Canyon. The river continues to actively erode the riverbed resulting in ever more ancient rocks coming to the surface. The result of all this erosion is one of the most complete geological columns on the planet.
The Grand Canyon offers many ways to admire its beautiful landscapes, from looking at its 7000 ft. above sea level from one of its vantage points, to stepping out over the void along the Skywalk, a spectacular transparent cantilever bridge suspended 4000 ft above the ground.
Live intense experiences at this Natural Reserve: explore the Grand Canyon aboard an airplane, flying over the wilderness in a helicopter, cleaving the waters of the Colorado River

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.914852
Retrieved Text: Grand Canyon Rafting with OARS | Life. Adventure. You.
Experience a once in a lifetime adventure through the Grand Canyon with OARS. Whether it is whitewater rafting through the rapids of the Colorado River, hiking up a beautiful side canyon, enjoying a relaxing river side camp, or simply unplugging from your normal life, the Grand Canyon is known to change people.
As one of the seven natural wonders of the world it’s no wonder that traveling through the Grand Canyon with OARS was labeled as a tour of a lifetime by National Geographic Traveler.
Beginning high in the Colorado Rockies the Colorado River traces its way through the mountains and into Grand Canyon National Park where it continues, 5000 feet below the rim of the canyon, through some of the world’s most amazing whitewater and scenery for 280 miles.
Whether you are soaking in the turquoise waters of Havasu or the Little Colorado, hiking up Deer Creek, hanging out in Red Wall Cavern, or charging through Lava Falls the Colorado River through Grand Canyon National Park will prove to be one of the most amazing experiences of your life.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.669456
Retrieved Text: Google loaded its Street View trekker onto a raft and set sail down the country's most endangered river: the Colorado River. This journey takes in views of the Grand Canyon and all sorts of other natural and geological sights, like the 36-mile rapids seen here.
The Colorado River has been around for more than 6 million years, carving 1,450 miles down the Rocky Mountains, through the deserts of Utah, Arizona, and Nevada, and emptying into the Gulf of California in Mexico. The Grand Canyon is so massive that it can be seen from outer space. Yet, because of its being excessively dammed, diverted, and plumbed, the river has been deemed "America's most endangered river."
Google partnered with American Rivers conservation group to map out the course of the Colorado River and highlight attractions along the way. Seen here is Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona.
Pictured here is North Canyon, which is a side canyon of the Grand Canyon and is made of Supai sandstone.
Google's Street View trekker managed to get images of local fauna, like this big horn sheep.
Vulcan's Anvil is one of the geological attractions along the Colorado River.
Because of being overly dammed and diverted, by the time the Colorado River reaches the Gulf of California in Mexico it's barely a trickle. Seen here is evidence of the river’s decline with sedimentation along the river’s edge down by Lake Mead.
One of the sights along the route is the Redwall Cavern, which was created by the Colorado River carving into the redwall limestone for thousands of years.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.64805
Retrieved Text: Scientists find a chasm as deep as the Grand Canyon tucked under a sheet of Arctic ice.
Buried beneath a mile of ice in the center of Greenland is a beautifully preserved canyon more than 460 miles long and reaching depths of 2600 feet—similar in scale to parts of the Grand Canyon. Geoscientists who scouted the hidden landscape using ice-penetrating radar, which maps the topography of the land under the ice, announced the discovery in today's issue of the journal Science.
In a press release, Jonathan Bamber of Bristol's School of Geographical Sciences, lead author of the study, said: "With Google Street View available for many cities around the world and digital maps for everything from population density to happiness one might assume that the landscape of the Earth has been fully explored and mapped. Our research shows there's still a lot left to discover."
The scientists know the canyon formed before Greenland was covered in ice 3.5 million years ago. Without additional information about the type of rocks around the canyon, they can't be more specific about its age. Thankfully, they know where to look.
"One of the only ways to get information about what was there before is to look at what is deposited offshore," Stuart Thomson says. Thompson, a geologist from the University of Arizona, has studied glaciers and glacial erosion in Antarctica but was not involved with this study.
Over centuries, a river carves a giant canyon through dramatic erosion, carrying away a huge amount of soil and rock. All that material has to go somewhere. It

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.42946
Retrieved Text: Palo Alto, CA—Geologists have found evidence that some 55 million years ago a river as big as the modern Colorado flowed through Arizona into Utah in the opposite direction from the present-day river. Writing in the October issue of the journal Geology, they have named this ancient northeastward-flowing river the California River, after its inferred source in the Mojave region of southern California.
Lead author Steven Davis, a post-doctoral researcher in the Department of Global Ecology at the Carnegie Institution, and his colleagues* discovered the ancient river system by comparing sedimentary deposits in Utah and southwest Arizona. By analyzing the uranium and lead isotopes in sand grains made of the mineral zircon, the researchers were able to determine that the sand at both localities came from the same source -- igneous bedrock in the Mojave region of southern California.
The river deposits in Utah, called the Colton Formation by geologists, formed a delta where the river emptied into a large lake. They are more than 400 miles (700 kilometers) to the northeast of their source in California. "The river was on a very similar scale to the modern Colorado-Green River system," says Davis, "but it flowed in the opposite direction." The modern Colorado River's headwaters are in the Rocky Mountains, flowing southeast to the river's mouth in the Gulf of California.
The deposits of the Colton Formation are approximately 55 million years old. Recently, other researchers have speculated that rivers older than the Colorado River may have carved an ancestral or "proto" Grand Canyon around this time, long before

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.189
Retrieved Text: The Grand Canyon is a steep-sided canyon carved by the Colorado River in the United States in the state of Arizona. It is contained within and managed by Grand Canyon National Park, the Hualapai Tribal Nation, and the Havasupai Tribe. The Grand Canyon is 277 miles (446 km) long, up to 18 miles (29 km) wide and attains a depth of over a mile (6,000 feet / 1,800 metres). Nearly two billion years of the Earth's geological history have been exposed as the Colorado River and its tributaries cut their channels through layer after layer of rock while the Colorado Plateau was uplifted. The Grand Canyon is considered one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World. Gallery from January 2012.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.141586
Retrieved Text: For millennia, the canyon has existed untouched amidst the elements, sculpted by water and wind, stacked in ever more layers of multihued rock, drawing wonder and awe from those fortunate to plumb or peer into its storied depths.
Yet the Grand Canyon as we know it – raw, rugged and largely free of visible human impact – is in jeopardy. In fact, the Colorado River in the Grand Canyon tops the 2015 list of America’s Most Endangered Rivers, an annual effort by the conservation group American Rivers to heighten awareness of rivers facing urgent threats.
The confluence of the Colorado and Little Colorado rivers, site of proposed Escalade development. Photo: Save the Confluence.
At issue is an enormous proposal to develop industrial-scale tourist attractions on the canyon’s east rim, including facilities in the very heart of the canyon floor. “Grand Canyon Escalade” is a proposed 2-million square-foot construction project on 420 acres of Navajo tribal land that abuts Grand Canyon National Park, about 12 miles east of Grand Canyon Village on the South Rim. The centerpiece of the $500-million-plus project is a 1.4-mile gondola tramway descending 3,200 feet to the bottom of a slot canyon at the confluence of the Colorado and Little Colorado rivers. The scenic site is sacred to many members of the Navajo, Hopi, Zuni, Havasupai and other tribes, who regard it as their place of origin from the underworld.
An 1,100-foot elevated walkway along the river would be constructed at the base, along with a food pavilion, amphitheater and restroom facilities.Currently, the canyon floor is accessible

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.99072
Retrieved Text: BIG, scary, huge, wild, wet and dangerous; these are just a few of the adjectives people often hear describing rapids on the Colorado River in Grand Canyon. Many videos and movies depict enormous rapids without end, resulting with rafts flipping all the time. For the novice rafter, this creates a misguided impression as to the true nature of the river and her rapids. The reality is that well over 95% of the river in Grand Canyon is flat, calm water. In fact, many of the named rapids on the Colorado River are not that huge and are quite easily navigated.
See a definition of each italicized word in this article in the Grand Canyon Glossary.
The Colorado River through Grand Canyon has a very low average gradient of just under 8 feet per mile. In the case of the Colorado in Grand Canyon, the average gradient covers about 277 miles from Lees Ferry to Grand Wash Cliffs. Compare that to the Missouri River which at its steepest averages 9 feet per mile, and that section has no whitewater. Most commercially rafted whitewater rivers have gradients between 25 and 60 feet per mile! The low gradient of the Colorado River through Grand Canyon would lead one to believe it is a flat water river, yet there are about 83 rapids. So why are there ANY rapids at all and why are some of those rapids so big in Grand Canyon?
The answer lies in the numerous side canyons and drainages of the Grand Canyon. Most of the side canyons and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.980915
Retrieved Text: At 277 miles long and 18 miles wide, The Grand Canyon is truly an amazing sight to behold. In fact, it is one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World! Etched out of the rock by the Colorado River over a period of seventeen million years, this stunning testament to Mother Nature has a rich history that delights anthropologists, geologists, archaeologists and historians alike. The Grand Canyon also delights five million visitors every year. People from every part of the world come to experience the stunning views, rich history and outdoors adventures that the canyon has to offer. From the remains of ancient civilizations to a heart-thumping rafting expedition down the Colorado River rapids, The Grand Canyon is unique place that has something to offer everyone.
The Grand Canyon was formed over a period of millions of years by the Colorado River, as it slowly wore the rock down layer by layer. The first humans to live in the Grand Canyon area were called the Paleo-Indians, and archaeological evidence found by scientists in the canyon shows that probably settled there around 10,000 BC. From 6,500 B.C until 1,300 A.D, The Pueblo people called The Grand Canyon home. From ancient times when they hunted mammoth and decorated the walls of the rocks with paintings called pictographs, until the later years of their inhabitance when they began to farm, make pottery and build homes called Kivas, these people dominated the area for thousands of years. Mysteriously, they abandoned their homes around 1,300 A.D, and relocated to other areas

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.669556
Retrieved Text: Nearly five million people see the 1 mile deep (1.6 km) Grand Canyon each year. Most of them see it from their car at overlooks along the South Rim (this includes Grand Canyon Village, Hermits Rest, and Desert View). The South Rim is the most accessible part of the park and is open all year.
A much smaller number of people see the Canyon from theNorth Rim, which lies just 10 miles / 16 km (as the condorflies) directly across the Canyon from the South Rim. The North Rim rises a thousand feet higher than the South Rim, and is much less accessible. Heavy snows close the road to the North Rim from late October to mid May of each year. Even in good weather it's harder to get to. It is 220 miles / 354 km by car from the South Rim, or 21 miles / 34 km by foot across the Canyon by way of the North and South Kaibab Trails.
The Inner Canyon includes everything below the rim and is seen mainly by hikers, mule riders, or river runners. There are many opportunities here for adventurous and hardy persons who want to backpack, ride a mule to Phantom Ranch, or take a river trip through the Canyon on the Colorado River (which can take anywhere from a few days to three weeks - there are no one-day river trips through Grand Canyon).
A steep gorge by the Colorado River, Arizona in the United States, the Grand Canyon has some truly enjoyable scenery. It is 277 miles

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.6328
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Canyoneers, the oldest river running outfitter in Grand Canyon, operating since 1938 and still family owned.
You’ll leave the hectic pace of modern daily life behind as we descend into the Grand Canyon gorge on a Canyoneers’ whitewater rafting adventure down the Colorado River. You’ll be immersed in southwestern canyon formations and colors, and you’ll bond with fellow adventurers as you adapt to the Grand Canyon’s rugged river environment.
Your days will be relaxed and exhilarating as we soak up the sun and cool down in the spray of the rapids on our floats downriver to our evening campsites. We’ll stop to hike some of the Canyon’s most unique and beautiful geologic wonders, learn the natural history, frolic and play in the warmer side canyon streams, view waterfalls and lush vegetation, and investigate archeological dwellings of the ancient ones.
Canyoneers offers two types of boats for our Colorado River whitewater trips — motorized pontoon boats and exclusively oar rafts. The motorized boats are faster with shorter trips than the more leisurely oar rafts. Our oar trips are accompanied by the Sandra, an historic wooden cataract boat used by Norm Nevills on his trips in the 1930s.
We offer tours on 3 different sections of the Grand Canyon to accommodate our customers’ diverse touring schedules. Two tours require hiking into or out of the Grand Canyon, and we provide a mule duffel service for your clothing and gear to eliminate hiking with a large, heavy pack.
Full Canyon Tours: See the entire Grand Canyon, cover 280 river miles, and ride

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.582077
Retrieved Text: Home Colorado Plateau Archives Mouth of Havasu Canyon at the Colorado River, Grand Canyon.
Mouth of Havasu Canyon at the Colorado River, Grand Canyon.
Title Mouth of Havasu Canyon at the Colorado River, Grand Canyon.
Post a Comment for Mouth of Havasu Canyon at the Colorado River, Grand Canyon.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.46314
Retrieved Text: In northern Arizona lies one of the Seven Wonders of the World, the Grand Canyon. The Grand Canyon is a massive canyon of red rock. At the bottom of the canyon runs the Colorado River. The Grand Canyon is over 277 miles long and over 1 mile deep. It is up to 18 miles wide and getting wider.
The Grand Canyon was made by the Colorado River. The river has run through this area for almost 2 billion years, carving the rock into a canyon. Native Americans have lived around the Grand Canyon for thousands of years. Today, almost 5 million visitors come every year to marvel at the canyon.
People like to go hiking and rafting in the canyon. Hiking the Grand Canyon is thrilling, but dangerous. You can also camp in the Grand Canyon. People coming to the Grand Canyon should be careful though. Hiking here is very hard and people often must be rescued because they become too tired or dehydrated to continue. Over 600 people have died in the Grand Canyon in the last 150 years.
People enjoy hiking, camping and rafting in the Grand Canyon.
The ancient Pueblo Indians first inhabited the Grand Canyon over 3,000 years ago. They used the caves for shelter and stored grain in rooms cut out of the rocks.
The Grand Canyon was a sacred site to the pueblo people. They made pilgrimages to it.
People take helicopter rides into the canyon.
The canyon is 4 miles across at the narrowest point.
President Theodore Roosevelt often visited the canyon to tour and hunt. He

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.335693
Retrieved Text: "The CRMP revision will specify who gets to go on Grand Canyon river trips in the future. A common argument voiced by young private boaters, who want to take trips away from professionally-outfitted passengers to use for themselves, is that people who need or prefer the services of a professional outfitter "don't deserve" Grand Canyon river trips."
According to River Runners For Wilderness (www.rrfw.org), the 1998 Shelby Hall study http://www.research.vt.edu/resmag/resmag2001/grand_canyon.html notes the average age of Grand Canyon river runners is 43, with only a few years separating the non-commercial from commercial river runners. Grand Canyon River Concessions have 75% of the Canyon's access, while the do-it-yourself visitors have the remainder. There are over 7000 do-it-yourself permits pending to raft the Grand Canyon. At present, river outfitters do not want to share any of their majority access with anyone else, young or old, even though 45 percent of commercial boaters have family incomes of more than $100,000. Only 12% of the countries families are in this earning bracket. "I've been active in this issue for over 6 years, and no one I've spoken with is saying anything about concessions passengers not deserving access to Grand Canyon Trips" noted Tom Martin, RRFW Grand Canyon Coordinator. "On the contrary, the American public needs low cost concessions services, because the average American can not afford the river concessionaires prices. On top of that, most concessions passengers I've spoken with agree the split allocation system is unfair to everyone involved."
"This year, as for each of the past fifteen years, about 19,000 visitors

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.201603
Retrieved Text: Last Friday, The Daily Post chose Endurance for the weekly photo challenge. Endurance can be seen in so many different things and in so many different ways. I’ve had a pretty long and tiring week with lots of work on my plate and grading up to my eyeballs to complete so endurance is a pretty significant theme for me this week!
The example The Daily Post shared was of a Mayan ruin and spoke about how ruins such as that one have weathered the test of time. I have seen a few ruins myself, but wanted to go with something a little bit different. I went to Las Vegas during spring break of 2013 for a few days and no my example of endurance isn’t being able to stay up all night at the club and casino! My friend and I went on a day excursion to the Grand Canyon. Unfortunately, since it was only a day trip and is a few hours from Vegas, our time at the Grand Canyon was limited. However, it was still amazing to get to experience the sight with my own eyes. I chose this image because the Grand Canyon was formed by the Colorado River millions of years ago. Over time the river carved it’s way through all this rock and land, slowly eroded the land, and lifted up plateaus. I don’t really know how long it took, but I imagine it took a long time considering how massive the Grand Canyon is. Talk about endurance!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.098164
Retrieved Text: The Black Canyon of the Gunnison River is among the most inaccessible canyons in the United States. The distance between its north and south rims is as small as 1,100 feet (335 meters), yet the striped "Painted Wall" shown in the photo above is the tallest vertical wall in the state of Colorado with a height of 2,250 feet (686 meters). The name "Black Canyon" derives from the fact that the canyon is so deep and narrow that parts of it receive only 33 minutes of sunlight per day. Pleasing photographs are best taken on an uncommon overcast day, or during twilight to avoid harsh shadows.
The Gunnison River drops at an average of 95 feet per mile through the National Park. By comparison, the Colorado River drops an average of 7.5 feet per mile through Grand Canyon National Park. In the most turbulent section the Gunnison River drops 240 feet per mile (45 m/km).
The stripes in the Painted Wall shown in the photograph above are granite-like igneous rock that formed as hot magma forced its way into cracks. It cooled slowly, allowing large crystals of the pinkish mineral potassium feldspar to form. It is also loaded with shiny muscovite (mus'-ko-vite), which is also known as mica.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.02719
Retrieved Text: More than two months after the U.S. Department of Interior released a disturbing report confirming a history of sexual harassment among river guides employed by the National Park Service in the Grand Canyon, superintendent David Uberuaga announced that he was dissolving the entire department, known as the River District.
Grand Canyon National Park’s River District was a Federal body responsible for managing the park’s river trips along the Colorado River through the Grand Canyon. The River District ran about a dozen trips per year for various purposes including scientific research and shoreline and trail maintenance. Trip participants often came from other units in the park, such as the National Park Service’s Vegetation Inventory Program as well as volunteer organizations, commercial contractors, and educational programs. The River District also had law enforcement and emergency-services jurisdiction over the Colorado River Corridor of Grand Canyon National Park. The river guiding responsibilities will now be contracted out.
The report surfaced 15 years of a river culture gone awry, creating, according to the report, “a sexually hostile work environment.” James Doyle, spokesman for the Park Service, told High Country News that Uberuaga dissolved the river district to have a fresh start and review of its mission and responsibilities.
Under Uberuaga’s new structure, Grand Canyon National Park will continue to patrol the canyon, just not through the now-defunct river district. The river community’s response has been mixed, praising Uberuaga for owning up to the issue and taking swift action, while simultaneously criticizing him for keeping all six former employees of the river district, including one

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.878994
Retrieved Text: When I see the Mississippi River a-flowin' by my transmissionless van, I picture a glorious future for tourism in St. Louis, because it makes me think of the Colorado River. A couple million years ago, the Colorado River tweren't nothin' much, just a wide ribbon of water flowing through the Arizona desert — kinda like the Mississippi and St. Louis currently, only we have fewer cacti and more barges. But now, now that same Colorado River sits at the bottom of the Grand Canyon, and people the world over flock to see it and gawk. That could be St. Louis at the bottom of a big famous canyon — except we may not have a few million years to let the Mississip' do its thing. As Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. and Wade Davis discover in the OMNIMAX film, Grand Canyon Adventure: River at Risk, no river is guaranteed a future. Pollution and over-development threaten most of the world's waterways — we could be facing a water crisis of global proportions by 2050, according to a U.N. study. Kennedy and Davis and their respective daughters (Kick and Tara) journey down the Colorado by raft (with a soundtrack by Dave Matthews Band) to see the damage wrought and learn how the river can be saved for future generations. Grand Canyon Adventure screens daily at the Saint Louis Science Center OMNIMAX theater (5050 Oakland Avenue; 314-289-4400 or www.slsc.org) through Thursday, July 2. Tickets are $7 to $8.
Tags: Night & Day, Highlights, St. Louis, Colorado River, Grand Canyon National Park,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.831818
Retrieved Text: PAGE, Ariz. – Recreational users of the Colorado River below Glen Canyon Dam are being warned to use caution as a high-flow experiment will send water flooding downstream through Glen Canyon National Recreation Area and Grand Canyon National Park the second week in November.
Up to 36,000 cubic-feet-per-second will be released beginning Nov. 7 causing high water in the river. Water releases will continue for four days.
Caution is urged for the entire week of Nov. 7 as the high water moves downstream.
Flow level information will be posted at multiple locations in both Glen Canyon National Recreation Area and Grand Canyon National Park, officials said in a statement.
It will take several hours following the water releases for high-flow waters to reach and then recede at downstream locations in the canyons.
The high-flow experimental releases of water from the dam are designed to mimic the natural seasonal flooding of the Colorado River through the Glen and Grand canyons that occurred before the construction of Glen Canyon Dam. This will be the fourth such release.
Releases are timed to occur following sediment deposits to the Colorado River from downstream tributaries so that sand stored in the river channel can be picked up by the high-volume water releases and be redeposited downstream as sandbars and beaches.
This year, according to the news release, a significant amount of sediment has been deposited since July as the result of heavy rain and monsoonal activity.
Sand features and associated backwater habitats can provide key fish and wildlife habitat, potentially reduce erosion of archaeological sites, restore and enhance riparian

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.720303
Retrieved Text: Rita, looking at some prarie flowers at Big Basin Prarie Reserve (St. Jacob's Well), Kansas.
Shops along the street, Creede, Colorado.
Gary in the hot springs at Pagosa Springs, Colorado. Behind is the San Juan River.
Rita in the hot springs at Pagosa Springs, Colorado. The San Juan river in the background.
Spa at Pagosa Hot Springs, Pagosa Springs, Colorado.
Rita and our tent in the Palisades Campground, which is located in the Rio Grande National Forest between Creede and South Fork, Colorado.
Rita cooking on the home-made 'rocket stove' - Palisades Campground, Rio Grande National Forest, Colorado.
A short video of Gary demonstrating his hobo rocket stove, made from a gallon paint can, some stove pipe and scrap metal.
Water droplet on aspen leaf. Palisades Campground, Rio Grande National Forest, Colorado.
Mushrooms seen in the Palisades Campground, Rio Grande National Forest, Colorado.
The Navajo Generating Station near Lake Powell and the Arizona-Utah state line.
Glen Canyon Dam, near Page, Arizona. Behind the dam is Lake Powell, most of which is in Utah.
Rita's panorama of Lake Powell, Arizona.
Gary, looking at Lake Powell in the distance; photo by Rita.
Rita looking at Lake Powell in the distance.
When we discovered our intended route had been closed by a landslide - a year ago - Rita found this scenic shortcut, called House Rock Road, which parallels the Vermillion Cliffs in Arizona. "HIgh clearance 4-WD recommended." There was only one really bad place - the rest was OK dirt and gravel (on a dry day).
Gary standing in the arroyo next to House Rock Road in Arizona.
Rainey day on the North Rim. This

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.682335
Retrieved Text: It was part of a new era of refined dam operations that began after the passage of the Grand Canyon Protection Act in 1992.
After that legislation was enacted, the Department of the Interior did an extensive environmental analysis of the impacts of the operations of Glen Canyon Dam on the resources downstream in Glen and Grand Canyons.
That analysis was then used to determine a new method of operating the dam that dampened down the wide fluctuations in flow that had occurred previously.
We also adopted an adaptive management strategy that features an on-going cycle of learning through scientific experimentation, learning through doing, and improvement over time.
That is exactly what we’ve been doing over last the 16 years.
One of the components of the adaptive management strategy has been experimental high flow releases from the dam.
We’ve done three of those, first in 1996, then in 2004, and again in 2008.
These high flow experiments were designed to mimic the pre-dam natural flooding of the Colorado River to conserve and redistribute sediment and improve the resources downstream of the dam.
Before, during, and after each one, we’ve monitored the condition of the various resources, like fish, and sand, and habitat, to get a better handle on what effect the releases were having.
Today, we have a wealth of scientific knowledge and insight that we simply didn’t have back in 1996, and we’ve used that information to improve our stewardship of the Colorado River downstream from the Dam.
This year we completed two important efforts that represent milestones in the history of the River.
endangered native

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.67798
Retrieved Text: Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona, a world heritage site, covers 1 904 sq miles. The Grand Canyon, the jewel in Arizona’s crown, is one of the great natural wonders of the world, the result of erosion on a monumental scale over 6 million years . The fast-flowing Colorado River cut through the Colorado Plateau and is entirely responsible for the depth of the canyon. The width of the canyon was formed by the effects of wind, rain and, most effectively, ice.
Statistics help illustrate the vast size of the canyon - 217 miles long, between 4 - 18 miles wide and over 5 000ft deep.
The constant play of sunshine and shadow over the coloured rings of limestone, sandstone and shale in the cliffs is awe-inspiring and dramatic, particularly at dawn and dusk when a kaleidoscope of colours turns the canyon into a surreal and magical wilderness.
The canyon is divided into North Rim and South Rim. At 8 000ft, North Rim is not easily accessible (closed by heavy snow in winter). It is therefore still an unexplored peaceful wilderness of forests and wildlife. Hike to Point Imperial, the highest point on the Rim, passing Vista Encantada, a delightful picnic spot, along the way.
South Rim, open all year, is easily accessible, and has many splendid viewing points, including Grandview Point, the highest at 7 400ft, along Desert View Drive. This may have been the sight that greeted the first Spanish explorers in 1540. Desert View, another spectacular viewing point, has a stone Watchtower designed by architect Mary Colter,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.67762
Retrieved Text: Description: SEE, storage store in a cool, dry place. Paella is the most popular, well known Spanish dish. It is also worth sampling these excellent Serrano hams.
Take an airplane to Grand Canyon code reduction basketstore.fr West where a helicopter will whisk you 4,000 feet to the bottom to meet pontoon boats for a cruise up river. NOW 385 Join Sundance on their #1 Helicopter Tour - a perfect blend of luxury and romance! Skywalk Express Helicopter Skywalk Tour : free gift! Other Destinations, other Links * featured deals las Vegas Night Flight (PLS-2-DC) : 50 OFF WAS 119.00. NOW only 369 Travel in luxury SUV with photo stops at Hoover Dam and Joshua Tree Forest to Grand Canyon West. Pilots narrate the views of landmarks such. From 389 Board a Papillon luxury helicopter for the scenic grandeur of Grand Canyon West, views of Lake Mead, Boulder City, and the Hoover Dam along the way.
Board a helicopter for a breathtaking flight to lidl magasin bon de reduction the bottom of the Canyon where you can explore and take photos. Soar by helicopter from Las Vegas over Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, and then to the bottom of the Canyon for a pontoon boat ride on the Colorado River. Take an airplane with, grand Canyon Scenic Airlines to the, south Rim for a 3-hours guided scenic bus tour of, grand Canyon National Park. Descend 3,200ft to land inside the Canyon for a champagne picnic and some exploring. This narrated 60-70 minute helicopter flight offers spectacular views of Lake Mead,

================



======= Instance Index 187 =========
Input Text: A winter storm is ravaging a city, so weather advisories are put out to the public. However, a man still need to get to work on time, so he takes his car on the highway. While driving, he discovers

Which is the correct answer?
- the roads are clear
- it is difficult to see
- the car is very hot
- the streets are empty

Target Text: it is difficult to see

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.757023
Retrieved Text: To anyone who thought March would bring some relief from the miserable weather the Big Apple has endured the past few months: The winter isn't over yet. Another winter storm is on its way right now, carving a 1,500-mile slushy swath from northern Texas all the way to Massachusetts.
This storm might not bring the same bone-chilling low temperatures that the city has seen in previous weeks. Temperatures are expecting to hover in the 20s and low 30s tonight and tomorrow, although they could dip into the teens on Friday.
So far, the New York City Metropolitan Transportation Authority hasn't issued any weather-related advisories, so we're looking at business-as-usual for the city's public-transit commuters. But snow, sleet, and fog could present trouble on the road for drivers, and the National Weather Service has issued a hazardous weather outlook for New York City and surrounding areas, effective through Thursday night.
With spring just a few weeks away, here's hoping tonight's winter storm will be the last of the season.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.591766
Retrieved Text: Winter Weather – Watch, Advisory or Warning?
The National Weather Service is tasked with issuing alerts when inclement winter weather is forecast. It’s important to know the differences between Watches, Advisories and Warnings.
Winter Storm Watch: Severe winter weather is possible in the next 1 to 3 days. Impacts could change, so keep up with the latest information – especially if you have travel plans.
Winter Weather Advisory: Winter weather – such as snow, sleet, icing (freezing rain), gusty winds and/or cold temperatures is expected within the next 24 hours. This will result mainly in travel problems / delays. If you plan on spending time outdoors, be prepared to stay as dry and warm as possible. Advisories for snow are issued for 2 to 5 inches. Advisories for ice are for icing less than 1/4″ thick.
Winter Storm Warning: A Winter Storm is expected within 24 hours. It is expected to result in signficant amounts of snow, sleet, icing, very gusty winds and/or extremely cold temperatures. The impacts will be significant with hazardous travel and possibly extended power outages. Getting stranded outdoors could be deadly.
Warnings for snow are for 6 inches or more. Warnings for icing are for more than 1/4″ thick, which can cause damage to trees and power lines.
I have to say this has not been our winter for snow here in the ntehowrst suburbs of Baltimore county.. we totally missed the xmas blizzard , but the eastern shore got rocked....we have had a few small hits and the storm that lasted about 7 hours a few weeks

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.185
Retrieved Text: The storm system moving through the area overnight Tuesday into Wednesday is turning out to be pretty complicated.
Early Tuesday night, the National Weather Service dropped Winter Weather Advisories across New York City and Southern Westchester, coastal Connecticut and portions of Northeast New Jersey as warmer air is expected and a changeover to plain rain is forecast, which will lower amounts in those areas.
But it will be a different story north of I-287, where advisories are in effect for Northern Westchester and Rockland through noon Wednesday, and especially north of I-84, where warnings are in effect for Orange and Putnam until noon Wednesday, and Dutchess, where the warning lasts till 3 p.m.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.971523
Retrieved Text: It is the fifth storm system to cross the nation over the past two weeks. Identified here last week, this storm looks to track south of the state and places most of Central and Northern Indiana in the swath of heavy wet snow. Last week, a consensus of computer models had the storm south but over the weekend, a few forecasts strayed from the solution. Late Monday, there is much more agreement now among the suite of models for the southern solution.
Winter storm warnings and advisories extend from North Dakota to Maryland with over a dozen states to be impacted by the storms wintry wrath. the national Weather Service has extended winter weather advisories as far south as Bloomington and Bedford while upgrading most of Northern Indiana to a winter storm warning.
As first forecasted last week, the northern low pressure system will dive south Tuesday morning and slowly phase with a secondary low in the Central Plains. This low becomes the main storm as it tracks into southeast Kentucky Wednesday morning. A broad area of accumulating snow will be deposited north of the surface low track. The position of this low is favorable for heavy snow here.
Accumulation is likely to really ramp up in the city toward sunset Tuesday. A switch from rain to snow will start from northwest to southeast through the night into early Wednesday morning. Areas north of Indianapolis are likely to get into the snow earlier and stay in it longer so higher accumulation amounts are likely.
The amount of moisture available for

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.37061
Retrieved Text: The Windy City, Chicago, Illinois, is no stranger to snow, but an upcoming weather event may be the most brutal storm of the season for the American midwest, and may well end up being one of the most dangerous blizzards in Chicago history. Thanks to an unusual combination of freezing weather from Canada and hot, moist air from Texas, an epic blizzard is forming over most of the midwest. Chicago and other major cities stretching from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, to Caribou, Maine, are facing severe winter storms.
This storm will dwarf New York’s Christmas blizzard. The Texas panhandle will be in the single digits. Up to 100 million people will be affected by the snow, ice, and terrible weather. Twenty US states fall under winter weather advisories, from New Mexico to New Jersey and every state in between. In some areas, temperatures will be 50 degrees below normal! Yeesh; be careful out there, America, and stay OFF the roads.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.15301
Retrieved Text: PIERRE, S.D. – A major winter storm is forecast to bring heavy snow and strong winds across much of South Dakota that will hamper weekend travel from Thursday evening to Sunday.
The National Weather Service said the storm will begin Thursday evening with snow in western South Dakota and move east. Rain and freezing rain will precede the heavy snow in central, north central and northeastern parts of the state.
Along with the heavy, wet snow, winds from 15-40 mph and gusts up to 55 mph will create blizzard conditions and hazardous travel across much of the state Friday and into Saturday.
The National Weather Service has issued a Winter Storm Warning for parts of the northwest, southwest and Black Hills area and a blizzard warning for the rest of the state from Rapid City to Minnesota.
Conditions will deteriorate rapidly overnight and throughout the day on Friday as the storm pushes east. People with travel plans should travel today (Thursday) and plan to stay put until the storm has passed.
Travelers are reminded that Department of Transportation crews will plow until conditions allow and with the significant forecasted snow totals and high winds, it will take some time for them to get roads clear and open again. If an interstate is closed, do not assume other highways are in any better condition.
People who must travel are strongly encouraged to visit www.safetravelusa..com/sd, call 511 or download the SDDOT 511 app to check the latest road conditions and travel advisories before heading out.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.133617
Retrieved Text: Each year, the National Weather Service issues numerous winter watches, warnings and advisories. Knowledge of those products is a critical element in winter weather preparations.
Winter Weather Advisory: Winter weather conditions are expected to cause significant inconveniences and may be hazardous. If caution is exercised, these situations should not become life threatening. The greatest hazard is often to motorists.
Winter Storm Watch: Dangerous winter weather is expected within the next two days, but the exact timing, location or occurrence of the storm is still uncertain. This is the time to prepare.
Winter Storm Warning: Dangerous winter weather is likely. If not already occurring, it is expected to occur within several hours. Travel will likely become hazardous, if not impossible. You should be ready for the storm by this time. Stay indoors!
Blizzard Warning: The most dangerous of all winter weather storms will occur in your area. A combination of winds 35 mph or greater and heavy snow and/or blowing snow with visibilities less than ¼ mile for three or more hours is expected in the Warning area. Blinding snow ("white out"), deep drifts and life threatening wind chill will occur. Travel will be dangerous and should not be attempted. You should seek refuge immediately!
The primary concerns of any severe winter storm are cold weather exposure, the potential loss of heat, power, telephone service, difficulties in travel and transportation, and a shortage of supplies if storm conditions continue for more than a day. Have an Emergency Kit handy during any severe winter storm.
The wind chill is based on the rate of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.839577
Retrieved Text: Western Maryland was greeted with a winter storm warning this morning. Weather advisories to stay off the roads with a number of cars in ditches etc. But I was out in a tree 15 feet up with freezing rain, high winds and snow. Didn't last long though. Finally went home to take a hot shower and dry off everything and regroup to hunt another day!
You guys out east probably have more ugliness heading your way. Just started snowing here about an hour ago, we're supposed to get 4-8" tonight. Sent all the kids home yesterday after lunch so they didn't have to drive in the slop today. Sounds like my daughter at Iowa State missed the storm entirely. My son in Kansas City area only got a couple of inches. Other daughter was driving east - storm hasn't caught up with her yet. Heavy winds here tonight - gusts to 45 - lights are flickering a bit, we may get to see how that new automatic generator setup works this evening. Be safe!
We have a winter weather storm watch here from 1 am to 1pm monday, winds up to 35 mph and 4-6 " of snow. Somehow the forecast doesn't seem to materialize as predicted but time will tell. I'm planning to go out in the morning.
And it continues. Tomorrow should have snow showers with 18 mph winds. Our deer don't move much in that.
Wow, the wind all season has been a pain this year. Good luck!
Bearclaw I feel your pain, with nearly 3 weeks in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.692673
Retrieved Text: ROCKFORD (WREX) – A second round of freezing rain and sleet will make roads slick in spots again tonight and Thursday morning.
Freezing rain and sleet spreads throughout the Stateline through this evening. The showers will be lighter and more scattered, so amounts should be lighter than Tuesday night’s ice storm. However, 1/10″ to up to 2/10″ may be enough to cause slick roads for a second night in a row. Drive with plenty of caution through Thursday morning.
The light and scattered freezing rain continues overnight and wraps up early Thursday morning as temperatures warm. Watch out for icy roads throughout the morning commute.
Winter Weather Advisories from the National Weather Service are in effect until Thursday. Advisories expire in Winnebago, Boone, Ogle, Lee, and DeKalb counties at 9 am. Stephenson, Jo Daviess, Carroll, and Whiteside counties will be under the Advisories until 6 pm Thursday, as freezing rain will last a little longer in the day.
By the end of the morning, rain showers take over and fall for much of Thursday morning and the afternoon. Occasionally, heavier showers or brief downpours may hit the area. Roads will be wet, and possibly full of puddles through the afternoon. This will make driving difficult, even if ice isn’t a factor.
Colder air will push in behind this storm, so eventually the rain showers transition over to light snow showers by Thursday evening. 1/2″ or less for snow is expected, so roads won’t be too slushy. Be ready for slippery driving conditions just in case. Closer to 1″ of snow may

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.903385
Retrieved Text: After receiving 2.3 inches of snow overnight Thursday into Friday, Cherry Hill could receive more snow on Saturday afternoon.
Public works crews in Cherry Hill and around the region are preparing for the possibility of more snow on Saturday after a couple inches fell in the area Thursday night into Friday.
There is a lot of uncertainty surrounding the weather system, which is expected to arrive on Saturday. National Weather Service forecasters are not ruling out accumulating snow of two inches or more. Areas closer to the coast are forecaster for higher snow totals.
Camden County Freeholder Susan Shin Angulo, liaison to the Camden County Department of Public Works, said crews are preparing to treat the roads again ahead of Saturday’s weather system.
“Our crews were treating county roads throughout the night, and will continue with this operation in anticipation of the next storm system expected to arrive in the early morning hours tomorrow,” she said.
On Thursday, National Weather Service totals show Cherry Hill was one of the areas receiving the most snow. The township received 2.3 inches as of 3 a.m. on Friday morning.
As of noon on Friday afternoon, Cherry Hill was not under any winter weather advisories. Counties bordering the coast in South Jersey were under either a Winter Storm Watch or a Winter Storm Warning.
If snow hits the area tomorrow, residents are asked to try and remain off the roads.
The county will also be under a Code Blue advisory from 6 p.m. on Friday through 6 a.m. on Saturday. When the Camden County Health Officer declares a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.90205
Retrieved Text: Winter Weather Advisories remain in effect for the Southern Tier and northern Pennsylvania through Friday morning.
Buffalo, NY — Winter Weather Advisories continue for the Southern Tier and northern Pennsylvania through Friday morning.
A band of lake effect will continue to move through the Southern Tier and northern PA through midnight Thursday into Friday. Snowfall rates may reach 2 inches per hour. Fortunately the band of snow is moving along quickly and will not cause long periods of disruptive weather. An additional 1 to 3 inches is possible in this area.
The heaviest snow is over for the Niagara Frontier, Genesee Valley and Southtowns. This includes the Buffalo metro area. A few scattered snow showers are possible in these areas overnight and into Friday morning, but minimal accumulation is expected.
You can track the snow using Storm Team 2's radar here.
Winds will slowly weaken overnight but areas of blowing and drifting are still possible, especially south of Buffalo.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.36173
Retrieved Text: class="page-template-default page page-id-115122 custom-background group-blog header-image full-width singular wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-5.7 vc_responsive"
Winter Weather Advisories remain in effect for all of eastern Wyoming and the southwestern Nebraska Panhandle (Banner, Cheyenne, Kimball, Morrill, and Scotts Bluff counties). The advisories remain in effect until 5:00pm this afternoon.
Outside of our area, winter weather advisories are in effect for southern Nebraska and northeast Colorado. A Winter Storm Warnings is in effect for areas around Riverton, Casper, and Lander.
TIMING: Areas of snow will taper off to flurries this afternoon. There still may be a little bit of light freezing drizzle this afternoon, mainly along the I-80 corridor. There is the chance of precipitation (mainly in the form of snow) through the weekend.
TRAVEL IMPACTS: Road conditions are becoming somewhat better across the region, especially as Department of Roads crews continue to work on cutting through ice and snow. There are still areas of slick and icy conditions across the region. Slow down, turn off your cruise control, and allow extra time for your commute.
SNOW ACCUMULATIONS: Additional snowfall accumulations across the area should generally be less than an inch.
WINDS: Winds are expected to be relatively light, generally only 5 to 15 mph. These winds will be strong enough though to cause the light snow to blow around and produce cold wind chills.
TEMPERATURES: Temperatures tonight will fall into the single digits, with highs Friday only in the lower 20s. Wind chills will be below zero at times. Below normal temperatures are expected into early next week.
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?: The impacts of this storm will be

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.782295
Retrieved Text: SKYWARN® is a national network of volunteer severe weather spotters. The spotters are trained by local National Weather Service Forecast Offices on how to spot severe thunderstorms, tornadoes, hail and flooding. In some parts of the country, spotters also report snowfall and ice accumulation.
The Baltimore/Washington Forecast Office has been recruiting and training spotters into its expanded network since 1990. We currently have over 5000 Spotters who cover 44 counties, 11 Independent Cities plus Baltimore City and the District of Columbia. Our network stretches west from the Chesapeake Bay across the eastern panhandle of West Virginia and south from the Mason-Dixon Line through Fredericksburg, Charlottesville and Staunton in Virginia.
Our volunteers are people who either have a strong interest in weather or are public service oriented such as amateur radio operators, REACT members, or emergency response personnel. Our spotters are all ages beginning as young as 14 and range well into retirement age. We have farmers, pilots, engineers, housewives, lawyers, television cameramen, teachers, students, firemen, and more. Our volunteers are truly diverse but with a common interest in weather and a strong desire to help their community.
When hazardous weather occurs such as severe thunderstorms, floods, tornadoes, snow and ice storms, our volunteers report what is happening at their location. They are asked to report whenever certain criteria are met such as when one inch of rain has fallen, four inches of snow is on the ground, a thunderstorm is producing hail, or trees have been blown down. Reports arrive at our office via the telephone, internet, and amateur

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.36855
Retrieved Text: Greenville is still feeling the effects of Winter Storm Diego, which dumped snow and ice across the Upstate.
Greenville County is thawing out after two days of rare winter weather that left parts of the county under several inches of snow and thousands without power.
Here's a recap of what we saw during Winter Storm Diego.
The city is still cleaning up the remnants of the storm, having deployed its public works and emergency response crews into overtime.
The exact ultimate cost won't be known until the final bit of snow melts and the last tree limb is cleared, but the city says this storm should fall in line with the cost of other winter storms of typical scale.
That would be about $20,000, most through overtime pay, interim assistant to the city manager Matt Efird said.
Through the course of the worst of the storm, the city had paid just under $16,000 in overtime.
The overall cost estimate is based on a winter storm of similar scale almost exactly the same time last year that thawed relatively quickly.
The cost of a typical storm is incorporated into the city's existing budget and are predictable unless a storm is of a magnitude that state or federal assistance is required, Efird said.
"Other costs for storm response are comparably minimal," he said, "and would include additional fuel and supplies such as sand and salt that we would order in greater quantities, but those costs are also absorbed within the existing budget."
About 730,000 residents lost power during the winter storm. As of noon Tuesday, 45,000 people were

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.309242
Retrieved Text: The official first day of spring is just over a week away, and yet winter doesn't appear ready to release us from her icy cold grip quite yet. Winter Storm Stella is expected to bring heavy snowfall and blizzard conditions to parts of the Northeast and Midwest along with potential travel delays and power outages.
While residents in California and Arizona dig out their shorts and flip flops in preparation for temperatures ranging from the high 70s to the low 90s, the Northeast and areas of the Midwest are preparing for a potential onslaught of snow, rain, and high winds thanks to Winter Storm Stella.
In the Midwest, winter weather advisories and winter storm warnings (yes, there's a difference) have been issued for counties in an area that stretches from the Dakotas to Michigan. In the Northeast, where Stella is expected to have the biggest impact, the area from New York City and Long Island to southern Connecticut and Rhode Island, along with portions of southeastern Massachusetts, have been put under a blizzard watch warning for Monday night into Tuesday from the National Weather Service.
In the Midwest, light to moderate snow is expected to fall in the Dakotas through the Great Lakes Region and into Ohio through midday Monday potentially impacting those on the road during the Monday morning commute. A snowfall of 3 inches or more has been forecasted for an area spanning from the Dakotas over to Michigan's Lower Peninsula.
Winter Storm Stella will roll into the Northeast sometime Monday night with forecasters predicting residents in an

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.05295
Retrieved Text: Overnight Friday most weather forecasters dramatically lowered their forecast snowfall amounts for this weekend’s winter storm, although as of Saturday morning snow emergencies were still scheduled to take effect in Hellertown borough and other local municipalities such as Fountain Hill borough, along with a state of emergency declared by Gov. Tom Wolf Friday.
The Saucon Valley remains under a winter storm warning through Sunday, but the National Weather Service has downgraded its snowfall forecast for the area from 5 to 10 inches of snow to 3 to 5 inches of snow, along with mixed precipitation it said could include up to two tenths of an inch of ice.
Winter storm warnings that were issued Friday for Upper Bucks and Upper Montgomery counties have been downgraded to winter weather advisories, and the predicted snowfall totals for those areas have been lowered to 1 to 3 inches.
PA Weather Action took the unusual step of issuing a revised final call storm forecast Saturday morning, in light of the changes in modeling and temperatures, which forecaster Josh Adams noted had not dropped as much as anticipated.
As of 10 a.m. the temperature at Allentown was above freezing by several degrees.
Across much of southeastern Pennsylvania less than an inch of snow is now forecast by PA Weather Action, and the northern part of the Lehigh Valley, southern Carbon and southern Monroe counties are now forecast to receive 1 to 3 inches of snow, followed by sleet, freezing rain and rain.
The changes in the forecast have drawn mixed reactions from users on social media, with

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.776375
Retrieved Text: MASCO staff monitor the local news, traffic, and weather reports for potential impacts to the Longwood Medical and Academic Area (LMA) and send advisories to provide advance notification. To be added to the advisory list, please email us. During extreme weather MASCO hires police details to keep intersections clear and maintain emergency vehicular access. For a description of weather related impacts and service updates, please see the list below.
The National Weather Service has an office in Boston/Taunton, Massachusetts that provides hourly updates on local weather. It also provides extreme weather advisories on hazardous weather outlooks and wind chill. This is information that might impact commuting to the LMA, facility operations and transportation.
Follow this link to keep abreast of Massachusetts schools closings.
Here.com allows you to map your route between home and work with the option of alternate routes depending on traffic conditions. Live traffic problems can be mapped or listed including accidents, road hazards and construction.
This website provides information on alternative parking options in local garages in the event that the City declares a snow emergency and street parking is prohibited on major arteries. Discounted parking is available to cars with Boston resident parking stickers.
In the event of heavy snowfall, if you have to drive, do not park on the street or your car may be towed. If you believe your vehicle has been towed this link is a good place to start. Go to the City's database and search by your license plate number.
This link to the MBTA’s Severe Weather webpage provides basic information on protocol

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.386147
Retrieved Text: Reporting on the state of the atmosphere is beginning to feel a bit redundant as each week looks identical to the last. The state of the atmosphere is frustrating if you're hoping for a snowy winter in Denver and the much of the west. The state of the atmosphere is cold and at times snowy if you live in the east.
With a dominant ridge in the west, the northwesterly flow aloft becomes the biggest weather maker for Colorado. While generally unfavorable for snow in Denver (just wind!), the flow can produce good snow for the high country, especially in the northern and central mountains. We saw this late last week and again today as Winter Storm Warnings and advisories are once again in effect for places like Steamboat Springs and the I-70 corridor.
After Monday, even the mountains will quiet down. The coming week should be mostly uneventful statewide for weather as ridging off the northwest coast pushes inland a bit and drives the trough even further east. Take a look at the ECMWF day 1 - 6 mean 500 heights, then the day 10 - 15 day. Ridge in the west, trough in the east.
While the Pacific northwest finally got several days of heavy rain and snow last week, California was less fortunate, and the next 10+ days look to be largely the same.
January isn't typically all that snowy for Denver. The long running average for snowfall in Denver during January is just 6.6 inches. This year we are just about at average with 6.0 inches

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.372807
Retrieved Text: SITUATION: GOHSEP is currently monitoring an upper level disturbance that will produce winter weather in regions of the state this week. A cold front is moving through the state today and is expected to stall over the region, setting up for a few different scenarios. Currently, the central and northern parishes are forecast to see some winter weather, while the southern parishes are forecast to see rainfall with totals reaching almost 3 inches through Wednesday. Winter Weather Advisories and Winter Storm Warnings have already been issued for multiple regions throughout the state. GOHSEP will continue to monitor this fluid situation throughout its entirety.
A Winter Storm Warning is in effect for East Carroll, Morehouse, Richland, West Carroll from February 10, 2014 at 6:00pm until February 11, 2014 at 6:00pm.
A Winter Weather Advisory is in effect Franklin, Madison, and Tensas from February 10, 2014 at 6:00pm until February 11, 2014 at 6:00pm.
- Impacts include icing of trees, bridges, and overpasses. Increased risk of power outages as well.
- Duration: Monday evening through Tuesday.
A Winter Weather Advisory is in effect for Bossier, Caddo, De Soto, Grant, La Salle, Natchitoches, Red River, Sabine, Webster, Winn from February 11, 2014 at 12:00am until February 12, 2014 at 6:00am.
A Winter Storm Warning is in effect for Bienville, Caldwell, Claiborne, Jackson, Lincoln, Ouachita, Union, from February 10, 2014 at 1:00 pm until February 12, 2014 at 6:00am.
- For the entire northwest LA: Less than .25 inch of ice accumulation is expected.
- Impacts include ice accumulations on above ground objects, especially bridges, overpasses, trees, and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.177063
Retrieved Text: OLYMPIA – Maintenance crews at the Public Works Department are gearing up for a second round of winter weather. The National Weather Service has issued a Winter Storm Watch for Thurston County beginning this evening through Saturday afternoon. The storm is expected to bring four to six inches of new snow to the region.
“We are prepared to run snowplows both day and night throughout the weekend, and into next week if needed,” said Lucy Mills, Roads Operations Division Manager for Thurston County Public Works.
Expanded operations, including 24-hour schedules for county road crews, began this morning. Road Operations regularly maintains a fleet of plows, anti-icing trucks and graders for significant weather events and have spent the past week stockpiling sand and anti-icing agents in anticipation of additional snow accumulations.
“When we clear county roads, priority is given to major arterials and those connecting emergency services. We ask our residents to be patient this weekend and know that we are doing everything we can to clear roads as safe and efficiently as possible,” added Mills.
Information about roads, including up-to-date information about road closures, snow and ice removal maps, and answers to frequently asked questions can be found on the Thurston County Public Works Winter and Storm Response website. The Public Works Department also provides real-time information about roads on twitter @Thurston_PW.
Mills added that, in the event of significant snow accumulations, the best option for residents is to stay at home. However, if traveling is necessary, make sure to drive with adequate snow tires or chains and remember to stay

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.076683
Retrieved Text: LEGAZPI CITY, July 14– Governor Joey Salceda has placed the province of Albay under preparedness status as of 12:00 pm today after the government weather bureau declared the province under public storm warning signal number 2 as tropical storm Glenda intensifies.
In the latest advisory of the Provinical Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council in Albay, Salceda has likewise suspended classes at all levels for both public and private schools.
The same advisory has directed all local DRRMCs to activate their respective Operation Centers for preparedness meeting and close monitoring of weather bulletins and PDRRMC advisories through infoboard and for timely application of countermeasures for disaster avoidance in their respective jurisdiction.
Salceda further reiterated his call for residents along river system and steep slope are advised to pre identify safer grounds and facilities for possible evacuation in case of flood and landslide for disaster avoidance.
They are also advised to monitor Albay PDRRMC Smart Infoboard and local broadcast stations for regular and periodic issuances of further emergency advisories.
No sailing policy has likewise been declared for all fishing vessels and passenger sea crafts.
In the latest Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration or Pagasa weather advisory, TS Glenda has intensified further as it continue to move in a westward direction at 28 kph threatening the Bicol region.
As of 10:00 am today, the center of TS Glenda is estimated at 620 km East of Virac Catanduanes with a maximum sustained winds of 95 kph near the center and gustiness of up to 120kph.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.979572
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON, March 2, 2018 — The U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) is issuing food safety recommendations for those who may be impacted by winter storms in the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic and Western regions of the U.S.
The National Weather Service reports that widespread snow, rain and strong winds developed overnight as a winter storm developed rapidly over the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic U.S. Numerous warnings have been issued for these areas, including winter weather advisories, winter storm warnings and high wind warnings. The National Weather Service also reports heavy snow and rain across much of the Western U.S.
Winter storms can present the possibility of power outages and flooding that can compromise the safety of stored food. Residents in the path of this storm should pay close attention to the forecast. FSIS recommends that consumers take the following steps to reduce food waste and the risk of foodborne illness during this and other severe weather events.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.903656
Retrieved Text: A cold front stretched out from the Northeast to the Plains will produce a wintry mix of snow and freezing rain today (Wednesday) into Thursday. Winter Weather Advisories extend from New York to Kansas. Snowfall amounts of a couple inches are possible, along with a light glaze of ice accumulation.
The storm system will sweep to the south and east from New England to the southern Plains. The system has limited humidity along it, so heavy amounts of accumulation are not anticipated. The light glaze on roadways will cause some travel difficulties. Expect ice covered roads and use caution while driving.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.88723
Retrieved Text: Warner Bros.' latest DC superhero adventure easily topped charts in North America, pocketing $53 million when it debuted in 4,217 venues. The film, made by Warner Bros.' New Line division, also earned $3 million in advanced screenings, bringing its domestic haul to $56 million. Warner Bros. and New Line spent $98 million to produce "Shazam!
CHICAGO, Jan 29- A blast of Arctic air from the polar vortex brought record-setting cold to a wide swath of the United States on Tuesday, stretching from the Dakotas through Maine, with snow expected as far south as Alabama and Georgia. By mid-afternoon, the mercury was hovering at 6 F in Chicago, 12 F in Detroit and minus 22 F in Fargo, North Dakota.
The Weather Service issued winter storm warnings or advisories for a swath of the eastern United States that is home to 100 million people, said meteorologist Rich Otto of the U.S. The storm system, which was moving from west to east and was strengthened by arctic air from Canada, hit many parts of the Midwest on Friday, according to the National Weather Service.
The Weather Service has issued winter storm warnings or advisories for a swath of the eastern United States that is home to 100 million people, said meteorologist Rich Otto of the U.S. The storm system, which was moving from west to east and was strengthened by arctic air from Canada, hit many parts of the Midwest on Friday, according to the National Weather Service.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.69893
Retrieved Text: La Crosse, WI (KROC-AM News) - An early winter storm is expected to create very difficult travel conditions in areas south of Rochester into Saturday morning.
The National Weather Service has posted Winter Storm Warnings across northern Iowa and southern Wisconsin through 6 AM Saturday. Winter Weather Advisories have also been posted for the counties along the Minnesota-Iowa border.
The heavy snow, with accumulations expected in the 5 to 10 inch range, is expected to remain south of the Iowa order, but areas of far southern Minnesota could see slick travel conditions from 1 to 3 inches of snow by Saturday morning.
At this point, forecasters are predicting an inch or less of accumulation in the Rochester area.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.55906
Retrieved Text: SALT LAKE CITY -- The coldest storm of the week is arriving in Utah Friday and is expected to deliver snow to many areas through Saturday.
Widespread precipitation is expected Friday, with heavy snowfall in the mountains. Winter weather advisories are in effect for much of the state.
Snow is already falling in some areas, and a crash in Provo Canyon Friday morning appears to have occurred amid those winter conditions.
Valley areas should see rain Friday morning, but that may change to a rain-snow mix by the afternoon. Accumulations, if any, will be small on the valley floors Friday during the day, but a few inches are possible on the benches.
Some valleys may see overnight accumulations of a few inches.
Temperatures are expected to be significantly colder Saturday in the wake of the storm.
Some northern mountains could see 8 to 18 inches, while the central mountains can expect 4 to 10 inches.
Northern valleys could see between 1 and 6 inches, while southwest Wyoming can expect 1-3.
Two inches are in the forecast for Castle Country and 1 inch for both the Uinta Basin and southwest valleys.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.5346
Retrieved Text: NEW JERSEY – Governor Phil Murphy declared a state of emergency ahead of Tuesday’s winter storm.
The state of emergency goes into effect at midnight.
Up to eight inches of snow and a coating of ice are expected in the northwestern corner of the state. Several inches are expected in the rest of northern and central New Jersey along with sleet and freezing rain. A wintry mix of sleet and rain are forecasted in southern New Jersey.
Up to 2 inches of rain are expected late Tuesday across the entire state.
“It’s going to be a mess pretty much everywhere,” Murphy said.
Winter Weather Advisories and Winter Storm Watches were issued in large portions of the state by the National Weather Service.
Blackouts are a possibility because of the storm, Murphy said. People are asked to call any power outages or downed power lines immediately.
Roads will be slippery and visibility will be reduced.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.41602
Retrieved Text: 9”-18” of snow has fallen in last 48 hours with more on the way! The National Weather Service has issued various winter storm warnings and winter weather advisories from the Plains and upper Midwest into the northern Great Lakes.
8:00 pm - 45NRTH Short Track FREE!
Awards Provided by Wolftooth Components.
Course will be run predominately on the Norpine cross country ski trails.
E Bikes are not allowed.
Let us know what's on your mind. We can be reached at 218-216-7005 or you can fill out the form below and we will get back to you as soon as possible.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.177402
Retrieved Text: "The snow around Boulder will probably end sometime during the evening, but temperatures will be cold enough that there is definitely some threat for icy roads Thursday morning before it warms up enough to melt off the ice".
The result, the office says, adds up to a "potentially historic spring blizzard".
And its effects will stretch all the way through the Midwest, where winter storm and blizzard warnings are already posted.
According to the AP, a storm system is moving in from the Pacific Ocean and is forecast to intensify and form into a new inland "bomb cyclone". Some isolated areas of South Dakota, Nebraska, Minnesota and Wisconsin could see as many as 20 inches.
Blizzard warnings have been issued for the northern half of Colorado's heavily-populated Front Range region, including Denver, as well as the state's northeastern plains from noon through midday Thursday. A winter storm warning has also been issued for Jefferson, Broomfield and Boulder counties. Forecasters in New Mexico said the winds also would make travel hard on north-south oriented roads such as Interstate 25. April 10, however, the city is under a blizzard warning with readings set to plunge to 21, the weather service said. However, by the afternoon hours on April 10, snow showers are expected, with accumulations up to several inches in some areas. "Really think about whether you need to travel", the South Dakota public safety tweeted Wednesday.
A major storm lies ahead which is expected to target Central United States.
"We usually get a winter storm sometime in April", the National Weather Service's Kari

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.168934
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO (AP) — A wintry blast of weather it taking aim at the Upper Midwest, with forecasters warning that the storm could bring up to a foot of snow to some states.
The National Weather Service has issued winter-weather warnings and advisories across parts of Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan and Indiana. The snow is expected to continue falling through Friday as the storm moves east.
Snow accumulation totals are expected from 1 to 3 inches in Nebraska, up to 8 inches in Iowa, and up to a foot in Illinois, Indiana and Michigan.
Snowfall is forecast to be heavy at times in some areas, with rates of an inch per hour possible.
* WHAT…SNOW, HEAVY AT TIMES OCCURRING. PLAN ON DIFFICULT TRAVEL CONDITIONS, INCLUDING DURING THE MORNING COMMUTE ON FRIDAY. ADDITIONAL SNOW ACCUMULATIONS OF 7 TO 12 INCHES, WITH LOCALIZED AMOUNTS UP TO 14 INCHES EXPECTED.
* WHERE…PORTIONS OF NORTHWEST INDIANA AND NORTH CENTRAL AND NORTHEAST ILLINOIS.
* WHEN…UNTIL NOON CST FRIDAY.
* ADDITIONAL DETAILS…BE PREPARED FOR SIGNIFICANT REDUCTIONS IN VISIBILITY AT TIMES. PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS… A WINTER STORM WARNING FOR SNOW MEANS SEVERE WINTER WEATHER CONDITIONS ARE OCCURRING. IF YOU MUST TRAVEL, KEEP AN EXTRA FLASHLIGHT, FOOD AND WATER IN YOUR VEHICLE IN CASE OF AN EMERGENCY.

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: Frogs are unable to give live birth, and their eggs are soft, unlike other eggs, in fact

Which is the correct answer?
- frog eggs are sour
- frog eggs are transparent
- frog eggs are yellow
- frog eggs are hollow

Target Text: frog eggs are transparent

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.66209
Retrieved Text: Climate change is having an impact on frogs that live on mountain tops. They are being hit hard since they are dependent on moist leaf litter found in cloud forests as a suitable place to lay their eggs. As temperatures increase further up mountain sides, clouds are being pushed further away and leaves are drying out leaving less suitable habitat for frogs to lay their eggs. As frogs migrate further up the mountain they are faced with the inevitable problem that once they reach the top, unlike birds, they can go no further.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.1763
Retrieved Text: Glass frogs are found in the rainforests of Central and South America and remain one of nature’s more fascinating oddities. It’s name perfectly matches its physical appearance, with translucent skin so clear you can see the frog’s organs.
The lack of pigmentation that allows us to see the glass frog’s heart pumping and innards hard at work is a mystery to scientists, but they are an impressive sight nonetheless.
Photographer Jamie Culebras recently published a stunning series of new photos of a female glass frog that appeared in the Daily Mail.
Culebras was making an inventory of amphibians and reptiles in the Mashpi Reserve in Ecuador when he came across the female glass frog.
“In the picture you can see perfectly the internal organs of the glass frog,” Culebras told the Daily Mail.
What makes these new photos so noteworthy is the fact that you can see the eggs of the female growing inside her.
Glass frogs, unlike most other frog species, do not abandon their eggs and instead, the female lays them and the males carefully stand guard over the eggs 24/7. The males ward off predators until the frogs hatch into tadpoles.
Male glass frogs are also extremely territorial and will fight other trespassing males.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.960133
Retrieved Text: In springtime, if you are lucky enough to live in such an area, you may experience one of nature's many wonders: frogspawn. As a kid, you may remember taking to the local streams and ponds in search of ever-elusive tadpoles. Also known as pollywogs, tadpoles are born in many different shapes, colors and sizes, generally denoting their stage of metamorphosis and their species. One interesting type of tadpole is generally all black — the toad, or in this stage, a "toadpole."
One distinguishing factor in toadpole identification is the color of the tadpole. Toadpoles are all black, whereas frog tadpoles are generally brown or even green. Another factor to consider is size. Though toads can grow to be quite large, their toadpoles tend to be quite small — less than 1 inch in length. They are certainly much smaller than bullfrog tadpoles. They also tend to be found in groups of many more than frog tadpoles because they are not preyed upon as much as the frogs.
Before becoming tadpoles, frogs and toads start in eggs. The difference that can help identify the tadpoles later is the style of eggs. Frog eggs are generally laid in gelatinous bunches, like grapes, whereas toads lay long strings of eggs that look like black beads connected by clear jelly.
Toads, unlike frogs, spend the majority of their lives on land. For this reason, you may find young toads farther from a main water source than their frog brethren. Frogs live the majority of their lives in, around and under the water. In

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.331684
Retrieved Text: Next week I will take Saturday off for Christmas. On January 2nd, the next Saturday, I will post an animal fact on Facebook instead of my normal post. If you have not already liked Next Door Zoo on Facebook, click here to do that now so you won’t miss it! Don’t forget to share next door zoo with your family and friends over Christmas!
Wood frogs are medium-sized amphibians living throughout the United States and Canada. These frogs vary in color from reds, to gray, to browns. Their belly is usually white. If you look at the skin of the frog pictured above, you can probably tell how this frog got its name. It almost looks like the bark on a tree. By its back leg there is even a patch that almost looks like lichen! Behind the eyes there are brown patches. These patches aren’t brown in every wood frog, but each one does have a darker patch in the same place. This marking, sometimes called a “robber’s mask” is one of the distinguishing features of wood frogs. In the “robber’s mask,” behind the eye, you can see a faint circle. This is the frog’s tympanum, or outer ear. Extending from the eye to the back leg is a ridge that makes this frog look boxier than most.
These small frogs can be as small as 1.4 inches (3.5 cm) in length or up to 3.3 inches (8.3 cm) long. As you can see this is quite a big range, with the larger being twice as long

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.66414
Retrieved Text: A chorus of male wood frogs “quacking” for potential mates is a sure sign of spring. Every year western toads and long-toed salamanders join wood frogs to breed in Maxwell Lake, often while some ice is still present. Adults of all three species enter the shallows to court and mate. After eggs are laid adults live in the forest up to one kilometre away from water feeding on insects and other invertebrates.
None of these species remain in the lake over the winter. In late fall salamanders and toads burrow down below the frost line for the winter. Amazingly, wood frogs are able to freeze solid and often spend the winter under logs or other ground cover. Wood frog eggs are in globular clusters, western toad eggs are in long strings and long-toed salamander eggs are singly glued to underwater vegetation. Salamander eggs are larger than frog or toad eggs.
Within 3 weeks, frog and toad eggs hatch into tadpoles and salamander eggs hatch into larvae. By August a process called metamorphosis transforms the young into adult form. These small versions of their parents then leave the water and live a terrestrial (i.e. dry ground) lifestyle. Long-toed salamanders from the same pond can look quite different and can live up to 10 years.
The terrestrial habitat around Maxwell Lake is just as important for this amphibian population as the pond itself since 90% of their time is spent in the adjacent forest.
The introduction of fish into a fishless pond can wipe out an amphibian population that uses that pond

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.00167
Retrieved Text: WHAT’S not to love about this photo? In one fell swoop it inverts the reputation of a much-feared invertebrate. For the defenceless newborns sitting under the vicious sting are the scorpion’s own offspring, tended by their mother until they are big enough to survive on their own.
It’s not just me who likes the shot – it has won German photographer Ingo Arndt the Fritz Pölking award for the second time.
There’s a good reason why scorpions are one of the few instantly recognisable invertebrates&colon; that bulb at the end of the abdomen is full of deadly venom. What is less well known is that unlike most other arachnids they are viviparous&colon; rather than laying eggs they give birth to live young. The juveniles are unable to feed or defend themselves, or regulate their moisture levels – they need their mother’s protection. It’s all really quite cute.
But let’s not get carried away. Some of the scorpions in the Buthidae family – to which the animals pictured here belong – have venom that is deadly to humans. Cuddly they ain’t.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.41756
Retrieved Text: Poison Arrow Frogs or Poison Dart Frogs is the common names of the ‘Dendrobatidae’ family of small, diurnal frogs. Poison Arrow Frogs are usually found in Central and South American rainforests, near water sources. Most Poison Arrow Frogs are the size of an adult humans thumbnail, about half an inch to one inches long. Poison Arrow Frogs are recognised by their beautiful bright colours, yellow, black, blue, orange, green and red.
There are about 220 species of Poison Arrow Frogs. Most species of Poison Arrow Frogs are not toxic to animals and humans. However, more than 100 toxins have been identified in the skin secretions of some Poison Arrow Frogs.
Poison Arrow Frogs usually live on the forest floor but when breeding they venture into the forest canopy. The female Poison Arrow Frog lays her eggs on the land, about 4 – 6 at a time. When newly hatched, the tadpoles climb on the mothers back and are held there safely by a sticky mucus. The sticky mucus also keeps them moist during their long journey to the forest canopy where they will be safe from predators. The tadpoles stay in rainforest pools or in leaf crevices which are flooded with water and feed upon unfertilised mosquito and insect eggs until they develop into frogs.
Although these type of frogs are only tiny, some are deadly poisonous. The secretion on the frogs skin is lethal and if a predator even licks the skin the result is certain death. The frogs skin contains 200 micrograms of this poison. As little

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.26693
Retrieved Text: As humans, we tend to anthropomorphise animals. An animal's level of 'cuteness' will often be directly linked to a standard we created for ourselves and are able to project onto other creatures. Frogs have never had an easy time in human history. Due to folklore and an old fantasy book - much like the snake - frogs are seen as evil creatures. However, some frogs find it harder to captivate humans than others. The Surinam Toad is one of them.
This amazing toad is an aquatic species and a master of camouflage. Found in swamps and slow-moving rivers in northern South America, it is able to camouflage itself among the dead leaves at the bottom of muddy waters. It feeds on small fish and small aquatic invertebrates.
However, the most extraordinary thing about the surinam toad is, in fact, how they give birth. In an extremely rough summary, the reproduction ritual involves the male and female swimming up to the surface of the water. The male holds onto the female from above and they turn upside down whilst performing a series of movements that fertilise the eggs. During this process, the male deposits the eggs onto the female's back with its feet. The skin on the female's back becomes spongy and envelops each egg. The eggs stay there from 3-4 months until fully formed toadlets break out of the mother's skin and swim away.
Yes. As I previously mentioned, they are pretty amazing. It is something else when you can say that the larval habitat of a species are

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.120316
Retrieved Text: The garter snake (Thamnophis) can be found throughout most of North America.
Garter snakes are also called garden snake, gardner snake and ribbon snake.
Garter snakes can be found in a variety of habitats including, forests, woodlands, grasslands and lawns.
Garter snakes feed on earthworms, slugs, leeches, frogs, toads, salamanders, lizards, fish, rodents and sometimes eggs as well.
Garter snakes are viviparous (To give birth to live young) and can have up to eighty young.
Garter snakes can be active day or night and throughout the year, including warm winter days.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.89764
Retrieved Text: Frogs are a diverse group of tailless amphibians. There are about 4800 different species of frogs throughout the world. Frogs lay their eggs in water. The eggs develop into aquatic larvae called tadpoles. The tadpoles go through a metamorphosis which, upon completion, will allow the fronts to live out the rest of their lives on land. A frog’s skin is semi-permeable which makes it susceptible to dehydration. Frogs live in moist areas and most are carnivorous, but there are a small few species that will eat fruit.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.812664
Retrieved Text: Reptiles and fish are different classifications of animals although they share many similarities. It is often easy to tell apart a fish from a reptile, but examining the similarities between the two classifications reveals some exciting and interesting facts. Reptiles and fish (along with amphibians) are believed to be closely related on the evolutionary chain which is likely why the similarities are so striking.
Fish are always confined to water in order to survive and some reptiles find their natural home in water as well. Sea turtles are reptiles that spend the majority of their lives in the water, only returning to land in order to lay eggs. Sea snakes are another reptile that live in water and only come to the surface for air. Some types of sea snakes return to land to lay eggs while others will lay them in the water. Alligators and crocodiles are reptiles that spend the majority of their lives in water and marsh-lands.
Fish and reptiles are both cold-blooded creatures. Cold-blooded refers to the fact that fish and reptiles do not create their own internal temperature such as humans and other mammals do. Instead, they take on the temperature of their surroundings. Both fish and reptiles have the ability to survive with very low or very high temperatures and most fish and reptiles flourish in warmer temperatures. Warm temperatures allow fish and reptiles to be more active and to move more quickly. Fish and reptiles both seek warm temperatures -- reptiles often look for sunlight while fish look for warm water.
Both

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.31211
Retrieved Text: A nasally w-a-a-a-a-a-h reminiscent of a bawling calf explodes across the desert night. The horsetails ruffle. Seconds later a piercing cry screams to the stars. The grass moves and a Woodhouse's toad jumps toward the slow moving water.
The sun is setting. The smell of musky marsh permeates the cool night and I expect a dinosaur to step out of the brush. Fossil records show early frogs shared the forests in the Jurassic Period with dinosaurs. The lineage of the toad is not clear, yet it can be traced back to primitive fish named Ichtyhostegalia.
I spot the Woodhouse's toad. The 4-inch long toad moves slowly and continuously, attempting to get out of my reach. The beauty of the wrinkled gray-green skin intrigues me. I lie on the ground and watch the heart beating under the throat, regularly, like a drum, offsetting the bulging white eyes above. I gaze into the toad's eyes and meet an ancestral stare; then he hops away.
Breeding season is underway. Unlike frogs, toads deposit a string of eggs surrounded by a single jelly-like envelope. Each inch of string holds 17 to 25 eggs. The fertilized eggs soon develop into tadpoles, and the large-headed polliwogs filter-feed upon decaying plant matter. Removal of this material increases the amount of oxygen in the water and prolongs the life of the pond.
Continuing the life cycle, hind legs grow on the tadpole. Then the front legs grow under the skin and burst through. Lungs replace the gills, and finally, the tail is absorbed and the adult stage begins.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.954033
Retrieved Text: NUS-led study shows father frogs prevent cannibalistic rivals from consuming eggs and causing damage.
Researcher’s team of the Department of Biological Sciences (DBS) at the National University of Singapore’s Faculty of Science has discovered that male white-spotted bush frogs (Rochester chalazodes) committed to guarding their fertilized eggs against other cannibalistic male frogs and predators.
The study committed that the adult male white-spotted bush frogs are the mere caregivers of their offspring, predominantly by attending to and safeguarding the eggs.
The Raochestes chalazodes, recognized extinct until its rediscovery in 2011 in the Western Ghats of India, is recently listed as critically endangered.
Perhaps, Mr. Seshadri Ph.D. claimant of DBS was one of the researchers who rediscovered the frogs. While frogs tentatively their eggs in or above standing water, white-spotted bush frogs lay their eggs inside the hollow internodes of reed bamboo that grow along streambanks and their offspring emerge from the eggs as fully-formed froglets.
Notwithstanding, an adult Raochestes chalazodes is normally about two centimeters in length, it enters the narrow openings of the reed bamboo internodes with considerable resistance as the openings are even tapered (often less than 5 to 10 millimeters long and 3 to 4 millimeters wide).
During the study, the researchers’ utilized pipe inspection cameras or endoscopes to perceive frog egg clutches daily until all froglets and the attending father frogs left the spawning site.
They studied a total of over 40 egg clutches across two breeding seasons in 2015 and 2016.
The researchers discovered that male frogs that have perceived suitable spots for spawning in sections of the reed bamboo

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.831165
Retrieved Text: Gray tree frogs eat insects, snails, and spiders. They hunt on the ground and in plants.
Gray tree frogs live in forests that are close to bodies of water. Like other frogs, they lay their eggs in pools of water.
Gray tree frogs are able to change color to better blend in with their surroundings. They use the sticky pads on their toes to climb and hold on to trees and other plants. In the wintertime, these frogs are able to partially freeze under leaf litter and thaw again in the spring.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.536533
Retrieved Text: What is the Difference Between Frogs and Toads? Learn Here!
The big question is what is the difference between frogs and toads? The problem with this question is that there isn’t an easy answer because toads ARE frogs, or at least they are in the frog family. But toads aren’t what are called “true frogs". True frogs are the species of frogs that most people think of as frogs and not toads. True toads are what people think of as toads and not frogs. There are several differences in true North American frogs and true North American toads.
Frogs have smooth, wet skin that looks slimy. Toads have drier, rough skin that looks really bumpy, like warts. This is where the myth comes from that you will get warts when you touch a toad, but that just isn’t true. Toads do have a weird smell and yucky taste to their skin, though. This is to keep bigger animals from wanting to eat them.
Frogs have skinnier bodies than toads to. Toads are kind of wide and look fat. Frogs also have longer legs and webbed hind feet, but toads don’t need long jumping legs because they walk, and they don’t need webbed back feet for swimming because they live on land. Frogs live in water and jump everywhere they go.
Toads do lay their eggs in water, though, because their babies start off as tadpoles, just like frog babies do. The difference is that frog eggs are laid in bunches, or clusters, and they have a jelly-like substance around them.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.532475
Retrieved Text: Do Platy Fish Give Live Birth?
There are three main methods of reproduction in fish. These include dropping unfertilized eggs into the water, which are later fertilized by a male releasing sperm into the water; releasing fertilized eggs either into the water or into a nest; and giving live birth.
Platy fish are livebearers, which means that they give birth to live young rather than dropping eggs into the water like many other fish. These young are capable of swimming and fending for themselves from the moment they are born. The young usually hide in aquatic plants and rocks after birth to avoid being eaten. A female platy who has just given birth will not eat her own young for at least the first 12 hours thanks to a hormone that suppresses her appetite. In an aquarium, other fish may eat the newborn platy, but they can be protected with a breeding net or by moving the expectant mother to a brood tank just before she gives birth.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.29661
Retrieved Text: Frogs lay eggs in water, dirt, puddles of water located in plants and some even keep them on their back until they become froglets. But did you know that one species of frog, the white-spotted bush frog (Raorchestes chalazodes) lays its eggs in live bamboo that have narrow openings?
According to a research paper published in The Linnean Society of London's Biological Journal of the Linnean Society, this type of reproductive strategy is known to occur in just two species of frog, the white spotted bush frog and the Ochlandra reed frog (Raorchestes ochlandrae. What makes this story even more interesting is the fact that the white spotted bush frog, until very recently, was thought to have been extinct for the last 100 years. A recent discovery of specimens in wet evergreen forests in the Western Ghats region of the Kalakad Mundanthurai Tiger Reserve reversed that notion. Now the frog is known to take a novel reproductive approach.
The frog, which grows to about 25mm in length, climbs into the bamboo opening (some which are 5 to 10 mm in length and 3 to 4mm wide) and deposit their eggs in the opening. The researchers also noted that the frogs don’t deposit their eggs in bamboo that have openings at the top of the shoot, but rather in bamboo that have openings in the base of the stalk. They speculate that the frogs know that openings at the top may result in the eggs or froglets getting flooded with water, killing the amphibians.
The white spotted bush frog is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.06803
Retrieved Text: Adult green frogs range from 2-4 inches in body length. Dorsolateral ridges, prominent, seam-like skin folds that run down the sides of the back, distinguish the green frog from the bullfrog, which entirely lacks them. Green frogs live wherever there is shallow fresh water - ponds, road-side ditches, lakes, swamps, streams and brooks. Green frogs breed in freshwater. Males call from and defend territories. The distinctive call sounds like a plucked banjo string, usually given as a single note, but sometimes repeated. The breeding season is from April to August. The female releases her eggs and the male simultaneously releases sperm which swim to the egg mass. A single egg clutch may consist of 1000 to 7000 eggs. Green frog tadpoles are olive green and iridescent creamy-white below. Tadpoles graze on algae and water plants. Males become mature at 1 year, females may mature in either 2 or 3 years. Green frogs will attempt to eat any mouth-sized animal they can capture, including insects, spiders, fish, crayfish, shrimp, frogs, tadpoles, small snakes, birds, snails.
The American Bullfrog is an aquatic frog and is a member of the Ranidae family. The bullfrog is the largest of the North American ranids, reaching a body length of 7.9 inches, and weighing up to 1.7 lb. Bullfrogs are generally varying shades of green or brown. The head is usually mostly green. The body varies from olive to brown, and may be darkly blotched or spotted. Breeding begins in late spring or early summer and fertilization is external in ranid frogs, meaning

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.011864
Retrieved Text: Like something out of Game of Thrones, a female olm lizard in Slovenia is about to give birth, and people are getting rather excited about the arrival of a new litter of ‘baby dragons’.
Calling this the birth of ‘baby dragons’ is not 100pc accurate, obviously, but it is a fair comparison for the olm lizard, which is one of those real almost-mythical creatures that breeds only once every decade or so.
While you’d wonder how such a species hasn’t just died off quite quickly, the species’ ability to survive despite such low birth rates is largely down to the fact it can live for a century, quite easily, in deep caves away from other animal contact or in aquariums.
According to The Guardian, the olm is perhaps one of the strangest-looking lizards out there, largely due to the fact it has no eyes and a skin that eerily resembles our own.
This particular female olm had been living in an aquarium for some time, but following the accidental discovery of a white dot on the side of her tank in January, biologists swooped in to protect the olm and her eggs by removing other creatures from the tank.
In total, the olm laid 57 eggs, of which three have gone on to develop into likely hatchlings that will be due sometime this June.
This is an amazing achievement considering that olm eggs have rather poor rates of survivability, with them needing to survive for 120 days in order to mature properly.
The team of Slovenian biologists are so protective of the olm

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.743828
Retrieved Text: Day 11: For today’s Close Up Monday, the species in question is the tiny but mighty tadpole.
In our minuscule wildlife pond we have at least two tadpoles. It has been thrilling to see them develop. At present they have grown their limbs and will soon emerge from the pond. Let’s look more closely into their life-cycle.
A female frog or toad can lay up to 50,000 eggs known as frogspawn. Tadpoles are the larval stage of the cycle and hatch from around 1-3 weeks. They eat vegetation and have adapted jaws to do this.
The tadpoles in our yarden have been undergoing a fascinating metamorphosis. Unlike the butterfly, who goes into a crystals to morph, the tadpole changes before our very eyes.
Lungs develop, gills vanish, and limbs grow. I thought one of our tadpoles looked pretty mean! You can see its limbs clearly in the picture. Over time the tail is absorbed and the frog/toad becomes terrestrial.
Frogs and toads are Anuran which means tail-less. Their skin is permeable to water meaning that if a frog is thirsty they just have to jump into water, while toads just need to find a muddy spot in which to absorb moisture through their stomachs. Frogs and toads are carnivorous and eat mosquitoes, files, snails and other invertebrates. Frogs reach maturity at three years old whereas toads at four. Frogs can live up to eight years and toads 12 years. I found most of my information from the Woodland Trust website, here. and Arkansas Frogs and Toads.
Do you have any frogs/toads living

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.74362
Retrieved Text: In a world first, researchers at the University of Sydney have observed a normally live-bearing Australian lizard lay three eggs and then weeks later, give birth to a live baby from the same pregnancy. This is the first time such an event has been documented in a single litter of vertebrate babies.
The three-toed skink (Saiphos equalis) is one of only a handful of rare "bimodally reproductive" species, in which some individuals lay eggs and others give birth to live babies. But up until now, no vertebrate has ever been observed to do both in one litter.
"It is a very unusual discovery," said Dr Camilla Whittington, from the School of Life and Environmental Sciences and Sydney School of Veterinary Science at the University of Sydney.
The three-toed skink is native to the east coast of Australia. In the northern highlands of New South Wales the animals normally give birth to live young, but those living in and around Sydney lay eggs.
"We were studying the genetics of these skinks when we noticed one of the live-bearing females lay three eggs," Dr Whittington said. "Several weeks later she gave birth to another baby. Seeing that baby was a very exciting moment!"
The observation will be published in Biology Letters this week, along with advanced microscopy of the egg-coverings.
There are at least 150 evolutionary transitions from egg-laying to live-bearing in vertebrates said Dr Whittington, who led the study alongside Dr Melanie Laird, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Otago, and Emeritus Professor Mike Thompson.
"The earliest vertebrates were egg-layers, but over thousands

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.740086
Retrieved Text: As adults, we have two categories of books, non-fiction and fiction. But have you ever asked yourself why we don't see as many non-fiction storybooks written for our juniors? Fortunately, the creative development team at Nosy Crow has released an innovative non-fiction storybook apps that are based on circular characters whose stories start where they end. In one of their storybooks entitled Rounds: Franklin Frog, the developers successfully explains the life cycle of a frog through the story of Franklin and his descendants.
Rounds: Franklin Frog is a non-fictional children's storybook about the life cycle of a frog.
The app stars a frog named Franklin, who accompanies you as you learn about his habitat and other fun facts about frogs. During your exploration, you will also learn about the daily activities of a frog, such as jumping round in the pond, swimming underwater while avoiding the predator heron and eating snails, earthworms, and flies.
When winter comes, Franklin shows how frogs typically hibernate until the season changes. And when spring comes, he starts to search for a mate. Along with other frogs, Franklin make sounds in the night to attract a mate. He is then able to attract a female frog named Felicity.
As soon as they mate, Felicity starts to lay her eggs. She lays up to 2,000 eggs, forming a frogspawn, knowing that only five of them would successfully hatch into a tadpole. To help the eggs hatch, you need to protect them from being eaten by a larger fish.
Once an egg hatches into a tadpole, you will

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.602127
Retrieved Text: Female up to 1 3/4 in. or 8.5 cm.
Male up to 1 7/16 in. or 7 cm.
Hind legs are smaller than local frogs.
Frogs live independently. They lay eggs on a leaf. This is why its called a leaf frog. Then they roll it up and make sure it stays that way ith a waxy substance that they produce. Then when it rains, the eggs get caught by the water and are rushed out of the leaf and into a pond or other body of water. The eggs hatch and the baby spends the first part of its life as a tadpole. Eventually the tadpole forms legs and its gills change to lungs. It is then that the tadpole comes onto land in the form of a frog. This frog catches very small insects such as flies and ants for its food.
The Argentine Leaf Frog has several features that distinguish him from other species. His green skin generally matches the color of the vegetation around his home. The white spots are not only used for identification between frogs, but also for camoflauge from predators.
The Argentine Leaf Frog at the Fort Worth Zoo is a Female. Right now the zoo only has one of these frogs on exhibit.
In the zoo this frog stays in the same place most of the time. It is not the most exciting animal to watch, but it certainly is one of the more beautiful species in the Herpetarium.
A special thanks to everyone at the Fort Worth zoo for their help.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.600704
Retrieved Text: There are various species of frogs in this world, but one of the most surprising and strange specie is glass frog that belongs to Centrolenidae family of amphibians. The name “Glass Frog” is the depiction of crystal appearance of this frog with lime green background color.
However, there are also such frogs lie in this family that are characterized by translucent abdominal skin. Thanks to such skin membrane, the internal body parts of this frog such as liver, heart and intestinal system can be seen clearly. With respect to size, glass frogs are not very big with average length just 1-3 inches. The major distinction of glass frogs from its other species is the very cruel fact that is eating their little young. The green color of upper part and translucent lower body make the amazing combination that mesmerizes the viewers.
In terms of structural appearance, there is no such a great difference in glass frogs and other frogs especially the members of genus Eleutherodactylus. In fact, these frogs have much resemblance with Hylid tree frogs that belong to Hylidae family. The only difference between these two frogs is that, the glass frogs have face forwarded eyes while the hylid frogs have face sided eyes. The interesting thing is that, there are some species of hylid green frogs that even comprise the transparent abdominal skin just like the glass frogs. These species are Hypsiboas pellucens and Hyloscirtus palmeri. Here, it becomes very difficult to distinguish between glass frogs and green tree grogs. However, the translucent species of green

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.525913
Retrieved Text: Hissing cockroach egg sacks are kind of like human eggs -- they exist, but if you can see one it means there's a problem. Mother hissing cockroaches gestate their eggs internally and give birth to live young. After giving birth, they eject the egg shells and the newborn nymphs eat it -- a process you're unlikely to see.
Madagascar hissing cockroaches (Gromphadorhina portentosa) are named for their characteristic form of communication. Unlike most insects, hissers use sound more than pheromones to tell each other what's what. They have special hisses with different meanings to scare predators, threaten trespassers, prepare for battle and achieve successful courtship. Males vigorously defend small territories within the cockroach colony. They "sword fight" with their antennae and noisily bash one another for the opportunity to acquire lady friends, who they treat very gently. Displays are impressive, but males rarely injure each other in these contests.
Females hissing cockroaches are peaceful. They hiss at intruders but don't fight with each other, males or their young. Mating begins with gentle touching and ends with very loud hisses of triumph. Fertilization is internal. They're ovoviviparous, meaning they don't have a uterus, but the young develop and hatch inside the mother, who then gives birth to as many as 50 per clutch. Babies usually continue to ride around on their moms until their first molt.
A hissing cockroach egg sack is properly called an ootheca. The sacs look like flat, segmented white worms and can be almost as long as the female's body. You really shouldn't ever see one,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.496925
Retrieved Text: Poison dart frogs lay their eggs in lukewarm pools of water at the brim of leaves, where the eggs are in a secure place, high in the canopy.
Darts coated with the potent toxin of Phyllobates terribilis were swiftly blown at birds and other animals through a blowshaft.
The poison of dart frogs is a subject of scientific research.
Poison dart frogs have a reputation for being difficult to care for in captivity, and in the past this was more true.
Poison dart frogs are still sensitive animals that will not tolerate a large amount of mistakes, but finding healthy frogs and purchasing the required supplies to keep them is now easier than it has been in the past.
If groups of frogs are housed together in one terrarium it’s important that there is plenty of extra room, visual barriers, and hiding spots, and that the keeper keeps a very close eye on all animals in the terrarium to assure that all have access to food.
Poison dart frogs live in the rainforests of Central and South America and on a few Hawaiian islands.
Poison dart frogs feed mostly on spiders and small insects such as ants and termites, which they find on the forest floor using their excellent vision.
Poison dart frogs, also called poison arrow frogs, are so named because some Amerindian tribes have used their secretions to poison their darts.
The Blue poison frog is one of the most striking of the poison arrow frogs.
Frogs with a less deadly toxin are skewered over a fire which excretes large quantities of concentrated poison.
Poison

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.445633
Retrieved Text: Hedgehogs have spiny backs with soft fur underneath. When under threat, a hedgehog rolls itself into a ball with its spines sticking out in all directions; few animals can penetrate this armour. During the cold months of winter, European Hedgehogs hibernate among dry leaves, but they do emerge on warmer days to hunt for food.
The European Hedgehog pictured above is foraging for food on a bright winter morning, but if threatened a Hedgehog defends itself by curling into a ball (see below) and relying on the deterrent effect of its many hundreds of tough sharp spines.
The diet of hedgehogs comprises worms, frogs, snakes, mice, large insects and birds' eggs.
In the summer months - usually in July or early August - Hedgehogs give birth to litters of typically four to eight young.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.26148
Retrieved Text: These frogs are found in warm humid rainforest areas surrounded by dry savannah and always near small streams among moss covered rocks.
Blue poison arrow frogs are found only in the Sipaliwini savannah in the South American country of Suriname.
Although many frogs are green or have muted colors and patterns that help them hide from potential predators, some frogs like the blue poison arrow frog use bright colors as a means of defense. The brilliant blue color of these frogs serves as a warning to potential predators not to eat it. Often the more vibrant and colorful a frog is, the more poisonous it may be.
The most amazing adaptation these frogs have is their ability to produce toxins. The toxins in the skin of these frogs are found in high concentrations in the prey they eat, especially ants. After eating the ants, these toxic compounds are secreted by glands in the frog’s skin providing them with a powerful means of defense. The toxin is capable of paralyzing or even killing potential predators. The blue poison arrow frog contains an average of 200 micrograms of poison which would cause harm and could possibly prove fatal even to a human.
The blue poison arrow frog is 1.2 to 1.8 inches (3-4.5 cm) long; females are larger than males.
These frogs weigh about one-tenth of an ounce (3 grams).
These frogs have azure blue on their legs, sky blue on the back and darker blue on the belly with an irregular pattern of dark blue and black spots covering their back and head.
In

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.829365
Retrieved Text: Time has come to talk about the tiny and lovely creatures that hide in the corals of the ocean. We’ll go over a few interesting and random facts about seahorses, their way of life, how and what they eat and how they reproduce. Later on you can tell us which fact you found to be the most interesting. Be sure to check out the fourth one. It’s quite amazing!
Now let’s go over to the most surprising facts about seahorses!
After so much debate between scientists, it was finally decided that seahorses are indeed fish, and they actually belong in the same group as cod and tuna (the group is called bony fish). It is not at all surprising that they would be classified as fish, as they do have the characteristics of one: they have gills, and they use their swim bladder to control buoyancy.
Among some of the most surprising facts about seahorses is the fact that they can’t swim very well! Although they are in the same fish group as tuna and cod, they are not so good at swimming. Rather than swim, they would prefer to rest in one spot for a few days, next to the same seaweed and coral. They do spin their fins at a fast rate, but they do not move as fast. One thing they can do quite well is swim backwards or in any other direction they desire.
These tiny little creatures can be found in temperate waters throughout the world. They do however have specific places they prefer to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.727745
Retrieved Text: There are so many interesting Fun Frog Facts for Kids!
Let’s learn with facts about frogs for kids!
So I made a life cycle of a frog worksheets a few days ago and I have to admit their life cycle is pretty fascinating, more fascinating than most other animals.
However there are a ton more Frog Facts for Kids about these amphibians that your kids (and you) just need to know (as some are downright odd).
So let’s do some hopping and learn about frogs!
They typically lay their eggs in the water.
A group of eggs is called a frogspawn.
Tadpoles have no lungs, they have gills.
They grow lungs before they mature into a frog.
Frogs don’t drink water – they soak it into their body through their skin.
They breathe through the nose and their skin.
They need to live near water as their skin must constantly be moist. If it dries out the frog dies.
They catch their pray with their tongue.
Their eyeballs assist them in swallowing food – they push the food down their throat by pushing down the eyeballs.
Their vision field is almost 360° so they can see all that is around them all the time!
Their call is called a croak.
Frogs can hibernate. In extreme conditions they can also enter a state called torpor which can last for months.
Free Printable PDF with Ant Facts!
Get your free printable Frog Facts for Kids here.

================



======= Instance Index 418 =========
Input Text: I need what to calculate the length from my big toe to my little toe?

Which is the correct answer?
- Calculator
- Tape Measure
- A Graph
- A Microscope

Target Text: Tape Measure

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.02427
Retrieved Text: My pinky toe on right foot hurts in shoes. Feels fine barefoot or in sandals. No bumps or red. On inside by nail but not ingrown. Shoes not tight.
Left foot big toe feels tingly, just the tip and bottom. I have been wearing flats and wide toed supportive shoes. I don't run but walk a lot. ?
Walking in bare feet on frosty pavement left foot went down threw icy pothole back of my foot near my toes swollen walking is painful like it burns?
I am experiencing big toe pain (quality: warm to touch, pain in joint) , toe swelling, foot tenderness to touch, toe inflammation, foot pain, foot...i have some gashes and alot of cuts on my feet big gash on big toe and there really red and swollen?
Top of my foot hurts can barely walk or put tight shoes on?
Pain in my little toe?
Banged 2nd toe into a rock barefoot.Toe swollen, bruised at top joint of toe, pain when bend forward, can't bend back difficulty walking.
18 days, my big left toe hurts. swelling on ball, toe hurts to lift and bend down.3 day bruising around joint.Arch hurts. needle pain on end big toe.
My pinky toe lies on its side and even the toe nail seems a bit more pinched than my other toe nails. If I wear certain shoes, I'll get a huge blister?
Broke my ankle & bone to little toe. Why are toes on that foot still swollen?
Hard skin on little toe, hurts, shoe hurts too?
Soreness side of foot sore to touch. Near little

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.84214
Retrieved Text: I finished my first pair of socks and was asked to make another pair. How hard could it be to add cables, I thought. And make them a bit bigger? Use a different yarn?
I decided to do some research. Little did I know what a can of worms I was about to open. I began doubting what I thought Ithought I knew. So, I instead of a kol, this is a write along – wol.
This number is an estimate of how many stitches I’ll need for the circumference of the foot. The beauty of a toe-up sock is that you can try it on. The sock should be just a bit snug. I wanted to calculate the number of stitches I’d need on the needles for these socks because they will have a cable pattern with a repeat of 6 + 2.
TOE AND FOOT Some patterns recommend casting on about 1/2 the number of stitches required for the foot. In this case it would be between 28 & 26 stitches. Other patterns begin by casting on 14 stitches instead. I chose this method and liked that the toe starts out very narrow because it has less bulk.
Knit across each row once.
Round 3 n1 ( holds stitches for top of foot from big toe to little toe) knit across 13 sts.
n2 ( holds 1/2 stitches for sole – from little toe to midway) knit across 7 sts.
n3 ( holds 1/2 stitches for sole – from midway back to big toe) knit across remaining 6 sts.
Hook on a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.583138
Retrieved Text: I received an awesome pair of socks to review from Gold Toe Socks. I am a runner and run 5 miles a day. I need socks that feel good on my feet when I run. The Gold Toe socks exceeded my expectations. I already own athletic socks and know what I like in a sock. Gold Toe sent me pair of athletic ankle socks to put to the test. When I put them on my feet, they were very soft and had a nice cushion feel to it. The socks stayed up without feeling tight around my ankles. I then went running with the socks on my feet. They felt wonderful and gave me great cushion. They felt so good that I left them on the rest of the day. Gold Toe makes socks for the whole family. When I need more socks I will be buying Gold Toe socks. They spoiled me, nothing else will do for my running. I wore my Gold Toe socks during my last race on Thanksgiving. My feet felt wonderful while I was running. That's me crossing the finish line!
I'm actually wearing some gold toe socks while I type this (it's cold!) and these socks are rugged and will last for years. If you want to have warm feet, you'll love gold toe socks.
They are the best socks available. When my kids were little, the only place I could find them was JC Penney. That was the only brand I purchased because otherwise they just went through them.
They even look

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.060993
Retrieved Text: My son's toe nails and finger nails turning colors and coming off. Possible causes?
My tie nail is black and falling off?
I dropped something heavy on my toe nail. The nail fell off and a new nail started growing into the tip of my nail bed. It hurts. What should I do?
I broke my big toe and detached the toenail. Now, the skin is falling off all of my toes in sheets. Cuticles have lots of build up. Why?
Why is my toenail lifting away from the nail bed of my toe?
Fungus: Most likely fungus causing this.
I stubbed my toe cracked my nail down the right corner it's tender and turning red what are at home treatments for ingrown toenails?
Toe and toenail hurts...And sometimes the nail will peel off like a sticker and a new nail is under grown halfway. Old nail looks/feels weird. Why?
Big toe swelling, then nail is rotting off and toe is starting to turn black.?
My finger nails have been falling off from the cuticle and the nail bed with a layer still intact.the part that comes off turns white. My finger tips also become sensitive/sore.
My both toe fingers i.e second toe fingers nail are turning black and got separated dried up. Also new nail are also turning black. Please suggest?
Big toe nail came off 3years ago but grew back. It's tender and feels like it is going to fall off again. They is a Blister on the nail bed?
Stubbed my toe and ripped my nail down the middle. Bled for awhile. Should i take

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.72621
Retrieved Text: Toe Angle Explained • for RC Beginners.
RCScrapyard ► Toe Angle Explained • for Radio Controlled Models.
When you first build your RC model car, you will no doubt have made all the settings advised in the manufacturers' manual and will take it out on the back yard not thinking of things like camber, caster or toe-in … I know I did.
It's only when you get competitive that you start learning about these things and just what a big difference they can make to the handling of your car. One of the more effective of these adjustments is Toe-in.
The term, toe-in, toe-out, or toe-angle, refers to the alignment of the front or rear wheels, when viewed from above. Front toe-angle is easily adjusted via the track rods or turnbuckles that link to the steering mechanism or directly to the steering servo horn.
At the rear, some models like the Schumacher Mi1 can be adjusted by turnbuckles, but most models, on and off-road, have a set of hub carriers to provide the desired toe angle.
To measure toe-angle, I used to use my trusty vernier callipers to measure the width at the front of the wheels and the rear of the wheels and using this information along with the diameter of the wheels simply calculate the angle. Or, you could alternatively use this data to draw a triangle on a sheet of paper and measure the angle with your old school protractor.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.440903
Retrieved Text: Pain in the back? Check the big toe!
If one link breaks,what happens to the rest?
As many of you know, the times of treating the site of pain are behind us (with exceptions of course). Through a paradigm shift in the rehab/training world we have come to appreciate the body as an integrated unit, where all it’s part never function in isolation but as a unified whole. This means that when a patient presents with knee pain as an example, the knee is very rarely the cause of the pain. The knee pain is simply the consequence of an issue at a joint either above or below the knee. Now that we have that out of the way….on to the topic at hand!
Low back pain (LBP) is an epidemic. We all know the stat that 80% of us will have back pain at some point in our life…I know I have! The problem then becomes an issue of treatment. Let me just say that I am not dead set in my ways and I know there are many ways to skin a cat..i.e many different treatments can fix the same problem…that’s only if the right problems are addressed. In this blog I will explain how a restriction at the big toe can ultimately lead to back pain…just something else to think about.
(dorsiflexion). Why does that really matter? Oh…it matters! Every step you take the big toe is working to create power for push off. We start off with heel strike, the subtalor joint moves us into inversion

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.160973
Retrieved Text: Big toe skin numbness shoes too tight?
Can tight shoes make your toes numb?
Can wearing tight shoes cause toe pain?
Will wearing tight shoes deform your toes?
Right big toe numb for weeks. Small bunion. Never wear tight shoes or heels.
Paraesthesia in toes be from tight shoes?
It could be: Depends on the lacing pattern etc.
Could tight shoes damage your feet?
Big toes on both feet feels numb?
Do toes go numb with plantar faciitis?
Can tying your shoe laces too tight result in foot tingling and numbness?
Following wearing tight shoes my big toes realllllly hurt, what to do?
Don't wear: Tight shoes. Wear properly fitting shoes.
Red soles. Burning sensation. Numb toes. Both feet?
Could wearing bad shoe damage knee, legs?
Doflat feet cause foot and ankle pain?
Drunk+Xanax used rubber bands around ankles and put 85+ push pins in bottom of feet 4 3hrs. Days later Feet tingle tearing feeling when bent numb toe?
Wearing shoes that hurt my feet and now my big toe is numb?
How do I resolve numbness in toes due to cramming foot in tight dress shoe?
Could pointed shoes really cause feet deformities?
Feet toes cold from laying down Tingling in ankles?
Wore tight shoes yesterday and woke up with two numb toes?
What can I do for a toe that went numb wearing tight shoes?
Hello docs. I was wondering can wearing tight shoes cause your toes to feel numb?
Can tight shoes cause your big toe to go numb?
I have been wearing slightly tight shoes for five days since the third day My big toe feels partly numb and it has not stopped for 3 days

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.1309
Retrieved Text: After months of marketing, well over 40 showings with no results, we have finally sold our home! And we’re moving across town (technically from “Chesterfield” to “Midlothian”) into a house with a little more elbow room for our ever-growing kids. We’re more than excited and are feverishly packing and cleaning, getting ready to go! Feel free to post a reply if you can help out on August 28th, 2008.
So, up the stairs I feverishly ran with my 11 year old in hot pursuit. Let me tell you something else to explain what happened next.
I have exceptionally long toes. And when I was a boy, and if you came to my house for dinner, no matter how old you were or how inappropriate it might have seemed, my parents insisted on showing everyone how long my toes are. It was standard after-dinner entertainment in the Varner home. You put that together with closing act called, “Jerry, blow your cheeks up”, and you’ve got an evening full of wholesome, personally humiliating entertainment.
So, I’ve got long toes.
So when I reached the top of the stairs while running away from my crazed middle school daughter, the toe next to my big toe (Toe #2) on my right foot folded under and I stepped on it. Ouch. Actually, I think what I said was, “I think I broke my toe. I think I broke my toe.” All while laughing/whimpering.
And over the next 24 hours the color of my toe confirmed that indeed, something was awry.
You know what you do for a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.113186
Retrieved Text: Turf Toe – Otherwise Known as OUCH!
How often do you think about your big toe? I bet not often unless you hurt it. For many of us, the main way we would injure our toe is to stub it. Hurts to even think about it, right? We all know that feeling.
But if you play sports, you can injure your big toe. One such injury is turf toe. While it is named turf toe due to the number of injuries on the grass or artificial turf fields, you can also be a victim of turf toe on the basketball or tennis court. Turf toe is one of those injuries that you love to hate. Mostly because it seems like it should not be such a big thing. So you bent your toe too far either going forward for backward. How can doing that hurt so much?
It does and it can be an ongoing problem if you don’t take care of the issue. Imagine that you are about to run down the court. In your mind, you are going to make the basket that will win the game and the adoration of the crowd. But as you push off to start running, you feel intense pain in your big toe. That pain, if it doesn’t stop you, at least slows you down. Then to make it worse, you feel the pain every time you go to step on that foot. You know that you need for the pain to stop but it is just your big toe.
It is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.81336
Retrieved Text: Visco-Gel® ToeBuddy® toe spacers gently realign and cushion your big and second toes for instant relief and all-day comfort. Soft, pliable silicone gel toe separator helps relieve pain, blisters and corns caused by crooked, overlapping toes.
Designed to fit any style footwear.
Was able to wear with comfort. Help my broken toe to stay straight and made it easy to sleep while wearing it because I wasn't get hung up in the sheet.
These help keep my toes aligned.
My second toe has started to curl over my big toe. This prosthesis keeps my second toe straight. i can't even feel the appliance when I am wearing it. With 2 in the package, one can be drying after cleaning in a mild soap whle wearing the other.
I bought this product for someone in my family, and it works great. They feel comfortable wearing it. They also like the comfort it has when you wear it with shoes on or off. I say to get this product and try it out for yourself. Perfect product.
This product works well but it will roll up on the big toe if your socks are tight.
I have quite a few foot problems and these are extremely helpful.
Align toes after surgical spacing errors.
To separate those toes, I have used the Little Toe Buddys and they work great.
Had surgery on big toe a few years ago. It is rising above toe next to it. I hope this will help relieve the pain!
I've had these before and can't use anything else to keep my big toe from crossing

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.357555
Retrieved Text: My foot is NOT IMPRESSED with my pole dancing accessories.
Not something you think would really be the focus of pole–what it’s like for your feet.
But all the toe pointing and heel-wearing and foot dragging can really do a number on your tootsies.
1. It destroys my toe-polish, but JUST on my big toe.
Like, what? Actually I know exactly why this happens, I drag my toe when I walk (pole walk, that is). Whatever, it looks hot. Sacrifices!
All the toe pointing in pole makes my arches/big toes freak out and cramp… which is not a good look when you’re in a graceful pose, your foot just twitching and flexing into a claw formation… ugh. And it’s PAINFUL.
Actually, this was just one time, when I was working REALLY hard on my pirouettes, and my pole was in a room with carpet. That said, the balls of my feet still get warm/sensitive/burny when I’m doing a lot of flow work, which is annoying.
Dusty floors, mang. They dry your feet into these hobbity husk things. It’s like your feet are wearing leather jackets, but, like, made from your own dried foot skin. Ew. Also, your feet get DIRTY.
Ugly, and not a great combo with slip on shoes.
So that one worn down spot at the top of each big toe nail is less obvious.
2. Wear Yoga Toes all. the. time.
I even sleep in them, which I’m pretty sure you’re not supposed to do. But most helpful of all, I point and flex my toes while wearing them, and that seems to retrain/strengthen

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.210484
Retrieved Text: What are bifid ribs and are they a symptom of the syndrome?
Yes they are. Bifid ribs are ribs that are split in two. They cause no problems and need no attention.
My thumbs are very short from the middle joint to the end. Is this part of the syndrome?
Is hammer toe related to Gorlin Syndrome?
Yes. The second toe tends to be longer than the big toe resulting in the second toe getting pushed back.
Do I need to stay out of the sun?
Should I be x-rayed for jaw cysts?
How often should screening be done for jaw cysts?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.75174
Retrieved Text: Home/Beauty/Is Your Second Toe Longer Than Your Big & Other Toes? Does it Mean Anything?
Is Your Second Toe Longer Than Your Big & Other Toes? Does it Mean Anything?
Is your 2nd toe longer than the big toe? The size and shape of the toes proves to be decisive for character and love especially the middle toe when it’s longer, says British specialist Jane Sheen. She is so confident in her research that she even recommends that her toes be given special attention when choosing a partner.
In the present, most of the time, the choice is in the eyes, chest, buttocks, legs, and what not, but hardly anyone thinks about what ends of the legs in question. However, one should not forget that the toes were subject to a lyrical description: “I myself am through my fingers. When the second toe is longer than the big toe it could really mean something!
Jane Sheehan, a reflexologist is decisive that toe size matter, and they tell on people characters, ranging from how their digestive system functions, up until their love relationships.
People whose big toe is longer then the other toes, are considered as very smart. Their problems gets solved by them, in a creative manner. Their perspective view on life issues differs, but they’re considered “short sighted” when working on established projects, business etc.
From the opposite side, when big toe is smaller, then brainstorming and multi tasking. Delivering in a efficient manner is your strong side. Also, charisma influence is a powerful weapon on the side of the persons

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.712917
Retrieved Text: joe phillips bustin a stylie front board on the lip.
Evan Mundie gettin the job done.
Brendan Murray doin work. I really enjoy shooting my friends surfing.
my buddy Sam Miller showin this wave who's boss.
andy P phto of the day!
This is a shot I took of Andrew Pastura at toe jam. He seriously rips harder than anyone out there. Its so sick to see him ride, itll make your face melt. Check out Fun Boots if you wanna see what i am talkin about. This has been my backround ever since I got home from toe jam.
toe jam photos of the day!
This is Eric Zorn doing a 270 shuv of a little booter we made out at joes. The kid is 12 and he absolutely rips!
Keith Wilson doin a Re entry back big. I love shootin from the tube.
Fun boots photo of the day!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.626583
Retrieved Text: An on the job crush injury to my toe was made worse when a tourniquet was accidentally left on too long. By the time the mistake was corrected, my toe was almost completely black and dying. Everyone was worried that my toe wouldn't heal and that I would lose it. The more treatments I had, the more optimistic I became, because my toe was actually looking better and better. It went from completely black and dead-looking, to red, then pink, and then back to having normal skin from top to bottom. My Doctor was really impressed at the healing that was going on due to the oxygen treatment, not to mention, I could start to feel my toe little by little even though I was told by my Doctor that I would not have feeling in my toe for at least 2 years! I started working out again. I really trusted the crew at Hyperbaric Recovery, because they knew what they were talking about and they were very positive and encouraging. If people ask me if I would recommend Hyperbaric treatments, I would say, 'Oh Yeah!' They made me feel like a Rock star at Hyperbaric Recovery!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.617817
Retrieved Text: I haven't had any problems and a bit wide, which walking heavily in them, they. One click on "Fashion" unveils the time I got around the reviews said to order to eco-friendly analog watches made. My fellow employees each By a whole array of stylish choices, from diamond-studded digital watches they'd look in the right. The product design is styling steel toe shoes for my new Contractor job. Watches Sort by Relevance Price: Low to High Price: So I can't attest to how an 8 I couldn't return. The specific amount of weight were no jitters and no but again, if you have or a doctorscientist, so don't. They run a little big but that's because many of was fine for me, no a larger size- which I. Women's steel toe shoes are almost always ugly, but these are actually kinda cute. Digital watches have given way to smartwatches and other forms to sending them back for wrists into veritable communication hubs.
Plenty of room in the toe box area. I needed some steel toe reviews about this shoe that comfortable. Women's steel toe shoes are a good-looking and cute boot Women's Crystal Wrap Quartz Watch. I have been wearing them did some research and found. They run a little big and a bit wide, which feeling like I'm waling on breaking in time. Get fast, free shipping with. I love the memory foam and an upcoming foot surgery, so comfort is important to. Otherwise I think they are day at work and they're. Top of feet

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.599922
Retrieved Text: Im in 3 of 4 category. But definitely want to be 4 of 4. My best riding position is toe side on strong side. Anyway by far best foiler that I know Gunnar Biniasch told me that he was also strong oriented to one side and as hi rides all boards imaginable he says that kite foil board is easiest board to learn weak side. I has sense because f.e. surfboard on weak side you put weight wrong and you just stop. Foilboard in same sense just go by itself - there are lot less force involved and than you can concentrate on body position and replicating correct posture from strong side.
Anyway - in all other sports /gymnastic etc./ there is strong preference to learn both sides from beginning and do not even come to point where it start to seems impossible to ride on other side.
I´m soon 60 yrs with diminishing muscle memory. After learning moves on my strong side ( im goofy foot), and about 20 additional hours of general riding and practising weak side, i now do carves, toeside riding, and flying footswitches in weak direction( left foot forward). The carve is about 80% of my strong side, the toeside and footswitch is 70%. Soon it will be equal.
This season my goal is to learn 360´s, tack to toeside, tack to heelside. In strong direction.
So dont give up. keep at it. You can re-program your muscle memory.
wondering if its a known issue of being "anti ambidextrous"?
I can gybe and do surface foot switches

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.3754
Retrieved Text: Personally, I don’t have much use for toe rings.
It’s not that I dislike toe rings; it’s just that I don’t see much purpose in them. But recently, I’ve discovered a few purposes.
The first occasion came when I met a mother whose 14-year-old daughter, Adriana, was a cancer patient. The mother offered her daughter a costumed toe ring she’d bought in our gift shop, but her daughter declined calling it “dorky.” I told her I thought it was pretty.
Toe Ring Lesson #1: Never dispute the opinion of a sick teenager.
Hoping the mother or daughter would stop me I began removing my shoe. No word of protest from either of them.
So I removed my sock, which, knowing how nauseated cancer patients can get, wasn’t a good career move. Nevertheless, I slid the ring on my little toe and put my shoe back on. That’s when Adriana’s medicine kicked in and she started howling in laughter.
Toe Ring Lesson #2: Helping a 14-year-old bald girl laugh through her cancer treatment is a good use of a toe ring.
Later that day, I had a doctor’s appointment which caused me to formulate Toe Ring Lesson # 3: Don’t let your doctor see you wearing a plastic toe ring – especially if she has powers to place a “psych hold” on you. So, I removed the toe ring and stored it my shirt pocket.
Later in the day I found another use for it when I had a chance encounter at the nurse’s station with a 12-year old patient. The nurses were trying to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.35588
Retrieved Text: Really liked these boots, and traveled winter Pacific North West, Svalbard, UK, Scandinavia but now the soles are separating on both boots at the toes. Such a let-down. \n\nAny suggestions on viable repair?
Bought these as a replacement to a western slip-on work boot after i sprained my ankle and could no longer wear them. I am on concrete and gravel all day at work and they have held up very well my first 4 months (although this is not a heavy duty work boot). The toe area rubbed quite a bit on my big toe until they broke in, now they are a very comfortable boot. The Kodiak logo on heel of the tread is glued on, that peeled off within a week so when i walk on smooth concrete i occasionally create a little suction cup sound (a little annoying sometimes, but no big deal). I would recommend these boots for anyone who is going to be on their feet a lot and don't have an extremely rigorous demand of their boots.
I suffer from a very sensitive neuroma. The first thing that I love about this boot is that it does not trigger that neuroma!! This boot doesn't have a raised heel, so the ramp angle from heel to toe is subtle, which puts less pressure on my neuroma. The toe box is wider than most and fits my foot perfectly! It's really hard to find a shoe last in my range without some weird pressures. Also, the rise in the toe area is not

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.330826
Retrieved Text: We don’t like to brag about our comprehensive podiatry services. Fortunately, we don’t need to. Our patients do it for us! Here, our patients tell others what it is like to work with our team on foot, leg, and ankle disorders.
Dr. Danciger recently operated on my painful bunion. I am thrilled to compliment him and his staff on the wonderful job they have done. I heartily recommend him and feel confident selecting him is a gift and blessing. The Best!!!
"I finally bit the bullet, had the surgery done. It’s been nine weeks and I have the most comfortable foot I’ve had in twenty years!"
"Hi, my name is Dianne. I’m from Rancho Mirage, California. For twenty years I have found it really normal to have a corn removed from my little toe, three or four times a year. A few years ago, Dr. Danciger suggested that I get a surgery on my two toes, because what was causing the corn was misaligned bones, I suppose is a good way to say it. I stalled and stalled for a few years until it became unbearable because wearing closed-toed shoes was the most painful thing and working on my feet was extremely painful. So, I finally bit the bullet, had the surgery done. It’s been nine weeks and I have the most comfortable foot I’ve had in twenty years! It was not easy, but I’m really glad I did it. It was worth it and I’m much better now."
"I’m very happy with him and I’m very happy that my

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.329826
Retrieved Text: I have deformed feet. I have a natural tendency to have bunions (Hallux Valgus Deformity) because the first metatarsal of both my feet is shorter thus my first phalanges on my feet turn inward causing bunions. I have lived with this my whole life and it can only be corrected by surgery. It is painful when I wear shoes that don’t fit.
Did you know that 23% of people over the age of 18 have bunions? This is largely due to ill fitting shoes. Dr. Frederick’s Bunion Pads can help relieve some of the pain and stress on the bunion.
In this kit you get a set of 8 bunion pads and toes straighteners. 2 standard shield spacers, 2 standard toe spacers, 2 sport shield spacers, 2 sport toe separators and these are made from a super soft flexible gel. They are designed for an active lifestyle. The bunion cushion needs to be kept in place. Postpone your need for surgery. Nothing can replace the need for corrective bunion surgery but you may be able to postpone it long enough and be able to keep some of the pain away. You get immediate relief by using these pads. I thought that they would not be able to help me but they did. Don’t suffer anymore. Bunions are very painful. They hurt. Like crazy. Try out these pads and see if they help you. The super soft & stretchy gel pads, spacers, and shields are designed to provide light varus pressure to provide gentle realignment of your big toe

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.323566
Retrieved Text: I remember when I was little, the things that I love most was to paint my toe nails in colours. That was because the school does not allow us to paint the finger nails. Since schools in Malaysia, the primary and secondary schools requires the students to wear a covered white school shoes, the best place to have colours was on our toe!
Not to mention those cruel teachers would love to see us cut our nail short like very very short, without showing any white tip of nails. Ever since then, my nails got really ugly.
However, there is something that bothers me as much as my love towards toe nail colour. The kicking and friction between the nails and the shoes in a covered shoes was a pain. They got my newly paint toe nails some "art". Not that pleasant.
Just like my previous blog post on Bloop's finger nails sticker , here we are going to talk about the one for toe nails! Below I will comment on the size difference, pairs in it and the correct method on the usage if you have not read my Bloop's finger nails sticker . The way to use it is actually same!
Here I would like to thanks HiShop.my for sponsoring this product for review purpose. All words writen in the blog however, is purely my own opinions.
Just like the Bloop's finger nails sticker, it comes with a mini nail file for you to nail off the extra length of stickers which I find it really really handy!
This design

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.297714
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Raising Baby Chicks' started by jeremy, Mar 30, 2008.
i was in the box with my baby delewares last night getting more acquainted with my girls when i noticed that one of my chicks had something wrong with it.
on her right foot her toe on the outside seems to be broken. instead of poking out forward like the other toes do, it bends out at an almost 90 degree angle. shocked to see the deforminty i immediately picked her up to further investigate.
she didn't peep or scream or act hurt at all when i touched the toe. i wiggled it and moved it in every which direction to see if it was causing her any pain.
so my question is if i should go ahead and be the overly cautious daddy and take her to the vet, or leave her be and let her grow up with a slightly irregular foot? i'm mostly concerned about the fact that i don't know if it is or how dangerous this could be to my dellie. this is my first time with baby chicks and i wouldn't want some sort of fatal disease to go unnoticed.
oh, and just a side note- we've been waiting to name our babies until they've developed more diverse personalities, etc. i've got a few pegged but until last night i didn't have a name for the little one with the broken toe. so now we've donned him "gimpy". kind of tragic i know, but gimpy is who she'll be for the time being. :

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.23894
Retrieved Text: This is Harry Hen-Boy (on the right) and his sister Hedvig Hen-Chick enjoying their first taste of yoghurt. I had tried them with it earlier and they had been a bit scared of the BIG GREEN pet bowl and wouldn’t go near it. But now they are bigger than the green pet bowl, I thought I would try again, this time sprinkling chick crumbles on top to encourage them to try.
This photo was taken just before Christmas. I was still coming to terms with my decision to leave Hazel Hen-Chick’s little curled toe and I was peacefully spending time watching the chicks, taking photos and being amazed at how much they had grown.
Then I saw it! What on earth is wrong with Harry Hen-Boy’s mouth. He is bleeding. Just under his beak, I see blood. I looked around the run to see if there was any sharp bits of metal sticking out. What could he have done? How did he cut himself and what a funny place to be bleeding. The other chicks seemed to be ok.
I am not a good mother to my chicks. I only have five and I have a curled toe and a bleeding beak. Maybe I am just not cut out to have chicks. Poor little things. I feel sorry for this lot being my experimental chicks.
Harry seemed fine and the blood didn’t seem to be dripping so I decided once again to let nature take it’s course and leave him to it. It doesn’t seem to be bothering him at

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.163902
Retrieved Text: Full Steel, Turf Toe Insoles are recommended by foot health professionals because they are ideal for preventing Turf Toe: soft tissue injury or a ligament strain that affects the big toe joint, which is typically caused from jamming the big toe or the constant push off movement when running or jumping - movements that often extend the big toe's normal range of motion. These insoles will not only help prevent Turf Toe, but also provide stability to reduce discomfort from ball of foot pain and arthritis pain. They also combine the benefits of a special spring steel insert with the cushioning of a padded top. The Full Steel, Turf Toe Insoles are also perfect for wearers who require a rigid or semi-rigid shock absorbing footbed.
Please note: If you wear a half size, please order the whole size BELOW. For example, if you're a size 9.5, it's recommended to order a size 9.
Used to avert and correct M.P. (Metatarsophalangeal) joint injuries.
I have a pair of these that live in my exercise shoes, so i got another pair that i can move around in my other shoes. I trashed my feet studying tae kwon do for 16 years. i need a stiff sole to keep the bones in my feet stable. these inserts have helped immensely! follow the instructions about buying the smaller size down if you wear a 1/2 size shoe.
I am glad the size was smaller than my normal shoe size. It has been worn a few weeks but little help for my issue which was

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.15056
Retrieved Text: Consider the image above as a guideline, because toe length is actually irrelevant. Metatarsal length is what counts. Those are the long bones in the foot that go from the instep to the base of the toes.
To check whether you have Morton’s foot, curl your toes under and note the bumps where the long metatarsal bones end for the first two toes on each foot. If the big toe metatarsal is shorter than the second toe metatarsal, you have it.
When a person with Morton’s foot walks, the foot overpronates when it rolls forward to push off. The first metatarsal becomes more mobile and elevates when rolling forward. The plantar ligament becomes lax.
Over a few decades, this affects the body’s structure and can cause aches and pains further up the body, even in the jaw. I check the feet when someone comes to my massage practice for TMJ pain.
When I first learned about this condition a couple of years ago, I googled and found a couple of websites with loads of resources. This one (http://www.footcare4u.com) has some great images, x-rays, videos, and information.
You can order the book, Why You Really Hurt: It All Starts in the Foot. It does a good job of describing all the myofascial pain and strain that can be caused by Morton’s foot.
It suggests that Morton’s foot may even be a cause of fibromyalgia. I’d be very interested to hear if anyone tries this for fibromyalgia and whether it helps.
This website also shows you how to self-treat Morton’s foot by making and placing

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.144234
Retrieved Text: Injured toes? The toe doctor is here to help. With information on toe pain ranging from symptoms to multiple treatment methods, the toe doctor provides everything you need to know in one location.
Avoid possible complications and ensure you know how to care for your injured foot by analyzing your toe injury. We provide in-depth data regarding sprained toes, broken toes and dislocated toes.
Take what you need, compare and analyze, we’re here to help you solve and treat your toe injuries once and for all!
what should I do, i have not seen a doctor as i hate wasting their time, but i am concerned incase it causes problems later.
You may have dislocated the joint and each time it heals and you knock it one way or the other you either re-dislocate it or strain the tendons or ligaments in the joint capsule area. You need to treat the area cautiously and avoid any excess movement that may trigger extra pressure on the toe. Give it a few weeks to heal up and avoid as much accidental knocks as possible during that time. If the toe is still quite tender than something else may be going on.
i jammed and a wrenched my little toe out 2 the side. It has been about 12 hours and i have a lot of pain, especially when i move it, but no swelling or bruising. The thing that worries me is i had a bunionette removed from that foot about 2 1/2 years ago and have 2 pins in that genereal area

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.08393
Retrieved Text: My husband recently dropped a six pack of pedigree chum tinned dog food on my right foot. This happened about a month ago. I had slight swelling but little bruising. It does feel a bit tender to pressure from the middle of my big toe to just under the toe. Could there be any damage?
Most definitely. An x-ray will help to shed light on how much damage exists. It's important to see your Podiatrist for early assessment to ensure healing occurs with the toe correctly aligned.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.081272
Retrieved Text: If you suddenly awoke to find yourself bound and gagged in a basement with a guy wearing a butcher's apron, most likely Foot Conditions would be playing in the background. Lesser Toe Deformities, such as claw toes, hammer toes and mallet toes, are an every day occurrence at our clinics. An array of health conditions and medicines can cause you to lose your appetite, from cancer to cough suppressants and antihistamines.
Your doctor might tape your toes or have you wear a splint to keep them in the right position if they are still flexible. If home care does not help or if your toes have become too rigid, you might need to have them corrected with surgery. This can be done by shortening the bone at the base of your toe, which gives your toe more room to straighten out. If you were diagnosed with an underlying disorder, treatment will depend on what condition you have and how severe it is. Home care measures might help if your toes are rigid, but you might need surgery to stop them from becoming permanently claw-like. The toe joint nearest the ankle is bent upward and the other toe joints are bent downward. Claw toes present at birth (congenital). Claw toes may be caused by a nerve problem in the legs or a spinal cord problem.
Some of the problems affecting the forefoot (the front part of the foot) are bunions, arthritis, toe malformations like hammertoe or claw toe, and hallux rigidus (stiffness in the big toe). Proper footwear should

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.93182
Retrieved Text: “How do you get your girlfriend to like you?” Well, if you’re currently referring to her as your girlfriend and she’s okay with that, then you’re doing something right. If you want her to like you more, the best thing you can do is help her to get to know you better. Talk more. You don’t need to give her your life story (Unless you’re inclined to, I guess), but just talk more about everyday stuff. I feel like the people we like most, we like for the little things. Their sense of humor, their laugh, our everyday interactions with them. You don’t need to tell her your deepest, darkest secret (Unless, once again, you‘re inclined to), but just try to open up to her a little bit.
“Are there any free skater-boys to be friends with? Let me know.” It sounds like you’re having a little trouble making friends. Although we’re already in the fourth quarter, never think that it’s too late to become friends with someone. Why don’t you try to talking to some of the kids in your classes? If you’re worried about it not working out, don’t worry. As I said before, we are in the fourth quarter— you really have nothing to lose. If you see someone sitting alone at lunch, don’t hesitate to go over and offer to have lunch with them. I’m sure they’d appreciate it.
“Why is one toe bigger than my other toes?” Well, having a “big toe” is basic humanity anatomy (If you didn’t already know that, I

================



======= Instance Index 244 =========
Input Text: At a meal one plate seems to be larger than the other plates.  That plate is

Which is the correct answer?
- plate in a kitchen cabinet
- plate on the kitchen counter
- the person sitting next to you's plate
- a person at the other side of the table's plate

Target Text: the person sitting next to you's plate

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.902355
Retrieved Text: Use Smaller Plates and Lose Weight!
Big, bigger, to biggest has been the evolution of American waistlines. It is no secret that we have chubbed-up, plumped-out, and become so round in the hip that we sometimes resemble a nation of snowmen come to life. The pace of our super-size-me evolution has been matched by an increase in the size of our dinnerware. To be more concise, plates have gotten bigger through the years. Our need for consumption can longer be handled by the compact dishes of yesteryear. We now require something that can accommodate the new volume of maximum load.
If you have given little thought to the progression of American plate size you are definitely part of a minority. Most people have not given this particular subject matter any thought at all. Be that as it may, the extension of the standard dinner plate coincides with the expansion of the American waist.
The average American dinner plate has increased in size by 25% since the early 1900's. The plates of the 1960s were about 9 inches in diameter, the plates of the 1980s about 10 inches, and by 2000 had grown to eleven inches. Drinking glasses have also experienced an upsurge across time.
Americans have a tendency to use all available space on their plates. Not only that, but we also have a tendency to eat all of what we have piled into that space.
In addition, some studies have found a correlation between the color of a dinner plate and how much people will eat.
How Much Does Plate Size

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.465492
Retrieved Text: Portion control can be very subjective and if your eyes are bigger than your stomach you could be up for more than you bargained for the next time you step on your scale.
Take a look in your cupboard. How big are your dinner plates? Are they the usual 12” plates or are you using something smaller? More importantly, are you filling the plate and stuffing your body or are you leaving some breathing room?
Think about that for a moment and answer yourself honestly. Do you employ portion control?
Consider the size of your stomach – not the size of your abdomen. Your stomach is normally the size of your fist and it stretches to accommodate the amount of food you consume.
Make a fist. Look at it. Now make two fists and put them on your dinner plate. How much empty space can you see on the plate? Even if you add an imaginary third fist, there is still breathing room on your plate. When you eat dinner, be conscious of the breathing room on your plate (in other words, make sure you have some empty space).
There are many ways to implement portion control. The size of your fist and the size of your plates are the easiest to remember. No measuring, no weighing, and no calculations required. Just look at the size of your fist and make sure your portion of meat, fish, or poultry is no larger than that and the same goes for your starch/or staples component of your meal – no more than one

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.385582
Retrieved Text: The Food & Brand Lab is a Cornell University laboratory with the mission "to change how food is purchased, prepared, and consumed. Using new tools of behavioral science, [they] invent healthy eating solutions for consumers, companies, and communities. [They] invent, redesign, and empower." Since its inception in 1997, the Food andBrand Lab is now an internationally recognized Food Psychology and Consumer Behavior research laboratory .
While it's near common knowledge that dinnerware size may influence eating behavior (with larger dinnerware influencing larger serving sizes), the behavioral reason behind this has been less clear. And, with statisitcs indicating that the average dinnerware size has increased 23% since 1900, the tendency of overeating continues to grow. Understanding subconscious environmental factors that individuals can consciously make an effort to change, therefore, may significantly alter their eating behavior with little-to-no actual effort.
A new study in this lab recently looked at the implication of dinnerware and it’s effects on eating behavior relative to its contrast to food and table color. The authors write “that the color contrast between food and plate creates an optical illusion known as the Delboeuf illusion, after the Belgian scientist who discovered it in 1865 that induces you to take more than you realize.” That is, we can technically trick ourselves into eating more or less food strictly on the color dinnerware we serve it on. Looking to subtly combat your husband’s beer belly? Look no further!
So, what's the Delboeuf illusion?
The Delboeuf Illusion is an optical illusion of relative size perception. In this case, two circles of identical

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.50636
Retrieved Text: In the last few decades portion size has become a major issue, with portions in restaurants increasing dramatically. Forty years ago a 32 ounce milk shake with 1,160 calories would have been unusual. There was no such thing as a Quarter Pounder (let alone a Double Quarter Pounder) and getting a mountain of nachos would be rare. These huge plates have spilled over into how people choose their food.
You read every day that there has been a dramatic increase in the size of portions. Everything from fast food to candy has been "supersized" in the last 30 years. The good news is that there are also a lot of great ingredients that have been produced with less fat and fewer calories. By using those foods and combining them with the right portion size it's easy to eat healthy.
Researchers at Chapel Hill, North Carolina sought to find out whether the conventional wisdom--that portion sizes have been getting bigger--is true or not (JAMA2003;289(4):450-453).
Just last month I reported on a study that concluded that children will eat more when presented with a larger amount of food (News Bite, 8/1/07). Another study seemed to show that using a larger bowl (or plate, presumably) would result in serving and eating more than if a regular-sized bowl is used (10/6/06). These studies seem to shore up the widely-held belief that using smaller plates will help you eat less. Scientists at Pennsylvania State University, however, designed a three-part study to evaluate this belief directly (Appetite 2007, doi:10.1016/j.appet.2007.04.005).
These three studies utilized three plates of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.031406
Retrieved Text: Large Format Photography Forum > LF Forums > Cameras & Camera Accessories > Civil War photographic equipment?
View Full Version : Civil War photographic equipment?
I was rewatching Ken Burns' "The Civil War," when it suddenly occured to me "what size plates were these images made on" and what lens focal lengths were generally used?
After spending an hour surfing the web trying to find any hints, all that I found was that (probably) most of the images were made on 3x6 stereo plates, but couldn't find anything at all about the straight "scenic" photographs. The portraits, of course, were mostly tintypes of about 4x5 or 4 shots on a single 7x9 wet negative, or perhaps quarter-plate.
I'm sure that many of the views were taken with more than one size camera, but I could find no specific information! Surely 8x10 (or perhaps full-plate) were most common? Perhaps some of the time megasize cameras were used (or did these only come after the War by O'Sullivan and Watkins, etc)?
The Rapid-Rectilinear lens hadn't been invented, so I expect that mostly focal lengths of 2X the plate width were required (our optical standard of focal length=plate diagonal would not have been likely).
Any information would be appreciated.Thanks.
Thanks, Bill -- that's where I found out about the 3x6 Stereo negatives, but couldn't find anything about full size images.
Dann, It's a great resource, but apparently the librarians don't consider the size of the original negative worth mentioning. Your reference to the Matthew Brady Book is exactly part of what I was hoping for.
There seems to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.97832
Retrieved Text: The holidays are here and even though we might all celebrate in different ways, one common factor seems to be how unhealthy we can be. Here are five things we can do to make the holidays a bit more healthy.
Drink a glass of water when you wake up and before every meal. A recent study showed that 36 percent of Americans drink one to three cups of water a day and 7 percent drink none. Water helps decreases headaches, increases productivity and can dramatically boost your metabolism within 10 minutes. It is an easy way to help curb your appetite before heavy holiday meals.
User smaller plates or a salad plate. Over the decades, plates have gotten 2- 3 inches larger which contributes to increase in food proportions. This holiday use a reasonable size plate for your meals and make your goal to be full not stuffed.
Watch the alcohol intake. Drinks with lots of syrup, mixes and fruit juices can sneak by hundreds of calories. Order drinks with tonic water or club soda or simply on the rocks.
Talk a walk. This can be incredibly hard especially if you live in colder weather. However, weight gain is a result of intaking more calories than you need. This is a hard balancing act during the holidays but a walk here and there might weigh the scale in your favor.
Share your desert. Sharing your desert is one of the best ways to eat smaller portion and decrease sugar intake.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.75857
Retrieved Text: Dish out some steamy goodness on the X-Plate.
Not just any plate is worthy of a heaping pile of your legendary backcountry beef stew. Reach for the Sea To Summit X-Plate Collapsible Plate and get ready to grub. Accordion sides easily pop up and fold down for quick packing, while a tough nylon base can function as a cutting board.
This plate is rad! I love that you can fold the sides down for easier storage or if you just don't need the higher sides for whatever food you might be eating. The bottom is super sturdy and isn't flimsy whatsoever. You can use it as a cutting board as well which I thought was pretty cool. I definitely see more of these collapsible products in my future.
So I bought this for a trip I went on last week, and it was pretty cool. If I could do it over again, I'd get the set. I tried eating spaghetti out of this and it was pretty difficult. I really like the concept of this and I'd highly recommend trying it out!
This plate is nice and compact and I like using it camping. It is well made and all that. When I go backpacking though I like to take the XL bowl since it can be used as a bowl and a plate thus only requiring you t take one rather than a plate and a bowl. The plate and bowl are nice for camping to save space in the box but I would rather carry just one while

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.30313
Retrieved Text: You must buy a minimum of 24 at a time due to manufacturer packaging.
What’s the proper etiquette for using a charger plate at my table setting?
When preparing the table for your dinner, occasion or event, you should place the charger plate where the entrée plate belongs in a proper table setting. There should only be one charger plate per place setting, and silverware should be positioned in the same way as it would if a charger plate was not present. Once it comes time to serve, soup bowls, salad plates or entrée dishes are presented to guests and set upon the charger plate.
When is it appropriate to take the charger plate off the table during a meal service?
Deciding when to clear your table of all charger plates depends on the type of venue you have. Some restaurants have charger plates solely for decoration, and they are removed before guests are served any food whatsoever. Traditionally, charger plates are used for presenting soups, salads or appetizers and are removed before the main entrée dish is served. However, many restaurants today leave charger plates at the table setting throughout the entire meal. Rule of thumb is that charger plates should always be removed from guests’ place settings before dessert is served!
Why do these charger plates look scratched or chipped?
This specific line of charger plates are intended to have a used, tarnished, or distressed look to them.
Add a stylish accent to any upscale table setting with these Tabletop Classics by Walco TRPK-6651 13" pink round charger plate. Boasting a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.039764
Retrieved Text: Fourteen Victorian heritage number plates were offered at this auction, with all plates selling under the hammer.
The standout was 124, which was tipped to be the first 3-digit plate to reach quarter-of-a-million dollars at auction.
It didn’t disappoint, selling for $268,000.
225 also did well as expected, reaching $206,000.
All other 3-digit plates sold for more than $100k, showing that the big price shift in 2017 has been sustainable.
Fourteen Victorian heritage number plates will be offered at this auction, including six 3-digit plates, five 4-digit plates (including one bicentennial plate), two 5-digit plates and two 6-digit plates.
124 is a major standout, and is the lowest 3-digit Victorian plate to go to auction since the 1980’s as far as I’m aware. Shannons’ estimate on this one seems very conservative, and the plate is tipped to crack quarter of a million dollars.
Closely following is 225, which is a very low and visually appealing number. Again, the estimate on this one is very conservative.
Both 124 and 225 are privately owned plates, and are not being offered by VicRoads, as is generally the case with these auctions.
Looking at the higher plates, 2255 should do well (and would be a nice match for the buyer of 225) and 88887 will appeal to fans of the lucky 8s.
The plates to be offered along with their price guides are detailed below.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.00695
Retrieved Text: Two conductors, which are isolated from each other and placed near, form a condenser.
The conductors forming the capacitor are charged with the same size and different charges.
A wide application in practice finds a flata capacitor consisting of two flat parallel metal plates separated by a dielectric layer. The distance between the plates is small in comparison with their size. Condenser plates are called capacitor plates.
To charge the plates equal to the oppositecharges, you can attach them to the poles of the electrical machine. Then a negative charge will pass to one plate, while the other will receive a positive charge.
You can connect one of the plates to the pole of the machine,and the other is grounded; Then on the other plate, by induction, there will be a charge of the same charge and equal in charge to the charge of the first plate. If the plate A is charged positively, then the plate B is negatively charged by induction; The positive charge of plate B is neutralized by electrons that have flowed to the plate from the ground, which is practically an inexhaustible source of them. When the positive charge B is drawn to the positively charged plate A, it will be located along the inner surface of the plate facing A.
If the plate A is charged negatively, then the free electrons of the plate B repel the plate A and go to the ground, the plate B is charged positively.
In both cases, the charges are concentrated only on the surfaces A and B facing each

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.901173
Retrieved Text: Scientists have developed a theory called "Plate Tectonics" to explain why earthquakes continue to occur. In this theory the continents float on the surface of the Earth on a continental plate and slide, collide or push other continental plates. The heat and pressure from this movement causes rock deep within the Earth to melt (magma) and force its way to the surface to create volcanoes.
Plate movements are also believed to cause about 90 percent of all earthquakes. Less than 10 percent of earthquakes occur within plate interiors. In Washington the pressure between the North American Plate and the Juan de Fuca Plate (center of diagram) causes earthquakes to occur around Puget Sound and the Seattle area. It is believed that at one time in the distant past all of the plates formed one huge continent called Pangea. In the diagram the yellow lines indicate plate boundaries and the red lines mark areas of volcanic action. Click image or here for larger image of Main Continental Plates diagram.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.651546
Retrieved Text: Evaluating your process will help you specify a plate-and-frame heat exchanger that is right for your application.
Other than its heat transfer efficiency, one of the great benefits of a plate-and-frame heat exchanger is its modularity. If your heating/cooling needs change in the future, you can easily accommodate the new requirements by adding or deleting plates within the frame.
Evaluating your process will help you specify a plate-and-frame heat exchanger that is right for your application. Use these 10 tips to specify your next plate heat exchanger and maximize its service life.
It is no surprise that plate-and-frame heat exchangers (PHEs) offer good heat transfer. But, there are several important factors you must keep in mind as a specifier or user of PHEs. For instance, if the PHE is to be used in conjunction with a cooling tower, it should be designed for the water treatment chemicals being used to treat the tower water. Also, it is easier to prevent a heat exchanger from leaking than to stop a leak once it occurs. And, did you know that you can minimize erosion in the port area by lowering nozzle velocities?
Consider the following 10 tips when choosing and using your next plate-and-frame heat exchanger.
Figure 1. Two liquid streams enter and exit a heat exchanger from the hot side and the cold side. As a result, there are four temperatures to consider when sizing the heat exchanger: hot side inlet, hot side outlet, cold side inlet and cold side outlet.
Be sure to communicate all pertinent information regarding your application to the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.64224
Retrieved Text: The Grand Calibur Explained is a short video to demystify how to use your die cutting machine correctly.
Spellbinders brought out this die cutting machine with the larger cutting platform to enable you to use the larger Grand dies and their brand embossing folders.
But many people are confused about how to layer up the plates to get the correct "sandwich" for either cutting or embossing with the dies.
Grey Base Plate, White Cutting Plate, Pink Embossing Plate and a Tan embossing mat.
Each is used for a different function but these are the main elements to your machine and the video will take you step by step through what to do.
Now should you want to add in the M-Bossabilities to your collection you will also need to buy another plate.
Because the M-Boss folders are thicker and can be used on both sides you will need the Raspberry Plate to enable you to use them.
This plate is thinner than the Pink embossing plate, and doesn't need the tan mat.
If you wanted to use embossing folders from other companies then you can try adding them with the tan mat and the Raspberry plate ... but sometimes those other folders can be a little too thick.
I cannot emphasise enough that you should NEVER force any of the sandwich plates through the Grand Calibur or you stand the risk of breaking your machine.
It will be trial and error for you until you find the correct mix and that is because all die cutting machines have their own slight differences.
This could be due to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.24987
Retrieved Text: Le Creuset Stoneware 12-Inch Dinner Plate, Palm - Hard-wearing, impermeable finish fired at temperatures as high as 2192f is safe for cutting on with knives. Unmatched thermal resistance from -65f to 500f, safe for the freezer, microwave, oven, broiler and dishwasher. Less than 1% porosity, blocking moisture absorption which can lead to cracking, crazing and rippling along the interior. A perfectly color-matched palette of bold, consistent tones for easy mixing and matching with other le creuset products. High-quality exterior enamel protects against metal marks and other damage.
Hearth and Hand with Magnolia Stoneware Dinner Plate Black - Microwave and dishwasher safe. Stoneware dinner plate is designed durably and built to last microwave- and dishwasher-safe plate makes for quick, easy and convenient prep and cleanup uneven circle plate brings a unique yet natural look to your table setting. Durable enough for daily use. Uniquely crafted dinnerware with animal design. Stoneware, reactive glaze.
ROYAL SEASONS SNOWMAN Stoneware Dinner Plate 10″ Diameter Christmas Tableware - Christmas tableware. 10 diameter dinner plate. Ready to ship today. Royal seasons stoneware. Snowman holiday plate.
Le Souk Ceramique TIB43 Stoneware Dinner Plates, Set of 4, Tibarine - For our newest design taurine, it may seem as if we merely combined tanbark and sabrina, but that is purely a coincidence. Taurine was actually inspired by the tunisian date liqueur thiamine being sipped on by our designers one evening while brainstorming new patterns and colors. Each of our stoneware pieces is made and painted by hand using lead free and cadmium free food safe paints and glazes. Our

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.201435
Retrieved Text: The Crystal Is The Icing Under The Cake!
I adore crystal pieces and the way a crystal serving piece can help create a special setting for a celebration. Even a regular day can be enhanced and make someone we love feel special by “taking out the good china”, as we used to say. Crystal can make every day and every occasion seem like a special event.
Each piece of crystal gives a special occasion a bit more sparkle. The footed cake plates are my favorite because they will lift the cake up off the serving table and leave a great opportunity to create a service display with your favorite plates, silver, and napkins.
Cake plates are great serving pieces for more than just cakes on the serving table, including the fruit salad, a favorite pastry, chocolates, or other dishes. A cake plate works for cupcakes as well as cake. They come in a great selection of crystal designs and some are tinted or colored.
A footed crystal cake plate can make your kitchen counter a focal point every day without totally dominating the counter work space.
This type of cake plate works well all year long for birthdays and special days when I bake a cake. The service can be as simple as our nightly dinner or as elegant as a wedding reception with this kind of crystal.
There are more and more people watching what they eat. A thoughtful idea is to have a smaller cake plate for specialty or dietary selections such as gluten free or sugar free cupcakes. This

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.151493
Retrieved Text: Can dogs tell how much food there is just by using their nose?
We all know dogs’ noses are amazing. From careful attention to the pee-points on their walk, to working as drug or explosive detection dogs, it’s clear dogs have an excellent sense of smell. So it’s surprising that most studies of olfaction are about specially trained dogs, and less attention has been paid to the average pet dog. A paper in press in the journal Learning and Motivation, by Alexandra Horowitz, Julie Hecht and Alexandra Dedrick, sets out to change all that by asking, can dogs smell whether a closed plate contains a small or large quantity of food?
The research is based on a study of canine preferences by Prato-Previde et al in 2008. They found that when dogs could see two plates, one with a small amount of food and the other with a large amount of food, they preferred the plate with more food. No surprises there! However, when given the same choice but with their owners making a fuss over the plate with a small amount of food, most dogs changed their preference and went for the plate their owner was interested in.
The study by Horowitz et al replicates this paper, but using closed plates so that dogs could not see the quantity of food; instead they had to rely on their sense of smell. One plate had only one piece of hot dog whereas the other had five pieces. The plates were prepared beforehand and ‘closed’ by putting another plate on

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.863518
Retrieved Text: It’s said that a family that eats together stays together! True to this dictum, dining on a table with your loved ones is definitely the best feeling of togetherness. The cutlery is an essential item of the gracious dinner table because they play a big role in accentuating the looks of your food. Well, to have a lucrative dining collection is not a far fetched dream. At Bent Chair you can find a beautiful collection of dinner plates, all under one roof!
Bent Chair is a one stop destination for all types of furniture and décor shopping. With it’s eye for style and quirk, it brings an amazing collection of classy and stylish dinner Plates, decorative Plates, square dinner plates, white dinner plates, blue and white plates, white square dinner plates, plates unique dinner plates and more. Bent Chair boasts of its presence in both the offline and online space. With its user friendly features, the website of Bent Chair is designed to provide utmost convenience to its customers when buying dinner plates online. Alongside, Bent Chair offers other complementing home fashion and décor products.
Buy uniquely designed dinner plates online, available at affordable prices only at Bent Chair!
Committed to delivering supreme quality, Bent Chair prioritises its customers’ satisfaction to the fullest. These dinnerware items are ideal for all your party requirements. Coral World Plate, Toucan Bird Plate, Midas Plate, Yoga Rim Plate are few select favourites amongst the customers.
Pick your favorite classy dinner plate set at very affordable prices and you can also have your hands on

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.70938
Retrieved Text: Salad Plate is rated 3.7 out of 5 by 6.
Crafted of Stoneware, featuring a reactive glaze. Due to the nature and hand-crafted qualities of reactive glaze, no two pieces are exactly alike and will exhibit unique variations in color and pattern. Product may slightly differ from image shown. You'll use this piece for more than just salads, it's perfect for desserts, snacks, lite meals or child sized portions. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Salad plate measures 8-1/2 inch diameter.
Rated 2 out of 5 by jett from it was not like the others I own first plate was not at all like the other I own, had to call customer service to have another shipped. it was better, but not great.
Rated 5 out of 5 by MsMHB from Beautiful plates I'd dropped and broken one of these plates (we have the whole set), and so I ordered two more - one as a backup. These are very beautiful. The replacement plates arrived wrapped very securely and in perfect condition.
Rated 3 out of 5 by Frasier from It is important to note the change The salad plate does NOT match the ones sold as part of the dinnerware set. While I'm glad that replacement units are available, it would be so much better if the salad plates matched. The company has been great to deal with and in general I've been very impressed with my purchases.
Rated 5 out of 5 by llardito from Beautiful & Sturdy Love the design. It is very sturdy and makes every meal tasty.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.429554
Retrieved Text: A beautiful Rhode Island Locomotive Works builders plate. Click on the image for a larger version. Photo by permission.
This article will concentrate on the ALCO (American Locomotive Company) predecessor plates as well as the plates from some of the other early builders. We will not go into great depth with the other early builders because of the scarcity of those plates. We have only had experience with plates we have seen or have in our personal collections. It must also be remembered that many of the early builders used very ornate "between-the-drivers" builders plates. These plates had a very short existence because of their vulnerable position on the locomotive. In the early corporate history of some of the builders, they did not use builders plates at all. It was only later in their corporate life that they began to use builders plates.
There were eight major builders who merged into the American Locomotive Company in June of 1901. Later, two more -- Montreal and Rogers -- were added to ALCO making a total of ten. The least efficient plants were quickly closed out. This is why some of the ALCO standard 7" x 14" plates are difficult to locate from Dickson, Manchester, Rogers and Rhode Island. They were the first to be closed. By 1930, only the Schenectady plant in the U.S. and the Montreal plant in Canada were still producing locomotives.
For our purposes, we will cover only plates that we know to still be in existence. It is recognized that almost all the builders made a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.322998
Retrieved Text: At Asahi Photoproducts, we are busy getting ready for drupa 2016, scheduled for 31 May through 10 June in Düsseldorf. We hope we will see you there; we’ll be located in Hall 11, Stand A60, at the show, and we have some great technologies to share!
We’re excited to be bringing our full range of flexographic plates featuring Pinning Technology for Clean Transfer. This unique Asahi plate technology is specifically engineered to transfer all remaining ink to the print substrate due to the photopolymer plates having a lower surface energy than other plates on the market. Not only does this deliver stunning graphical quality, but it also improves overall production efficiencies due to reduced makeready waste and fewer press wash-ups.
It’s also ideal for fixed colour palette printing, and we’ll be featuring that process in our stand as well. Also referred to as extended color gamut (ECG), with fixed colour palette printing, flexographic printers are able to achieve a very close match to most spot colours, generally using a set of seven inks: CMYK + Orange, Green, Violet or CMYK + Orange, Green, Blue. While certain colours will still require a spot colour ink, the number of those inks required is vastly reduced, and the press is never down for wash-up and makeready between jobs. This creates a significant efficiency improvement.
Speaking of efficiency improvements, we’ll be sharing our latest study in the form of a white paper that validates the benefits of our AWP™ water-washable plates with Pinning Technology for Clean Transfer. Recently, Asahi Photoproducts, together with The

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.281204
Retrieved Text: When I watch people having afternoon tea in English movies they often place their cake or sandwich on a small plate which they usually perch on their knee.
I started collecting teacups and saucers several years ago, both because I like them and because it gives me a reason to explore antique shops. It's easy to find cups and saucers but I rarely ever see the tea plates.
I wonder if I have been mistaken about them. Have I only imagined those small plates or have they all somehow been broken or separated from their matching cups and saucers? What does everyone else use to hold their watercress sandwiches?
Thank you for your thoughts on tea plates. I have a set of 6 small plates given me by my sister-in-law. They had been in her family for many years.
Have you tried e-Bay, I have picked up some nice tea sets there. If you check out my pages on Royal Albert china you will see a picture of a tea cup and saucer sitting on top of a slightly larger plate. This plate would be used for tea sandwiches. I did a quick search on eBay through that page, typed in tea plates and did find a few. Not many, but I'd say it would be worth a look.
I collect the Royal Albert Blossom Time pattern, most of my purchases of the cup and saucer have included the plate. Believe it or not it started with 1 cup, saucer and plate left to me by my grandmother and has grown

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.277378
Retrieved Text: "The BMV needs to review the legislation establishing the 'In God We Trust' plate and set uniform policies to be followed at each of its license branches. Its uneven procedures appear to place the state in the position of promoting 'In God We Trust' as the standard state license plate.
"The emphasis on distributing the specialty plate is especially puzzling considering the agency's recent efforts to control costs. The 'In God We Trust' plate costs more to make than the blue-and-green standard tag – 50 cents more per plate, to be precise. With 824,504 'In God We Trust' plates distributed as of last Saturday, that's an additional $412,000 the agency has spent on plates. Six months into the year, that takes a hefty chunk out of the $1 million annual inventory cost savings the BMV boasts will be realized by replacing the one- or two-digit county indicator plates with a county sticker.
"The BMV has even discouraged car owners from choosing the more cheaply manufactured standard plate by placing a premium on it. Those who request a new standard plate because their 2003-issue plate has been damaged must pay a $9 replacement fee. But they can accept a new 'In God We Trust' plate with no replacement fee.
"The state requires motorists who want certain specialty plates to provide additional paperwork to obtain their plates. Anyone requesting a Taylor University plate, for example, must produce an authorization form from Taylor and pay a $15 administrative fee and $15 group fee, which supports university programs.
"There were early indications that the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.26408
Retrieved Text: Always put a piece of boiled, steamed or poached fish on a cloth or piece of kitchen towel before putting it on the plate. If you don’t, excess liquid from the water bath will run out on the plate and dilute the sauce or make the garnish go soggy.
Fried, coated pieces of fish shouldn’t be put on top of each other. It will make the pretty, tasty surface go damp and fall apart.
A piece of fish weighing 150g with a temperature of about 50°C doesn’t stand a chance against half a kilo of icy cold china. Use warm plates.
Small, delicious pieces of chilled fish or shellfish quickly lose freshness on a china plate warm from the dishwasher. Use warm plates and cold plates for the right things.
With the day’s catch on the plate, you only need to do a minimum to create a culinary experience. Serve a simple meal in which every component has something to contribute. Unleash your imagination and your skills, but don't let your focus stray from the ingredients.
A dish based on fish can easily turn into a rather pallid experience on the plate. Work with garnishes that add color. Work with textures that interact with the mild flavor and flaky consistency of the fish. Crunchy vegetables or a little crisp-fried bacon. Green herbs, yellow onion, red tomatoes, attractive shellfish, etc. But avoid ingredients that don’t contribute to the whole.
In a fish dish, the sauce often brings the other ingredients together. It adds fat, umami, sourness, salt and sweetness where the other ingredients

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.18051
Retrieved Text: Some people can do almost anything to make their cars look special. They love their car. And they can go to any extent to prove that. In fact, it seems they would not want anything else to ensure that their car stands apart in a long queue of vehicles. And for that, they decorate the car in different ways. One of the most amazing ways to do this is to add an expensive car number plate to it. In fact, some people can go for the most expensive number plates to add them to their cars.
Over the years, some of the most amazing number plates have been sold in different locations around the world. They have fetched various prices. While some were sold for reasonable rates, there were others that people bought for hefty prices.
Here's a quick look at some of the most expensive car number plates that have been sold till date.
What does this number plate signify? Probably not much other than its wonderful combination. But that's only for you and me. Not for Ferrari dealer John Collins, who bought this for a whopping Â£518,000 from an auction. Earlier, this number plate used to deck up the Â£10million worth Ferrari 250SWB, which was owned by Eric Clapton. So, it's really a worthy number plate, which goes perfectly with the highly expensive luxury cars of different types. In 2014, this 25 O became the most expensive number plate in the world that has ever been sold by the DVLA.
What does the abbreviation for Formula 1 signify?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.93865
Retrieved Text: One of the most interesting and creative things I do is to collaborate with other vendors. When the opportunity comes up to work with blogger extraordinaire Mandy Kellogg Rye I literally jump at it!!! She has an eye for design that allows all the vendors to look their best.. sometimes to look better than they have ever looked! This collaboration was to show table setting correctly for any event.
Creating a table setting can at first seem daunting here we make it simple. A formal but modern setting should include a Dinner Plate,usually this is a minimum of 10 inches across but can be as large as 11 1/2 for some styles.A salad plate about 8 inches across is more than adequate here. A bread plate usually around 6 inches although I have some that are 7inches others as petite as 4 1/2 aah the joy of vintage!! The bread plate can be layered as shown or placed in upper left of the setting as preferred either is correct.The flatware is often a conundrum, which fork to use!! This is really quite simple start from the outside and work your way in with each course.The dessert utensils will be above the plates ready for scrumptious puddings! Glassware is rarely complicated, water is often the largest glass, sometimes a tumbler and is less fancy than those used for wines. White wine is served with fish or dessert and red with meats.
Our Informal table setting is simple and elegant, as only fine china can be. A dinner and salad

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.784733
Retrieved Text: These are the Gorgets in the study collection.
North Italian. Described as composed by the seller. Main plates of wide, squared form for use with a shorter breastplate with a straight upper edge. The neck lames secured to the main plates and each other in an atypical manner - with sliding rivets. The top plates with plain, angular inward turn. The upper lame is deformed, which may have led to the assumption of association. All of the plates would fit if the upper one were not deformed and there isn't any sign of re-worked attachment between the plates. Because the plates are secured with sliding rivets, the main plates can not be attached in the normal way (pivot and keyhole). In this case they are not secured at the sides at all. Another interesting detail is that the hinge is on the right and the pin on the left of the upper neck lame. Overall old blued finish with traces of gilding. Very similar in construction to gorget illustrated on plate 188 of L'Arte Dell'Armatura in Italia. This shares the slots, angular roll, hinge on the right and overall form. The illustrated gorget has an additional neck lame, etching, keyholes (but no pivots) on the main plate and is generally a nicer example.
Italian. 'Alla Tedesca'. Formed of 2 large main plates, one front and back. Neck formed of 3 lames front and back the uppermost with large, heavily roped roll. The other 2 with closely-set flutes. Main plates with embossed ridge at the outer edge, recessed border,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.736443
Retrieved Text: Hot plates are ideal solutions to small cooking space problems. They offer the same features as larger appliances but within a budget and space constraints. To see which of these small appliances will suit your needs adequately, here is a look at the best hot plates available in the market.
The Secura 9100MC is a single burner induction hot plate that is hailed as a favorite among users. This is a compact unit that satisfies in the kitchen and for outdoor cooking with its many performance features and various power and temperature ranges.
Packing a sleek design with elegant yet easy to use applications, the Secura is equipped with sensible safety features that make cooking with this appliance a hassle-free experience. You can enjoy it in the comfort of your home or take it along to share with friends and family when on an outdoor expedition.
Hot plates are compact, portable heating elements that making cooking possible in virtually any setting. They work by the same mechanism as a stove burner by using a heating element that heats to the desired temperature and cooks your food.
Despite their small size, their applications are not limited in any way.
These models are the bulkiest of the three types as they come with a self-contained fuel container. The container is often housed inside of the hot plate with most models using propane. If you are going to cook somewhere there is no electrical power, then this may be the option for you. Gas hot plates are fairly effective at delivering even heat.
These hot

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.61555
Retrieved Text: The issuance of the new Sunrise Plate is taking place through the regular motor vehicle renewal process from 2015 to 2017.
The flat plate design includes actual photographs taken in our state of a buffalo, the state’s beautiful skies and majestic badlands.
North Dakota's plate design won second place honors in the Automobile License Plate Collectors Association Best Plate of 2015 Contest.
The type depicting the state's name was modified in 2016.
1. When did the state change the plate?
Issuance began in November 2015. It will take approximately one and a half years to replace the general issue plates.
2. Why did North Dakota change the license plate?
The 2013-2015 state legislature directed the NDDOT to create and distribute a new flat license plate for general issuance. The Buffalo Plate has been in use for 23 years and some of these plates are deteriorating and losing the reflectivity.
3. When will I get the Sunrise plate?
Plates will be issued based on the vehicle registration renewal. For example if your renewal is in March 2016, you will get the Sunrise Plate for your vehicle upon renewal.
You will receive a renewal notice in the mail and you can renew through the mail, online, or receive your plates at any Motor Vehicle Office. Click here for a link for statewide Motor Vehicle locations and hours of service https://www.dot.nd.gov/dotnet2/view/mvsites.aspx.
4. How much will the Sunrise plate cost?
At this time there are no additional costs intended for citizens to obtain the standard series of the new Sunrise license plates.
5. Can I get my plate before my renewal period?
Yes, early

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.60679
Retrieved Text: Asahi Photoproducts, a pioneer in flexographic photopolymer plate development, has a long history of innovation in the field of flexography. This comes both from the expertise of Asahi Photoproducts engineers and Asahi’s dedication to listening and responding to the Voice of the Customer. With this in mind, Asahi Photoproducts, together with the Uteco Group of Verona, Italy, recently undertook a press trial at the Uteco Converdrome, its state-of-the-art printing technology center. The purpose was to demonstrate the efficiencies and environmental benefits that can be achieved using Asahi’s water-washable AWPTM flexographic plates as compared with conventional solvent-washable plates.
Asahi and Uteco have been collaborating on many types of printing trials and other activities such as customer open houses for more than 20 years. The test that is the subject of this white paper was the first time the companies have jointly undertaken an Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) test of this nature.
At Asahi, the process begins with chemical innovation. More than 40 years of experience in producing and constantly advancing the development of photopolymers forms the basis for a range of plate types that delivers quality and efficiency for flexographic operations of all types. Asahi Photoproducts engineers in Japan have produced a unique polymer that enables small and consistent dots to form on the plate. They have also utilized surface energy science to enhance the printing performance of Asahi’s photopolymer printing plates. The ability of the innovative polymer to reproduce small dots consistently makes it a natural choice for printers who use seven-colour fixed palette printing for extended gamut

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.57331
Retrieved Text: Weight loss is not only about eating less food, but rather consuming more foods that nourish the body. Avoid portion distortion with these expert tips to experience real weight loss results!
Weight loss is not only about eating less food, but rather consuming more foods that nourish the body.
Unfortunately, portion sizes have substantially grown over the years, making it that much easier to overeat on unhealthy foods. The evolution has ultimately misled the view of what portions should actually look like.
Don't fall into portion distortion with these portion control tips!
Before even thinking about the meal, drink a big glass of water. Not only can water improve digestion, but its intake can help fill the stomach and reduce the risk of overeating.
The intake of fiber and water at meals can further increase feelings of satiety and fullness.
"Fill up your plate!" is not often associated with cutting calories and weight loss. However, non-starchy veggies such as salad greens, carrots, and peppers are low in calories but abundant in nutrients.
Filling up the plate with veggies can ultimately lead to filling up the stomach without feelings of guilt.
From an early age, it was typically rooted to "finish your plate" before excusing yourself from the dinner table. Though finishing everything on the plate reduces food waste, following that notion can result in overeating if meals are served on larger plates.
To keep portions in check, use smaller plates for mealtimes.
Although you may be getting more bang for your buck, restaurant plates tend to be quite generous. Some meals may even be double or

================



======= Instance Index 143 =========
Input Text: A golden eagle will hunt using its talons to collect

Which is the correct answer?
- groupers
- berries
- bears
- humans

Target Text: groupers

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.49319
Retrieved Text: Eagle is the common name of many large birds of prey of the Accipitridae family. Most of the sixty species of eagles are from Eurasia and Africa, but two are present in the Everglades – the bald eagle and golden eagle. Due to their immense size and power, eagles are ranked at the top of the food chain as apex predators in the avian world.
The golden eagle is the most widely distributed species of eagle. They are best suited to hunting in open areas. The bald eagle can be found in virtually any kind of American wetland habitat including seacoasts, rivers, large lakes or marshes and other large open bodies of water. Both birds tend to avoid developed areas and are most commonly found in habitats with minimal human disturbance.
Eagles are large powerfully build birds of prey, with a heavy head and beak. Most eagles are larger than other raptors aside from some vultures. They have very large, hooked beaks, strong muscular legs and powerful talons. Thanks to their extremely large pupils, eagles minimize light diffraction resulting in extremely powerful eyesight. This enables them to spot prey from very long distances. Females of all known eagle species are larger than males.
Eagles hunt from the sky, using their superior eyesight to spot their prey and their powerful beaks and talons to catch and eat. The golden eagle preys on many small and medium-sized animals, particularly rabbit and squirrels, but is also known to hunt larger animals such as foxes and goats. The bald eagle feeds primarily on

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.059517
Retrieved Text: These handsome eagles live near water and favor coasts and lakes where fish are plentiful, though they will also snare and eat small mammals.Bald eagles are believed to mate for life. A pair constructs an enormous stick nest—one of the world's biggest—high above the ground and tends to a pair of eggs each year. Immature eagles are dark, and until they are about five years old, they lack the distinctive white markings that make their parents so easy to identify. Young eagles roam great distances. Florida birds have been spotted in Michigan,and California eagles have traveled all the way to Alaska.
The American Bald Eagle can live up to 70 years! In order to reach this old age the eagle must first endure a mid life transformation. At approximately age 40 the eagles' old feathers, beak, and talons, are weathered and no longer allow the eagle to hunt for food or fly properly. At this point, the eagle has two options: die or endure an extremely painful rebirth transformation. In order to begin this transformation, the eagle must find a reclusive location to nest high up in the mountains, so it won't need to fly. Then the eagle will bang its beak against the mountain rocks until it falls off! Once the American Eagle grows its new break, it will use the new beak to remove its old talons, one by one. Ouch! Once the eagle grows new talons, it will use these to pluck out all its old feathers, making room for new ones. Once this

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.372787
Retrieved Text: Hunts by flying low and striking with talons in brief rush or swift pounce - only rarely stoops from height after prey. It relies on surprise attack, and if this fails and a chase ensues the eagle is unlikely to be successful. Pairs may hunt co-operatively.
The diet is principally mammals and birds, taken both alive and as carrion. Main live prey consists of medium sized mammals and birds such as rabbits, hares, grouse and partridge. Items much larger than this will be taken as carrion. In the western Highlands of Scotland where live prey is scarce, the eagles depend largely on carrion, especially during the winter months. The eagles diet is very varied, and when food is short it will eat anything from passerines to cormorants, grasshoppers to fish.
The maximum weight most golden eagles can lift is 4-5kg (8.8-11lb), hence tales of very large animals or even children being carried away are to be viewed with scepticism.
In Scotland the average daily food requirement is 250g per day or 79kg of prey a year. In an average home range this could consist of 22 hares, 46 grouse and 16kg carrion. After a large meal an eagle does not need to eat again for days - a captive eagle survived for three weeks without food and then gorged itself on seven days supply at one sitting. Bald Eagles were removed from the endangered species list in June 2007 because their populations recovered sufficiently. However, the protections under the Eagle Act continue to apply. When the Bald Eagle was

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.367218
Retrieved Text: Check out our range of fun eagle facts for kids. Learn how they catch their prey, where they build their nests and much more.
Read on and enjoy a variety of interesting information about eagles.
Eagles are large, powerful birds of prey.
Eagles have large, hooked beaks.
Eagles have powerful talons which help them catch prey.
Eagles build their nests on high cliffs or in tall trees.
There are over 60 different species of eagle.
Eagles feature prominently on the coat of arms of a large number of countries, such as Germany, Mexico, Egypt, Poland and Austria.
Golden eagles have been known to hunt foxes, wild cats and even young deer and goats.
Female golden eagles usually lay between one and four eggs each breeding season.
Bald eagles aren’t actually bald. More bald eagle facts.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.41935
Retrieved Text: In Mongolia we find eagles hunting foxes and wolves when they arrive the first snows of winter.
The hunting season begins for falconers.
The Kazakhs must wait for the winter to begin to hunt, as this will give time for their eagles to breed and raise their young.
They usually take up position on the peaks after riding for hours: from here they can survey more territory than from down in the plains; and it is from here they will launch their eagles.
The first potential prey appears.
Now it's just a question of releasing the birds and letting them do their job.
The golden eagle pursues its prey, a fox.
The sheer size of this apex predator means that this fox has no chance of escape.
And although the fox struggles, even biting its aggressor, the accurate blows of the eagle’s huge talons bring the fox’s end quickly.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.00336
Retrieved Text: The Native Indians saw the Eagle as a symbol for great strength, leadership and vision. As if to seemingly mirror this, the eagle has been used as a 'banner' by many of the great empires throughout history, from Babylon to Egypt, through to Rome and even the United States. In early Christianity the eagle was seen as a symbol of hope and strength, representing salvation. The eagle appears twice in the book of Revelation; both times in a context that suggests it is on the side of God. In Islam, the eagle represents warlike ferocity, nobility and dominion.
In ancient Aztec tradition, the chief god told people to settle at a place where they find an eagle perched on a cactus eating a snake. This place is now Mexico City. Zeus changed into the form of the sacred eagle to help himself control thunder and lightning. The eagle was a strong emblem in the Roman Empire. The Hittites drew upon a double-headed eagle so that they would never be surprised. The Pueblo Indians associated the eagle with the energies of the sun - physical and spiritual - as well as symbols of greater sight and perception.
Eagles have a beauty and grace fitting their status as our national emblem. As with most birds of prey, the female eagle is larger and heavier than the male. They weigh an average of 12 pounds with a wingspan up to seven feet and a body length of nearly three feet. Eagles are lighter than they appear. The bulk of an eagle

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.27525
Retrieved Text: The eagle may be majestic when flying high in the sky. But the eagle is also a bird of prey. A family in Montreal, Quebec found this out when a golden eagle swooped out of the sky and attempted to grab a toddler in its talons.
The video, which received over a million views in its first day online, clearly shows the eagle picking up the child can carrying him a short distance before dropping him.
UPDATE: The video has now been revealed to be a hoax perpetrated by college students studying film-making.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.310654
Retrieved Text: ShangralaFamilyFun.com - Shangrala's Real Story Of The Eagle!
THE REAL STORY OF THE EAGLE!
This is the amazing story of our eagle.
The average life span of an eagle is approximately 30 years.
In captivity, an eagle may live beyond what the average life expectancy is, because it receives both regular and nutritious meals, has access to veterinary care and can be sheltered from the harsh elements by housing provided by the facility caring for the bird.
Eagles would not typically "lose" their beak or talons, unless it was the result of a traumatic injury. The talons and beak are two of the three best defining features of what makes these birds "raptors".
Without the sharp talons for catching prey and the strong, sharp beak for tearing food, the raptor would certainly die of starvation. An eagle hatches with both a beak and talons and these will continue to grow throughout the bird's life.
The beak and talons are composed of hard keratin and are somewhat similar to human fingernails. The talons of the eagle are not flexible. New layers of keratin growth build onto the old layers ensuring a strong structure for the raptor.
The raptor keeps the beak in good condition naturally in the wild by eating tough prey and rubbing the beak clean on stones or other hard surfaces (feaking) after eating.
Eagles and other raptors generally do not pluck out their feathers. All birds, including raptors, do go through a process of losing feathers and this is called a molt. A bird's feathers do suffer regular wear and tear so, ultimately,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.487843
Retrieved Text: Personality: A loyal and fearless beast is Jupitus, with the heart of a lion. Jupitus will never shy away from a greater beast if someone he cares for is threatened by it, and would fight a dragon to protect his loved ones. He is also very caring towards those that have won his affiliation.
Fears: Uncontrollable fire - the idea of wildfire terrifies him, yet he has no issues with dragonfire or fires under control.
Strengths: Wicked talons can shred through hide and scale; eyesight makes finding objects and prey easy from up in the sky.
Weaknesses: No magical powers, relies on brute force.
Feathers: Jupitus has the plumage of a Golden Eagle, with golden flecks running down the back of his head and his neck.
Appearance: Jupitus has a formidable appearance, his top half being that of a Golden Eagle, brown yet flecked with lighter golden markings and a fearsome amber gaze which penetrates the farthest distances. His beak is cruel and powerful, his talons sharp and eager to tear into his victims. Upon his head, are two mammalian ears which look rather out of place upon his eagle head, and look rather lupine.
His bottom half is that of a great tiger, and his pelt is golden orange and adorned with black stripes much with broad, powerful hind paws which propel him to great speeds. He also has a long tail tipped with a tuft of brown fur.
His most noticeable feature, however, are the huge wings sprouting from his back which measure over double his body length, tip to tip.
Often

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.17458
Retrieved Text: Today. Augusta, GA. Two very similar shots. Cropped and lightened. Thanks.
I'm thinking young Bald Eagle with a fish in its talons.
Is the head big enough for a Bald Eagle?
That's what was bugging me, but I think it could be looking down (or eating the fish).
Okay, so either way not a Golden Eagle?
Yeah, I think the head size is being affected by the angle. Bald for me.
Agree with juvenile Bald Eagle.
Yeah, Goldens have rounder wings and a different tail shape.
Thanks. It is the job of easterners to turn Bald Eagles, vultures, and European Starlings into Golden Eagles. So just doing my job. Incidentally, we do get a few Golden Eagles through the area. I believe the last one was in January.
Also if this sounds a bit loopy, it's because just got out of surgery for a torn rotator cuff. Ooof.
OUCH. Let's get to the important stuff: how long before you can raise your binos?
Left-handed right now. With both hands I'm not sure. I think at least three months but maybe longer. In 6 months I can resume all normal activity.
But I am on Starling restriction. No Starlings for a full year.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.97534
Retrieved Text: The Golden Eagle is a well-known raptor of the northern hemisphere and the largest bird of prey in North America. The bird has a dark brown plumage with golden colored feathers on the crown and on the neck, gray ones on the wings and sometimes white ones on the tail. Genders are similar in coloration but differ in size: Females normally achieve a higher weight and a larger size. Whereas males weigh up to 4,5 kilogram, female birds expose a weight up to 6 kilogram. The length of Golden Eagles ranges from 70 centimeters to 84 centimeters, the wingspan from 185 to 220 centimeters. The species has gray-black claws and bills that are hooked in the end. The eyes are dark brown while cere and feet are yellow. The legs are feathered all the way down to the toes.
Young Golden Eagles look similar to adults but have light spots on the tip of their wings and a white band on the tail as well as a black one. When the juveniles are 4 to 6 years their plumage changes to the adult coloration.
The species is divided into 5 or 6 subspecies which differ in geographical distribution, size and coloration.
The average lifespan of a Golden Eagle in wild is reported to be 29 years. In captivity some birds even achieved an age of 46 years.
The Golden Eagle is endemic to the Northern hemisphere and can be observed in the mountains and woods of Eurasia, North America and North Africa. Once widespread, today the species is very decimated

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.568102
Retrieved Text: The only sea eagle living on the North American continent is the Bald Eagle, which is found across Canada and the United States and in northern Mexico. The Bald Eagle’s scientific name means “White-headed Sea Eagle”. The Bald Eagle is the only eagle unique to North America. Its distinctive brown body and white head & tail make it easy to identify even from a distance. When flying, the Bald Eagle very rarely flaps its wings but soars instead, holding its wings almost completely flat. Its hooked bill, legs and feet are yellow. Second in size only to the California Condors and about the same size as the Golden Eagle, Bald Eagles dwarf most other North American raptors. Their wingspans range from 6.5 to 7.5 feet, while body length varies from about 3 to 3.5 feet. Bald Eagles weigh from 6 to 8 pounds. Females are larger than males and have a slightly longer wingspan. Bald Eagles primarily eat fish, carrion, smaller birds and rodents. Eagles are also known to prey on large birds and large fish. Bald Eagle numbers in the U.S. were estimated to be between 300,000-500,000 in the 1700’s. Numbers were once as low as 500 nesting pairs in the lower 48 states. Bald Eagles occur from Baja California and Florida north to Newfoundland and Alaska. Within this area, they are nearly always found near water, along rivers, lakes or the sea coast & coastal marshes, reservoirs and large lakes. They also pass over mountains and plains during migration. The northern and interior populations

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.960058
Retrieved Text: This is a golden eagle.
Although there are dozens of species of Eagles, only two can be found in the United States.
Eagles are large birds of prey.
Eagles have very good eyesight.
Eagles build their nests in high cliffs or tall trees.
An Eagle can spot a mouse from 1.5 miles away.
Eagles are at the top of the avian food chain.
An Eagle's beak and talons are especially suited for tearing into meat.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.952082
Retrieved Text: Find the bird-named vehicles in the National Motor Museum, make doughbird shapes with Lord Montagu’s cook in Palace House and become a fully fledged Nature Detective when you pick up your trail bag and go hunting for natural treasures.
Spot the Nature Detective as he drives around the attraction in his Willys Jeep, get your face painted like a bird and join in with bird making and colouring crafts.
Then find out more about the ancient art of falconry at the brand new display Abbot’s Mews which tells the fascinating story of falconry on the Beaulieu Estate. You might even be lucky enough to meet Lord Montagu’s first falconer in centuries, as he shares his expert knowledge about remarkable birds of prey at his new base in the grounds of 13th century Beaulieu Abbey.
Along Mill Pond Walk, see the woodland fairies perched high in the trees above their fairy door homes. Come face-to-face with the giant Green Man tree carving, see the many-headed serpent stretching out into the river and take a ride on the ‘Skytrain’ Monorail for the best view of the tree-topgriffin carving with the tail and back legs of a lion and head, wings and talons of an eagle.
Make bark rubbings, see how many topiary animals you can find and when you’ve finished your hunt, pick up your Nature Detective bug prize. Fill your bag with feathers, pebbles, leaves and natural treasures along the way.
When you’re feeling peckish, fly over to the Brabazon Restaurant for an Easter seasonal treat. Try the new Milkshake Bar, traditional

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.928797
Retrieved Text: Readers of this blog know I periodically contribute to the blog, Mad About MG History. MG stands for Middle Grade, and the purpose of the blog is to provide information for teachers and librarians engaged in encouraging middle grade students to read history.
I reviewed several books suitable for middle grade students to learn about the history of the horse in western America. The readings cover the extinction of the original horse that was native to the Americas before the first humans arrived. The books continue with information on how Native Americans later captured the reintroduced horse brought by the invading Spanish Conquistadors. The literature explains how the adoption of the horse changed the Indian’s culture, allowing them to become more effective hunters of large game and to evolve into one of the world’s most formidable light cavalry forces.
This entry was posted in Bear Claws - Book Two, Eagle Talons - Book One, Geography, Golden Spike - Book Three, Indians, The Iron Horse Chronicles, Transcontinental Railroad, Writing and tagged Adventure Fiction, Bear Claws, Eagle Talons, Frontier Fiction, Golden Spike, Historical Fiction, Middle Grade Fiction, Pioneer Life, Teen Fiction, The Iron Horse Chronicles, Western Fiction, Westward Expansion (1867-1869), Young Adult Fiction, Young Readers. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.734434
Retrieved Text: Shallowstone is a golden tom with blue eyes.
Shallowstone is revealed to have been the deputy, but as he was too young, stepped down.
Shallowstone's appointed Nightpaw's mentor. He, not really dislikes, but does not like her roudiness.
Their first hunt ends up with Nightpaw stalking the same mouse as an owl. His advice to her to always look around first is ignored. The owl chases Nightpaw back to camp, with her disrupting its hunt. However, the prey already in its talons is stolen by Nightpaw when Shallowstone scratches it and it runs away.
By the end of the book it's noted that he made Nightpaw more mature.
He tells Nightpaw, later, that she is lifeless.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.483316
Retrieved Text: Newly elected President Ulysses S. Grant, on his inauguration day in March 1869, put a hold on the issuance of any more government bonds to help finance the Union Pacific Railroad and the Central Pacific Railroad until they agreed on a meeting place. This got the attention of the owners of the two railroads. Collis P. Huntington, the east coast representative of the CP’s “Big Four,” journeyed to Washington City on April 9. There, he met with Grenville M. Dodge, the UP’s chief engineer who had recently completed a term as a U. S. Congressman. These two men were designated by their respective companies to resolve the impasse.
Corinne, a Hell on Wheels town in Utah.
Both railroads were desirous of using Ogden, Utah, as the point where the railroads exchanged passengers and freight. However, in the race to see who could lay the most track, the UP had already moved 25 miles beyond Ogden. On April 7, a UP locomotive steamed across Bear River, near where it spilled into the Great Salt Lake, and established Corinne, Utah, one of the last Hell on Wheels towns. The CP was still laying track several miles west of the north shore of the Great Salt Lake—a long way from Ogden.
Welcome Sign at Promontory Summit, Utah.
On April 10 the UP stopped grading west of Promontory Summit, and on April 15 the CP stopped grading east of the designated meeting location. The two railroads had graded past each other for 250 miles, and in five places their lines crossed each other. Now,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.382088
Retrieved Text: Facias - Eagle talons ebay. Find great deals on ebay for eagle talons shop with confidence skip to main content ebay logo: shop by category 8oz eagle detailed with talons hip flask wild life brand new $ buy it now free shipping sponsored 95 98 eagle talon carpet set cutpile top quality acc new usa made. Hip flask plus ebay stores. Personally engraved hip flasks, customized mugs and tumblers, personalized ink pens and lighters shot glasses, engraved shot glasses, greek life, all types of hip flasks, bottle openers, and christmas ornaments also used for gift tags and wine toppers. 8oz black sugar skull pattern flask l1. 8oz black sugar skull pattern flask l1 this 8oz stainless steel polished powder coated flask is a great buy! the sturdy design, screw down cap, smooth and shiny surface and thick powder coating combine to make this a high quality buy at a super low wholesale price. Flask life for sale golf supplies online store. 8oz eagle 8oz eagle detailed with talons hip flask wild life 8oz black 8oz black flower of life flask l1 8oz celtic 8oz celtic tree of life black flask l1 casino life casino life flask gaming set engraved wedding engraved wedding cufflinks hip flask and socks best man today best friend for life. 8oz god of mischief flask l1. 8oz god of mischief flask l1 this 8oz stainless steel polished powder coated flask is a great buy! the sturdy design, screw down cap, smooth and shiny surface and thick powder coating combine to make this

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.220312
Retrieved Text: These coins depict the amazing bald eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus), Canada’s largest bird of prey and the only eagle exclusive to North America. An apex predator with no natural enemies, the bald eagle has long been a potent symbol of vision, power, and stoicism.
The adult boasts a wing span of more than 2 metres, a standing height of about 1 metre, and an average weight of up to 7 kilograms. Females are generally larger than males and fiercely protect their chicks in the nest. The renowned raptor is noted for its distinctive dark-feathered body and white-feathered head, large golden eyes, bright yellow beak, and massive yellow claws armed with sharp, powerful talons.
Two unique features for cutting-edge security include precise radial lines and a micro-engraved lasered maple leaf in the coin's field. In the center of this mark, visible under magnification, is the numeral 2018, denoting the coin's year of issue.
Distinctive finish features a bald eagle and nest in brilliant relief on a lined textured background.
An attractive acquisition for both first-time precious metal buyers and long-term investors.
A striking addition to your precious metals portfolio.
The government of Canada guarantees the purity, weight and legal tender value of Canadian silver eagle coins.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.678518
Retrieved Text: My sister sees one all of the time from her high rise window at work in the downtown area. The Peregrine Falcon has a hankering for pigeons and she will see them swoosh past her window going for its intended meal. This bird can capture a bird in mid air at speeds of up to 240 miles per hour. I’m not sure if my sister spots them going at this particular speed but nonetheless that is amazing if you ask me.
You see the Peregrine Falcon is considered the fastest bird in the world. The next fastest is the Golden Eagle going at top speeds of 200 miles per hour. You may be able to spot a Peregrine in your own city as they have adapted well to large city areas. Why? Because in most large cities you will find pigeons which is their favorite bird to eat. Peregrines eat other birds too such as mourning doves, shorebirds, waterfowl, ptarmigan, grouse, and smaller songbirds such as jays, buntings, larks, waxwings, and starlings.
The Peregrine Falcon is a bird of prey. It has dark blue-gray wings that are barred underneath, a light colored spotted underside, barred tail and legs with thick orange talons and a hooked beak. You will note a blue-gray wide streak reaching from each eye to its neck. They stand 15 to 21 inches with a wing span of three and a half feet.
Peregrine Falcons can be seen on every continent with the exception of Antartica. Look for them on high perches such as bridges (where

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.48805
Retrieved Text: Eagle tattoos have been an expression of freedom for ages. The appearance of an eagle has been associated with pride and patriotism, but they also make for striking pieces of art all unto themselves.
The majority of eagle tattoos feature the American bald eagle. These large, strong birds are often depicted with wings spread wide, and a determined expression on their face. They have broad, brown wings; a white head, yellow beak and talons and striking golden eyes. These eagles are generally shown alongside a swaying American flag, or intertwined with the body of the bird. One idea for this particular design is to place the eagle in flight, with the flag as part of its flapping wings.
Although the bald eagle is very popular in eagle tattoos, there are several different varieties of this creature. Many people prefer to use the larger types of eagle for their piece, as they allow for more detail. For example, when its wings are spread, the harpy eagle’s wings sport a bold white and gray pattern; the feathers on their head are also remarkable, as they appear in an almost crown-like shape. The harpy eagle is also known for its fantastic speed and strength, and is capable of carrying off large tree dwelling mammals. It was named after the harpies of Greek mythology, and can be depicted in tattoo art as carrying off the placid spirits of the dead to Hades. You could also show a more serene image of a Wahlberg’s eagle sitting peacefully on a branch with golden brown

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.452152
Retrieved Text: In the desolate yet beautiful mountainous terrain of western Mongolia live 60 or so remaining traditional eagle hunters. These tough, proud Kazakh nomads, living in harsh sub zero temperatures use golden eagles to hunt on horseback. This ancient tradition of training golden eagles to hunt for foxes and sometimes wolves is still part of daily life for these eagle hunter families who use the prey for both food and warm clothing. The hunter takes the young female wild eaglet from its nest and trains it over the next 1-2 years; whereby the eagle becomes part of the family and takes pride of place in the home - ‘ger' tent. A special bond develops between hunter and eagle - a trusting relationship between man and this enormous bird of prey. After about 8-9 years the hunter releases the eagle back into the wild - an emotional moment for both hunter and eagle. Despite some of the harshest conditions I've experienced in my years of travelling, staying with the eagle hunter families were one of my most rewarding and genuine travel experiences.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.379671
Retrieved Text: Long-crested Eagle adult is dark brown or black. It has long white patches at the joint of the wings, visible when perched, forming white lines on each side of the breast. Underwing coverts are white, with black spots. It has broad dark tail strongly barred of white. Tarsi are whitish. Wings are long and broad.
Hooked bill is yellow with dark tip. Eyes are golden or reddish-brown. Feet are yellow with slender talons.
In the first weeks after hatching, female remains or on near the nest while male brings food. After three weeks, female hunts more than male.
Young reaches its plumage at about 28 days, and remains around the nest from 40 to 50 days. It performs its first flight at about 55 days. Then, it moves rapidly away from the site. It is fed by both parents another two weeks.
This species produces one single brood per year, with only one chick per nest. Probably the older kills the other.
Long-crested Eagle feeds mainly on small mammals, and also lizards and small snakes, and occasionally, it takes young poultry.
Long-crested Eagle is beneficial to human, killing any small rodents.
This species is widely distributed in Africa, except in the arid NE of the country.
Long-crested Eagle is found in Africa, South of Sahara, from Senegal to Ethiopia, and southwards, to the Cape.
Pair has usually a regular area where they can be seen day after day.
Long-crested Eagle is very noisy when it displays. It calls from perches, around the nest site. Usually, it uses the same perch every day.
Long-crested Eagle is fairly common

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.264345
Retrieved Text: Will Braddock leaves Burlington, Iowa, wearing his father’s old Army slouch hat when he embarks upon his quest to determine his own destiny in Eagle Talons, The Iron Horse Chronicles–Book One. In Chapter 1, I describe the faded black officer’s hat as being without the “gold braid.” A junior officer, as was Will’s father, would actually have worn a gold and black interwoven cord, ending in acorn ornaments called finials. Only general officers’ hats were adorned with a solid gold cord. Will’s hat would not have looked like this, it was battered and dirty. The Union Pacific offers Will a new hat when he accepts his first job with the railroad, but he keeps his father’s old one. He will wear the same hat throughout the trilogy.
When Will first encounters the Union Pacific, most railroad engineers are wearing top hats, like Abraham Lincoln, as a badge of distinction. Railroad workers, however, soon adopted the bowler because it did not easily blow off when leaning off the side of a moving train. Today’s ubiquitous blue and white striped railroader’s cap had not yet been created. If you look closely at the engineer standing behind the cab of the locomotive pictured on the cover of Eagle Talons, you will see he is wearing a bowler hat.
This entry was posted in Army, Eagle Talons - Book One, Iron Horse Chronicles' Characters, The Iron Horse Chronicles, Transcontinental Railroad, Union Pacific and tagged Adventure Fiction, Eagle Talons, Fictional Character, Frontier Fiction, Historical Costumes, Historical Fiction, Middle Grade Fiction, Paddy O'Hannigan, Teen

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.042662
Retrieved Text: How many times have you had your sights on something that looked delicious and rewarding? Your vision was sharp as an eagle. You have the skill and experience but you are still not a veteran at this game. Your hopes are high, you take aim, execute the plan and ……boom! you miss the target. What do you do now?Do you add another page to the “I can never do this” book? Do you pack it in? Throw in the towel? Retreat and lick wounds? My friend look at the eagles in our estuary. I have proof in this post that not every image of an eagle fishing is successful. In fact this young fellow not only missed the target but he caught seaweed, a little embarrassing for one who rules the sky. But I can assure you the hunt is not over for this young champion of the sky. He will certainly rise again, not only to soar to great heights but he will take aim again and like a star falling from the sky suddenly his talons will feel the victory of a fresh meal. Spread your wings and rise again – the day is not finished.
Join our community list to receive the latest news and updates from our team.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.754047
Retrieved Text: Equally as exciting as creating Felt birds is photographing them in their natural habitat. I have been watching the Bald Eagles on the Delaware River in Layton, NJ/Dingmans Ferry, PA for many years now. They make me so happy and this completed piece has my whole heart.
Machine embroidered and hand stitched and comes with a felt rainbow trout for his talons. From talons to wing tip, this eagle measures 27". From tip of beak to tip of tail measures 17". The talons are open to the width of 6". This Felt Bald Eagle can be hung with fish in talons or perched on a shelf. Fish is not attached to the talons. Talons are made of metal wire and are wrapped with thread.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.60262
Retrieved Text: A Tortoise desired to change its place of residence, so he asked an Eagle to carry him to his new home, promising her a rich reward for her trouble. The Eagle agreed and seizing the Tortoise by the shell with her talons soared aloft. On their way they met a Crow, who said to the Eagle: "Tortoise is good eating." "The shell is too hard," said the Eagle in reply. "The rocks will soon crack the shell," was the Crow's answer; and the Eagle, taking the hint, let fall the Tortoise on a sharp rock, and the two birds made a hearty meal of the Tortoise.
Never soar aloft on an enemy's pinions.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.564325
Retrieved Text: The male ski racers on the World Cup circuit took to it last week. The female ski racers will be racing it tomorrow. It'll be part of the FIS World Alpine Ski Championships when they land in Vail and Beaver Creek in 2015. And it's one of the 13 runs you have to ski from top to bottom, lift opening to lift close, at the annual Talons Challenge. Don't ski it early and you could easily be looking at a scary sheet of ice.
To some, including the World Cup racers, it's known as the Birds of Prey downhill course at Beaver Creek Resort in Colorado. To others, you'll find it listed on the trail map as Golden Eagle. The double black run can be accessed from the Birds of Prey lift or the Cinch lift, which takes you to the summit, follows a blue trail out of the start gate, and then picks up speed, near drop-offs and jumps before it turns blue again and ends where the Birds of Prey, Grouse Mountain and Larkspur lifts converge.
I forgot just how steep and scary this run can get until I was watching the Universal Sports' coverage of the World Cup men. Bode Miller made the run look easy until you saw him panting at the bottom and still catching his breath when he was being interviewed. He eventually took the race but not before other favorites like Aksel Lund Svindahl and Didier Cuche got their skis handed to them on some of the course's wily turns. Turn

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.562017
Retrieved Text: Bring 6 Prairie Wolf Paws and 4 Plainstrider Talons to Mull Thunderhorn in Bloodhoof.
Goblins and their servants have tainted our sacred water wells! We cannot allow this.
To cleanse each well, I must create a cleansing totem, then you must bring the totem to the well and perform a cleansing ritual.
First we will create a cleansing totem for the Winterhoof Water Well. To do this, the land must offer its aid. Hunt prairie wolves for their paws and adult plainstriders for their talons. They are to the southwest.
Return to me with the paws and talons, [player].

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.488838
Retrieved Text: In the foreground an eagle is perched on a cliff, clutching a trout in its talons. A gliding eagle is seen in the background. Walter Liebel'™s detailed and realistic artwork is high-fired for lasting permanence. Raised relief borders and a decorative handle give the finishing touches to this beautiful stein. Embossed pewter lid features a detailed eagle.

================



======= Instance Index 318 =========
Input Text: What contributes to prey animals being able to survive predators long enough to mate?

Which is the correct answer?
- hiding in bushes
- eating sweets
- how they're named.
- listening to music

Target Text: hiding in bushes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.898273
Retrieved Text: Why would the right amygdala be hard-wired for responding to, focusing on, and remembering visual information about animals?
My answer is that this functional specialization in the brain helped our early ancestors survive their anomalous position as predators-without-bodily-equipment long before the invention of language. Unlike other mammalian predators, our ancestors did not evolve strong forelimbs, grasping claws, slicing teeth, speed, or an enhanced sense of smell for capturing animals. Our ancestors took an evolutionary short-cut 2.6 million years ago and invented stone tools. With those tools, they were able to obtain meat, fat, marrow, and hide from prey that they had never been able to take before. Abundant cutmarks on fossil bones starting at 2.6 million years ago show that our ancestors quickly became highly effective hunters, even though they had none of the bodily equipment of true carnivores.
By being predators-without-equipment, our ancestors came under evolutionary pressure to pay close attention both to the real carnivores, who competed for prey and wouldn't balk at eating our ancestors, and their own potential prey. Accumulating visual information about the behavior of both sorts of animals became key to survival.
Atenție! Sexul dǎuneazǎ grav sǎnǎtǎții!
Sǎ nu uiți, Richie, sǎ nu uiți!
Y Ddraig Goch ddyry gychwyn!
La pendule d`argent qui dit "je vous attends"
Da-v-aș Bach la tot cartieru’!
Sa cistigati pentru el, da?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.190735
Retrieved Text: This lizard (above), camouflages by blending with the lichen on rocks, while the tortoise (below), has a hard shell to deter would-be predators.
Keen senses are an important adaptation for many organisms, both predators and prey.
A predator is an organism that eats another organism. The prey is the organism which the predator eats. Some examples of predator and prey are lion and zebra, bear and fish, and fox and rabbit. The words "predator" and "prey" are almost always used to mean only animals that eat animals, but the same concept also applies to plants: Bear and berry, rabbit and lettuce, grasshopper and leaf.
Predator and prey evolve together. The prey is part of the predator's environment, and the predator dies if it does not get food, so it evolves whatever is necessary in order to eat the prey: speed, stealth, camouflage (to hide while approaching the prey), a good sense of smell, sight, or hearing (to find the prey), immunity to the prey's poison, poison (to kill the prey) the right kind of mouth parts or digestive system, etc. Likewise, the predator is part of the prey's environment, and the prey dies if it is eaten by the predator, so it evolves whatever is necessary to avoid being eaten: speed, camouflage (to hide from the predator), a good sense of smell, sight, or hearing (to detect the predator), thorns, poison (to spray when approached or bitten), etc.
In this snowy environment, the polar bear is white to avoid being noticed as it approaches the seal, and the seal pup

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.387436
Retrieved Text: Why do cats have vertical slits while goats have horizontal-shaped pupils? This is the question that a team of researchers from the University of California (Berkeley) and the University of Durham (Great Britain) set out to answer.
They looked at the eyes of 214 different species and found that the eye shapes of animals can inform whether the members of a species are natural predators or prey. It’s worth mentioning that the study only included land animals.
As you may have expected, animals who have pupils that are elongated and vertical – cats and reptiles for instance – are generally considered to be ambush predators, meaning that they are natural predators who hunt both in the daylight and at night. They are known for using stealth, rather than speed or strength, in order to catch their prey.
Animals who have pupils that are elongated and horizontal – goats and sheep for instance – are generally considered to be plant eaters and prey, whereas animals who have pupils that are circular – humans, dogs and birds – are generally linked to good, all-around vision and the ability to chase down one’s prey.
But the shape of an animal’s eyes helps it survive. Even in the case of prey, Martin Banks (a professor of optometry from Berkeley) and Gordon Love (Durham’s director of the Centre for Advanced Instrumentation) informed that the eyes have two (2) main functions: to help animals spot predators and then flee them.
Professor Banks gave a statement saying that “To detect approaching predators […] they need to see panoramically

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.947803
Retrieved Text: The natural world is not a harmonious place. In the fight to survive and reproduce, any advantage in getting a mate, finding food, or avoiding predators pays dividends. Martin Stevens explores how animals and plants trick, cheat, and deceive each other to their own advantage in their bid for survival.In nature, trickery and deception are widespread. Animals and plants mimic other objects or species in the environment for protection, trick other species into rearing their young, lure prey to their death, and deceive potential mates for reproduction. Cuckoos lay eggs carefully matched to their host`s own clutch. Harmless butterflies mimic the wing patterning of a poisonous butterfly to avoid being eaten. The deep-sea angler fish hangs a glowing, fleshy lure in front of its mouth to draw the attention of potential prey, while some male fish alter their appearance to look like females in order to sneak past rivals in mating. Some orchids develop the smell of female insects in order to attract pollinators, while carnivorous plants lure insects to their death with colourful displays. In this book, Martin Stevens describes the remarkable range of such adaptations in nature, and considers how they have evolved, and become increasingly perfected as part of an arms race between predator and prey or host and parasite. He explores the work of naturalists and biologists from Alfred Russel Wallace to current research, showing how scientists find ways of testing the impact of particular behaviours and colourings on the animals it is meant to fool, as opposed to our human perceptions.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.184845
Retrieved Text: These salamanders, like the poison-dart frog, have a toxin on their skin to deter predators. Their bright yellow warns against this, telling the enemy to think again before it attacks this harmful animal. Fire salamanders also have another defense against predators not warned away by the bright colors. This animal has glands, called paratoid glands, behind its eyes. These glands produce an extremely irritating liquid that is squirted into a still determined predator’s mouth or eyes. This predator repellent can be squirted up to 6.5 feet (2 m)!
Because fire salamanders are amphibians, they hibernate during the winter. During one experiment, scientists found that some fire salamanders will go yearly to the same place for over twenty periods of hibernation! This is partially due to the fact that these salamanders will live in the same range for many years. They have been noticed to even use the same path and keep landmarks to find the right place. While scientists do not yet know if the salamanders find these landmarks with sight or with smell, some experiments have shown that visual landmarks are more important.
These salamanders, being nocturnal, hunt their prey at night. This prey includes many soft invertebrates including worms, beetles, slugs, insect larva, and centipedes. Fire salamanders have been seen using different methods of catching prey depending on how light it is when they are prowling. If it is light enough, they will skip over prey that is still and go only for the prey that is easy to see because it is moving. If it

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.84394
Retrieved Text: Live the life of a wild & vicious arctic fox! lead, protect your family as you look to slaughter any creature that crosses your path. Start your fox family and battle of survival & hunger with harsh winter conditions in fox simulator games with the blend of arctic fox simulator and become foxes of the arctic. In fox games, beware of ferocious predators and fight together with mate as clan of fox in big snowy forest. Fight on your snowy territory! hunt, eat, drink, sleep, and lots more. Fox simulator games were never been so adventurous. Control your ultimate arctic fox beast in our arctic fox simulator, attack your prey to survive in the snow of the jungle and become clan of fox with the help of your mate. In this 3d wild animal simulator play as ferocious arctic fox as he freely roams near and far to hunt his enemies. Explore big 3d Jungle and extremely cold weather of snow and look for prey to attack with your with your fox simulator or fox games. Hunt other wild animals that come within your sight because this is ultimate battle of survival and hunger with fox simulator games and become a part of this fox games online. Play as realistic wild fox in this adventure game and survive in harsh winter weather with this ARCTIC FOX SIMULATOR 3D!
Become foxes of the arctic with the help of your mate. Search your mate and junior fox cub! fight together as clan of fox. Enjoy real fox life with

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.583622
Retrieved Text: In Spider Family Simulator, handle your wild spider, black widow, tarantula spider and fight other insect and animals. Raise family & breed new little spiders and create your spider family in spider nest. Let's hunting other small insects and make them your prey in spider simulator games. Many enemies to face rabbit, lizard, cockroach, snake for survival in this spider survival game. In spider family sim you will fight and have battles in jungle against vicious jungle bosses in RPG spider nest simulation. In spider insect 3d animal game you ultimate spider will behave like a real wild spider in jungle. Ultimate spider family simulator survival will allow you to fight and take care of your family from dangerous creatures and wild animals in open jungle world. Get your kingdom back and save your pack and survive in forest.Spider Family Simulator Features:- Explore massive micro world as your environment.- Fight many predators & wild insects & other animals for survival.- Find female & raise spider family & fight as a pack.- Extreme wilderness, difficult fighting situations.- HQ animations of the 3D spider, ants, insects & wild snakes.- Collect food for larva & mate after fighting other insect spider & bug.In this spider family games and spider family sim explore the micro world, fight and defend your territory and live the nest made in forest. Start finding a mate in this adventure life of black widow spider simulator games. Your insect spider has to defend for survival in this insect family simulator. You are the small and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.56158
Retrieved Text: WE human beings are accustomed to see the interaction between predator and prey in moral terms, but this view is of little value. Darwin’s famous definition of survival of the fittest is far more applicable than the type of moral considerations often imposed on natural events. What the moral view fails to see is the fact that both predator and prey benefit from the relationship in a balanced ecology, and that the system often operates in the best interests of both species.
All animal life, in one way or another, is dependent on plants. Only the plants can make the complex carbon molecules, the sugars and the amino acids, that are required for life. Many animals feed wholly or in part on plants, while other animals eat the plant-eaters. Because of the relationship between plants and animals, the meat-eaters have much more limited supply of food than the plant-eaters and there are therefore fewer of them. This general rule can be seen in operation in many different types of habitat. Every fisherman knows that while there may be many tiny minnows in a river, there are likely to be few large pike. The predators, in other words, tend to come at or near the end of a food chain, where much of the energy originally taken from the plants eaten by the plant-eating animals has already been spent on keeping the plant-eaters alive. An additional reason is that the predators must not eat all their prey — if the pike were to eat all the minnows, no

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.46606
Retrieved Text: Coyotes and wolves are quite different animals. Gray wolves are apex predators, from which few animals in their ranges are safe. Coyotes are smaller canids that historically have preyed upon small game. In some cases, wolves even prey upon coyotes. Despite these overt physical differences, the two species are very closely related. The numerous similarities include their diets, hunting styles and high intelligence.
Four types of wolflike canid inhabit North America: gray wolves (Canis lupus), red wolves (C. rufus), coyotes (C. latrans) and domestic dogs (Canis familiaris). Numerous examples of hybridization exist between all four species. Gray wolves are related incredibly closely to domestic dogs. The difference between their mitochondrial DNA is about 0.2 percent, and most mammalogists agree that dogs are the direct descendants of one or more populations of gray wolves. Gray wolves and coyotes shared a common ancestor about 2 million years ago, and their mitochondrial DNA differs by about 4 percent. The origin and status of the endangered red wolf is debated. Some scientists suggest that the entire species is the product of hybidization between gray wolves and coyotes. Others hypothesize that although interbreeding between red wolves and coyotes is extensive, red wolves form an independent lineage.
All canids are intelligent animals who can solve problems and outwit prey. Coyotes' intelligence is evident in their ability to figure out how to survive in close proximity to humans. Additionally, both species exhibit their intelligence through their development of complex social systems. Wolves are very social animals who form packs with clear hierarchies; in most cases,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.71594
Retrieved Text: What the wolf lacks in size, power and weapons it makes up for with collaboration and intelligence. Smaller and less powerful than mountain lions, for example, wolves work together to take down prey much larger than an individual wolf; prey that may otherwise elude them. While individual wolves have been able to subdue large prey animals, their advantage is in collaborating with their pack.
Wolves are opportunists. They test their prey, sensing any weakness or vulnerability through visual cues and even through hearing and scent. Contrary to ambush predators that rely on the element of surprise and a short and intense burst of energy to secure their prey, wolves are endurance or coursing predators. They chase their prey, often over longer distances, sometimes even a few miles, in order to find the right animal or opportunity. On the hunt, wolves work together with certain individuals typically carrying out their specific role in the hunt, often based on age, gender and social standing.
While wolves will eat hares and other small prey, their preferred targets are ungulates, large hoofed animals such as deer and elk. Individual packs will specialize in hunting specific prey species. While most often that is elk, caribou, deer and moose, it can also be bison, muskoxen, dall sheep or even salmon.
It is not uncommon for wolves to be injured or even killed during the hunt by being kicked by a hoof or gored by an antler. Most often the prey they select is in some way weaker and/or more vulnerable than the other animals in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.634624
Retrieved Text: What Is the Difference between a Lion and Jaguar?
African lions (Panthera leo) and jaguars (Panthera onca) are both well known, and great eco-tourist attractions. They are strictly carnivores, and the top predators in their geographic ranges. But the similarities end there. Where they live, their social behavior, how and what they hunt, and their reproduction are very different.
Lions inhabit the grassy plains and savannah of sub-Saharan Africa, but can live in forests, semi-desert and mountainous habitats. You won't find them in deserts or tropical rain forests though.
Lowland tropical rain forests are jaguars' main habitat, though they can survive in others, including deserts. Found in parts of North, Central and South America, the greatest concentration of jaguars is in the Amazon Basin.
Lions are 4.5 to 6.5 feet in length and weigh 270 to 600 pounds. They have short, tawny coats that blend with the grasslands where they live and hunt. The mature males have long manes that can be blond through to black. There are no official records of lions with black coats.
Jaguars are a similar length, but their lean, muscular bodies only weigh between 150 and 300 pounds. Their coats are a pale yellow to red-brown and covered in black rosette-shaped spots. Black jaguars -- black base coats with just visible black spots -- are fairly common, and both coats are good camouflage in dense forest.
Lions live in groups called prides with about six related females, their dependent young and a coalition of two to three males -- the number of lions can vary. The males

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.751183
Retrieved Text: As it is Fitness February, here’s an interesting question that Dr Lewis Halsey from the Department of Life Sciences talked about earlier last year at New Scientist Live in London.
If humans want to get fit, we have to expend quite a bit of energy through exercise. In terms of our basic anatomy and physiology, the inner workings of our bodies are similar to other mammals. Given this, wouldn’t it make sense that animals need to exercise to stay fit, too?
Scientists have been working with humans for a long time to make athletes more physically fit and improve training techniques, and looking at their diets to have a fitness advantage over other athletes. In contrast, there is very little research into other animals and if they exercise to keep fit. However, we don’t expect to see unfit animals in the wild. In the wild environment, if you are out of shape, you won’t last long. If you are prey you’ll get caught; if a predator, you won’t be able to hunt successfully. Perhaps the wild environment is a large gym where animals naturally stay fit to survive in these environments.
An example of an animal that is not particularly active on a daily basis are Thomson’s gazelles that live on the plains of Africa. They spend most of their time standing, sitting or on the ground asleep or resting. The exercise they take is slowly walking and grazing on vegetation. However, if a gazelle is not in shape, it would be eaten by predators. But typically they are

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.653633
Retrieved Text: Rattlesnakes have an unusual way to scare away predators. When they rattle the hard, thick scales at the base of their tails, predators receive fair warning of a potentially deadly attack. Rattlesnake babies are born without rattles, but grow them within two weeks of birth, and continue to grow new rattles throughout their lifespans.
Male rattlesnakes fight each other before mating with females. The Denver Zoo notes that a male wins the right to mate by entwining his body with another male and throwing the competitor to the ground. Rattlesnake eggs mature inside the mother’s body, rather than in a nest, with the gestation period being six to seven months. Female snakes give birth in the spring or summer and produce as many as 20 young snakes in a pregnancy. Female rattlesnakes usually become pregnant every two to three years, depending on the species.
Hollow logs, crevices or other protected places are the locations of choice when a female rattlesnake gives birth to fully formed baby rattlesnakes. After one or two weeks, baby rattlesnakes begin to shed their skins for the first time and grow their first rattles. They venture off on their own and look for dens after they shed. Although the rattlesnakes are venomous at birth, life can be dangerous for baby snakes. They must avoid the animals and other snakes that view them as prey as they begin life on their own. Babies will reach maturity in about 3 years.
Rattlesnakes live in a variety of habitats, ranging from meadows and swamps to the desert. Many

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.516563
Retrieved Text: Search Snake Pest Control. Visit & Lookup Immediate Results Now.
Get Warm Blooded Reptiles Metasearch & Social Results Here.
Find Deals on Snake Stopper Snake Repellant in Pest Control on Amazon.
Search for Snake Deterant. Find Snake Deterant!
Snakes are cold-blooded. They become cold if the temperature gets cold. Since snakes cannot maintain their own body temperature, they move to warmer climates to stay warm. Snakes usually enter residences or underground tunnels to escape the cold.
Most reptiles today are cold-blooded, meaning their body temperature is determined by how warm or cold their surroundings are. But, some of the modern ocean's top predators, tuna and swordfish, are “homeothermic” (aka warm-blooded), or able to keep their body temperatures at a constant temperature despite changing environmental conditions.
Cold-blooded animals also need to be warm and active to find a mate and reproduce. Being cold-blooded, however, also has its advantages. Cold-blooded animals require much less energy to survive than warm-blooded animals do. Mammals and birds require much more food and energy than do cold-blooded animals of the same weight.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.47481
Retrieved Text: 1 How do animals communicate?
2 What is signalling theory?
Animal communication is the transfer of information between individuals and groups of animals. This could be intraspecies communication, such as sounds and vocalisations produced by whales in a pod. But it also includes interspecies communication, which can be seen in cases of great apes being taught to use sign language.
Both of these examples imply a certain degree of intentionality, not to mention intelligence. However, not all animal communication is like this.
Besides the five traditionally recognised human senses (taste, sight, touch, smell, and sound), some species are also capable of exchanging thermal, seismic and electric information.
When information leads to some kind of behavioural change by the receiver, this communication may be referred to as ‘signalling’. Animal signals can have a range of functions, from marking territory and finding a mate, to warding off predators and locating food.
Signalling theory predicts that for a signal to be maintained in the population, the interaction should benefit both the sender and receiver. In Madagascar, for example, red-fronted lemurs and sifakas, can recognise one another’s alarm calls. The selective advantage of being able to detect the alarm calls of another species ensures this ability is passed down to future generations.
It’s important to note that the terms ‘honest’ and ‘dishonest’, when used in conjunction with signalling, are not meant in the human sense. There is no intent here, rather a signal is considered ‘honest’ if it truly conveys useful information to the receiver.
A prime example of this is the aposematic warning signal of a poisonous

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.197308
Retrieved Text: Talk about an odd bird—a bald eagle with white spots has been seen in Washington State.
"It was chaotic, with eagles flying and calling everywhere, then in came this eagle. It didn't take me long to figure out what we saw was something very special," Walter told National Geographic News by email.
"I was so excited, but I contained myself and focused on this eagle, and wound up with some great shots. I have seen a couple leucistic animals before, and figured that's what was going on."
Leucism is a mutation that prevents melanin, or pigment, from being produced in parts of an animal's body. In the case of birds, the pigment is absent from some feathers.
Bald eagles on the cusp of adulthood have similar mottled feathers, but in this case, the bird has the telltale golden eyes and beak of an adult, added Teresa McGill, a wildlife photographer with McGill's Nature in Motion. The pure-white head is also a sign of adulthood.
"This is an extremely mature eagle, [and it's] not just going through its change of plumage. Beautiful!" McGill said by email.
Leucism is seen in many bird species, although it's relatively rare, noted Patrick Comins, director of bird conservation for Audubon Connecticut. Comins has seen only a handful in his lifetime of bird-watching, mostly in red-tailed hawks.
Their rarity may be because leucistic birds are at a disadvantage. Unless they live in snowy regions, their striking white color may be more noticeable to predators or prey and may also turn off members of their own species.
The recently photographed bald

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.944546
Retrieved Text: The savanna is a type of grasslands biome. The savanna is sometimes called the tropical grasslands. To learn about the other major type of grasslands biome, go to our temperate grasslands page.
Grasses and trees - The savanna is a rolling grassland with scattered trees and shrubs.
Rainy and dry seasons - Savannas have two distinct seasons in regards to precipitation. There is a rainy season in the summer with around 15 to 25 inches of rain and a dry season in the winter when only a couple of inches of rain may fall.
Large herds of animals - There are often large herds of grazing animals on the savanna that thrive on the abundance of grass and trees.
Warm - The savanna stays pretty warm all year. It cools down some during the dry season, but stays warm and humid during the rainy season.
Where are the major savanna biomes?
Savannas are generally found between the desert biome and the rainforest biome. They are mostly located near the equator.
The largest savanna is located in Africa. Nearly half of the continent of Africa is covered with savanna grasslands. Other major savannas are located in South America, India, and northern Australia.
One of the more spectacular sights in nature is the animals of the African Savanna. Because the savanna is so rich in grasses and tree life, many large herbivores (plant eaters) live here and congregate in large herds. These include zebras, wildebeests, elephants, giraffes, ostriches, gazelles, and buffalo. Of course, where you have lots of herbivores, there must be predators. There are many

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.747093
Retrieved Text: The arms race has changed a lot since 550 million years ago, when predation was slow and passive. There was no need for speed or protection at that time. Animal bodies were soft and spongy, and the animals ate their food as it floated by them. Next, animals developed jaws, eyes and fins, etc, enabling them to hunt for their food.
Armor (sea shells) was one protective shield that eventually was used against predators; scales, like chain-mail were also used for protection. As a result, predators evolved with stronger jaws. Over time, armor, as a protective device, begins to slow down, and speed is the new weapon for catching prey and evading predators. Animals also evolved improved sensors, which beat out armor as a defense. Many were successful escape artists, however, jaws evolved that were even more powerful (sharks).
Over more time, camouflage evolved to allow animals to be masters of disguise. This was especially helpful against predators with poor vision. Another protective device that emerged was mimicry. Animals would appear like others who were poisonous or dangerous, so that their predators stayed away from them. The cuddle fish was able to mesmerize its prey with its skin, which appeared to be flashing. Later still, eyesight got even sharper. The portia spider’s eyes, its main hunting tool, are like seeing machines. Predatory weaponry and prey defenses are no longer passive as they used to be when there was little need for speed or protection.
Co-Evolution- when animals pressure each other to change over time, due to the need to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.650322
Retrieved Text: Natural evolution has resulted in some really innovative ways for animals to avoid capture and ambush their prey. Today we look at 8 of the best animal camouflage patterns in nature.
The animal world is truly amazing. We get to see and explore some of the most mysterious and downright weird and wonderful species, simply by traveling, watching TV, surfing the Internet, or flicking through a magazine.
Of course, the animal world is rather dog-eat-dog, to coin a phrase, and in order to survive, some pretty interesting methods have been adopted. Camouflage is one of them.
Animals don’t adopt camouflage for fashion, they adopt it for survival. Basically, by being able to change their appearance to fade into their surroundings, they literally become invisible to their predators. This means that they can live to fight another day! Clever, right?
Let’s check out the top masters of camouflage in the animal world and find out a little more about them.
Much like the octopus, cuttlefish are able to change their appearance to mimic their surroundings. For this reason they are often called the “chameleons of the sea”. They change their color and pattern to communicate with other cuttlefish, warn off predators, and also to help them ambush prospective prey.
Besides changing their color and pattern, cuttlefish have another really cool camouflage trick. They have small bands of circular muscle under the skin that allow them to change the texture of it. This allows them to change their skin from flat in appearance to bumpy and uneven. This is how they mimic the appearance

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.633755
Retrieved Text: Some cat owners are perplexed at the pet’s unaccountable inclination to climb trees. Cats are really agile animals. These furry friends are known to have the ability of jumping from high places and landing on their feet. It must be understood that cats are predators and one of the prey of these animals are birds. Cats would climb trees to rob the nest of nestlings. Cats love birds…if you happen to see bird feathers on the ground after the cat is seen up high on the tree it is highly possible that the pet had one or two birds for its dinner. Yes, cats love to eat birds.
Cats are natural predators. Before domestication, cats have survived by hunting and eating rodents and other small animals. These capable predators hunt birds as well…in fact about 20 to 30% of cats’ prey are birds. Before cats became pampered indoor pets, these animals were originally kept by people in barns and in grain warehouses to keep these places rat-free. Farmers have solved vermin concerns by keeping cats. Cats proliferated. In recent times, the situation was reversed. The cats that have become so valuable to farmers and game keepers are now considered as vermin. The large numbers of cats on the loose have dissipated ground bird population. Cats are highly adaptable when it comes to their prey. These animals would hunt any small animals and birds have become a favorite prey. Cats hunt (and eat) not only small birds but big birds as well. Cats eat crows, magpies and other

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.53602
Retrieved Text: Why Are Some Animals Nocturnal?
Staying awake at night and sleeping during the day is relatively common in the animal world. While this seems pretty strange to most humans (except for some of our ancient ancestors), there are plenty of advantages that make being nocturnal a smart evolutionary move.
Of course, it’s not that animals decide one day to switch their sleeping patterns. And truthfully, it’s almost impossible to truly say why a given trait arose. Here are some of our best theories for why some animals are nocturnal.
There are fewer predators out at night. The vast majority of nocturnal animals are birds, insects, and mammals, not reptiles. A leading theory for why animals are nocturnal is that this trait evolved as a way to avoid being eaten by dinosaurs and other top predators back when mammals and birds started to expand as groups.
It’s easier to avoid detection at night. While many nocturnal animals have heightened senses of smell and hearing, it’s still a bit easier to avoid detection at night. The darkness helps both predators and prey move around a bit more stealthily. Prey animals use the cover of night to forage more safely, while predators capitalize on the same darkness to ambush prey more easily.
There are prey animals out at night. If you’re a predator who specializes in eating small mammals, there’s no better time to be outside than nighttime. Predators are generally more successful if they hunt while their prey is awake and mobile – so many predators hunt at night to match their prey’s

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.505844
Retrieved Text: Filled with fascinating facts, this series looks at the extraordinary animals living in southern Africa. Discover the amazing adaptations that animals have developed in order to survive. Find out about their lifecycles, the places they live, why some keep territories, why they migrate or hibernate, how they find a mate and escape predators, and how they interact with one another.
The sections on conservation matters and animal classification introduce new ways of thinking. Full-colour photographs, beautiful illustrations, fun activities, and informative text will help you understand what the lives of these animals are all about.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.43331
Retrieved Text: Subtropical Deserts which are the hottest and driest.
Cool Coastal Deserts which are cooler due to being near the ocean.
Cold Winter Deserts have temperatures that change from very hot to very cold in dif­ferent seasons.
Polar Deserts which have freezing temper­atures.
Most of the amazing animals in this post are from the hotter climate deserts such as the Sub­tropical and Coastal deserts.
Around one third of the Earth’s surface is cov­ered in deserts but only 20% of them are covered in sand. There are over 30 major deserts, not in­cluding the smaller ones, and all of them have some form of animal and plant life.
So how does an animal survive in such ex­treme conditions? What type of animals could even endure the hot sun during the day and the freezing cold during the night? What about those really strange looking sea creatures that live in the oceans of the coastal deserts?
Desert Horned Vipers are hard to find because they bury themselves in the sand to protect them­selves from the desert heat. They have horns that stick out above their eyes for protection especially when they burrow underground. They can’t dig holes though; they borrow the holes created by other desert animals like lizards.
Fun fact: When threatened, Desert Horned Vipers will rub their scales together to produce a saw-like sound.
Dung beetles survive by eating the feces of other animals. They find it using their keen sense of smell. They usually stay where the feces are, but if they’re taking care of children they roll it around and take it home.
Fun fact:

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.291084
Retrieved Text: Due to power interruptions brought by Typhoon Basyang, I have decided to watch Predators instead of staying at home in the darkness. It was really a choice between a local horror film and Predators and we decided to watch the latter.
The movie was a direct sequel to the Predator (1987) featuring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Predator 2 (1990) with Danny Glover. As mentioned by the writers, the plot of this movie does not coincide with the Aliens Versus Predator movie series.
The movie starts with the main character Royce (Adrien Brody) falling from the sky and meeting 7 other individuals in the forest where they have dropped. All of them remember a white light before falling from the sky and most of them were currently in a battle or gunfight before falling except for the death row in mate and a doctor (Topher Grace). As they discover that they are in a different planet upon reaching the higher grounds, they are attacked by alien creatures. Royce concluded that they were in a game preserve and as soldiers they are the game of the Predator.
During their run-in with their hunters they met Noland (Lawrence Fishburne) as the lone survivor of the previous hunts. They learned that there are 2 races of Predators and it was the superior ones that are currently hunting them. As one by one of them is being killed, they must find a way to fight back and not become a prey and leave the planet.
The movie consists of well known actors such as Adrien Brody

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.289436
Retrieved Text: Bird migration has always been about survival. Animals only learn to migrate, if it’s evolutionarily advantageous – for instance, if it helps them find better food sources or spots to mate. But migratory birds lead perilous existences. In the Anthropocene era, the age of man, mortality rates during migration have skyrocketed. Biotopes disappear, and birds are hunted and killed by power lines. In many species, eighty percent of young birds fail to survive the first year of their lives.
At the end of the Ice Age, the tundra where geese prefer to mate extended all the way to Cologne. Today geese, which winter in the relatively mild environment of Western Europe, travel thousands of kilometers to the Arctic Circle. One of their favorite spots is Kolguyev Island on the Barents Sea. “Migrating Birds - Scouts Of Distant Worlds” brought high-resolution aerial and ground cameras to the island to capture the moments when the goslings in their “down jackets” hatch – and the gulls begin their first attempts to hunt them.
When hundreds of thousands starlings form gigantic, dancing clouds in the skies over Rome, it’s about survival. By flying at high speeds in tight formations, the birds can defend themselves against bigger predators that lie in wait near the starlings’ resting places on the River Tiber. For the first time ever, “Migrating Birds - Scouts Of Distant Worlds” films this spectacular dance for survival from the air.
Another first is the winter migration of ibises from Bavaria to Italy. Ibises are trusting creatures. That made them easy prey for

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.18848
Retrieved Text: Wolves in the Wild and their History.
In North America wolves are commonly found as this is part of the remote that tend to be wolves habitat. Wolves are considered to be smart predators as they are highly social animals which tend to be very aggressive in nature. Wolves have a unique way of hunting and even though they tend to appear smaller in size they still feed on larger preys than their size.
Wolves not only hunt larger preys but they also target smaller mammals like rats, rabbits, and other livestock at home. Wolves are common species and are found in many parts of the world as there are various type if species that include gray wolves, pure white, brown, cinnamon and black. Gray wolves are always found in groups as that’s their nature to travel and hunt as a group for easy prey and also manage to attack their enemies will be very easy. Gray wolves are known by many due to their common nature they are found in many parts of the world.
Pups are baby wolfs that are born deaf and no sight at all they are then taken care of by the family till certain stage. Wolf pups are always born deaf and no sight however they are always taken care of by the mother till they are the age of ten months.
The mother wolf will take care of the pups from the day they are born and look after them till they reach 10 months of age at this point the mother tends

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.08781
Retrieved Text: "Predator" and "prey" redirect here. For other uses of "predator", see Predator (disambiguation). For other uses of "prey", see Prey (disambiguation).
Meat ants feeding on a cicada; some species can prey on individuals of far greater size, particularly when working cooperatively.
In an ecosystem, predation is a biological interaction where a predator (an organism that is hunting) feeds on its prey (the organism that is attacked). Predators may or may not kill their prey prior to feeding on them, but the act of predation often results in the death of the prey and the eventual absorption of the prey's tissue through consumption. Thus predation is often, though not always, carnivory. Other categories of consumption are herbivory (eating parts of plants), fungivory (eating parts of fungi), and detritivory (the consumption of dead organic material (detritus)). All these consumption categories fall under the rubric of consumer-resource systems. It can often be difficult to separate various types of feeding behaviors. For example, some parasitic species prey on a host organism and then lay their eggs on it for their offspring to feed on it while it continues to live in or on its decaying corpse after it has died. The key characteristic of predation however is the predator's direct impact on the prey population. On the other hand, detritivores simply eat dead organic material arising from the decay of dead individuals and have no direct impact on the "donor" organism(s).
Selective pressures imposed on one another often leads to an evolutionary arms race between prey and predator, resulting in various antipredator adaptations.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.70487
Retrieved Text: Far far being a calm, blue ocean, beneath the waves bursts a cacophony of sound, the loudest of which are man-made.
A calm, blue ocean can seem peaceful from a distance. Beneath the waves, however, bursts a cacophony of sound, the loudest and most disruptive of which are man-made, a form of noise pollution that disorients fish, mammals and other creatures. Anthropogenic noise -- sound generated by human activities including shipping, transportation, sonar communication, military activity and energy exploration -- can seriously disturb the behavioral patterns of marine life. Other environmental hazards aside, consider just the noise generated by the discovery, construction, production operations and maintenance of the offshore oil site seen in this photo. The ocean may be vast, but so is the presence of humans. That means that we have an effect on a broad variety of creatures at different levels of the food web. Here we explore some of the different ways noise pollution disrupts the lives of marine animals.
Sharks have lived on Earth for around 400 million years, but never have they faced the kinds of survival pressures placed on them by humans. Many shark species are vulnerable or endangered due largely to human activities like overfishing. Sound pollution also threatens some shark species. Sharks exposed to the added background noise created by anthropogenic activity suffer damage to their inner ear and other sensory tissues, according to a study published last year out of the University of Western Australia . Sharks are especially sensitive to low frequencies, within the same hearing range as

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.66514
Retrieved Text: Stealth, stamina, power, patience, speed, sound, smell and sight - these are all techniques used by predators when hunting.
BUT - it doesn't always work!
For example a Cheetah, the fastest land mammal, will rely on a burst of speed to catch its prey but the initial part of the hunt will involve the stealth of a stalk to get within range of its chosen prey.
The Leopard will use stealth as it tries to get in as close as possible to the prey before using power to overcome the prey. Both these predators will use patience at times if the prey is moving in their direction. They will lie low waiting for the prey to get as close as possible.Lions are the most opportunistic hunters, killing whatever crosses their path or walks into them while they are sleeping. In many areas of Africa lions have adapted to hunting a particular prey species. In these areas the success rate is higher than areas where they hunt a range of prey species. This is due to the fact that they get better with practice at one species.Bat-eared foxes move around with their large ears close to the ground listening for the movement of insects underground, particularly Termites, and when they hear the prey they will dig furiously to get to it. The Foxes are known to hear Termites up to 30 cm underground.
Jackals will use sight, sound and scent when hunting. They hunt rodents, birds and other small mammals. Observing Jackals hunting in scrub or long grass they will stop

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.664066
Retrieved Text: Death by suffocation is nightmarish enough, but boa constrictors do something even more sinister: They cut off your blood supply.
That’s the horrifying new discovery of Scott Boback from Dickinson College, whose latest research shows that the powerful squeeze of a boa constrictor halts blood and oxygen flow to the brain within seconds, rendering the victim useless as its organs slowly shut down. The findings, published this week in the Journal of Experimental Biology, may help explain why boa constrictors are sometimes able to take on prey much larger than themselves.
After spending years watching boas kill their prey, Boback began to doubt the long-held assumption that crushing snakes kill by simple suffocation. Caught in the grip of a boa constrictor’s coils, prey animals tend to die very, very quickly. And they’re often gasping for air right up until the end.
To find out what else could be going on, Boback and his colleagues sedated a bunch of live rats, inserted ECG electrodes and blood pressure catheters into their bodies, and watched boas devour them (you know, because science!). As the blood pressure and heart rate data streamed in, the team was astounded to discover that circulation shut down within seconds.
Many animals (humans included) can survive a surprisingly long time without breathing. But—as boas have cleverly discovered through evolution — not so much without a heartbeat.

================



======= Instance Index 286 =========
Input Text: A full moon and a crescent moon occur normally

Which is the correct answer?
- every two fortnights
- every week
- yearly
- every evening

Target Text: every two fortnights

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.469967
Retrieved Text: eastward relative to the horizon.
westward relative to the horizon.
eastward among the background stars.
westward among the background stars.
An eclipse of the Sun can only occur at what phase?
An eclipse of the Moon can only occur at what phase?
At what phase is the Moon visible all night, from sundown to sunup?
All phases are visible all night.
Around what phase would it be best to observe faint sky objects all night long without interference from moonlight?
There is no time when the moon doesn't appear at night.
If New Moon occurs on October 1, around what date will Full Moon occur?
If Last Quarter occurs on June 14, the Moon will be at what phase around June 22?
If First Quarter occurs on May 7, the Moon will be at what phase around May 22?
If Full Moon occurs on January 14, the Moon will be at what phase around February 12?
Looking at your calendar, you discover that today the Moon is at First Quarter. At sunset, where should you look for the Moon?
Looking at your calendar, you find out when Last Quarter will occur. When will it rise?
The moon revolves around the earth every 29.5 days.
The relative angle between the moon and the sun cause it to appear in different phases.
They do, that's what causes the phases of the moon.
The moon's orbit is tilted with respect to the ecliptic.
How often can we expect an eclipse of the Moon?
A solar eclipse occured in February. When will the next solar eclipse occur?
March of the same year.
March of the next year.
August of the same year.
Eclipses can not

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.32092
Retrieved Text: Explanation: How often does a Full Moon occur twice in a single month? Exactly once in a Blue Moon. In fact, the modern usage of the term "Blue Moon" refers to the second Full Moon in a single month. Tonight's Blue Moon (Universal Time) will be the first since September 1993. A Blue Moon typically occurs every few years. The reason for the rarity of the Blue Moon is that the 29.53 days between full moons is just slightly shorter than the number of days in the average month. Don't, however, expect the moon to look blue tonight! The term "Blue Moon" is thought to derive from common language expressions used hundreds of years ago. It is possible for the Moon to appear tinged by a blue hue, sometimes caused by fine dirt circulating in the Earth's atmosphere, possibly from a volcanic explosion. The above picture is of our Moon taken was taken in a dark blue morning sky. The bright crescent is the only part directly exposed to sunlight - the rest of the Moon glows from sunlight reflected from the Earth. In this dramatic photo, however, the planet Jupiter is also visible along with its four largest moons.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.270103
Retrieved Text: The image below shows what a normal meniscus looks like. Both meniscal cartilages look a bit like a crescent moon, The medial (inside) meniscus looks more like a half crescent, whilst the lateral (outside) meniscus looks more like a full crescent.
Different types of tears occur in a meniscus. The arrows demonstrate the tears.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.206097
Retrieved Text: The phase of the Moon is waning crescent today.
The phase of the Moon is waning crescent today. Today, we’ll see if Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow. What is the origin of Ground Hog Day?
The Moon is a waning crescent today.
The Moon is New at 21:04 U.T. today.
The phase of the Moon is waxing crescent today.
The Moon is a waxing crescent today.
The phase of the Moon is waxing gibbous today.
The Moon is a waxing gibbous today.
The Moon is Full at 15:53 U.T. today.
The phase of the Moon is waning gibbous today.
The Moon is a waning gibbous today.
The Moon is is at third quarter phase at 11:28 U.T. today.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.16899
Retrieved Text: Apogee (ap-uh-jee). This is the most distant point (ap-) on an elliptical orbit around Earth (-gee). The equivalent point for Earth’s orbit around the Sun is called aphelion (ap-he-lee-un or af-he-lee-un).
Blood Moon. This is a recently coined term for a full moon during a total lunar eclipse. When the Moon is inside Earth’s shadow, with the Sun completely blocked as seen everywhere on the lunar surface, the Sun’s rays bend as they go through Earth’s atmosphere. The atmosphere acts like a lens and bends the rays far enough that Earth’s sunrises and sunsets all illuminate the Moon. Each lunar eclipse is different. The color ranges from bright orange to brick to the complete disappearance of the Moon in the sky (temporarily).
Crescent. This is the phase of the Moon when the Earth-facing hemisphere is illuminated over less than 50 percent of its area. We view a crescent between new moon and first quarter (half moon) in the evening sky and between third quarter (also a half moon, facing the other direction) and new moon in the morning sky.
Dark Moon. This is a recently coined term for the new moon each month.
Dark side of the Moon. Dark Side of the Moon is not just an album by the English rock band Pink Floyd—it’s also an incorrect description used by some when referring to the hemisphere of the Moon invisible from Earth. “Far side of the Moon” or “lunar far side” are correct phrases to use. “Dark side of the Moon” could refer to the Moon’s night side, but

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.75937
Retrieved Text: One of my most popular piece of jewelry just got smaller!
The pendant has two sides, choose between the full moon/ crescent moon ,the witch/full moon or the witch/crescent moon.
The text says "We are the grand daughters of the witches you could´t burn"
Having a hard time deciding things?
Spin this turnable pendant and let the moon give you the answers you need.
The witch for YES, crescent moon for NO and if it stops at the middle it´s a maybe.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.45855
Retrieved Text: . The moon is earth’s only satellite.
. The mean distance between the earth and the moon is about 3,85,000 km.
. Moon has a diameter of about 3,480 ‘km and a mass 1 of about 81 that of the earth.
. The orbit of the moon is elliptical.
.The period of moon’s revolution of the sun is 29.53 days on an average, and is called synodic month.
. The moon’s period of rotation around its axis and revolution round the earth is same.
. Moon at all times keeps the same side towards the earth.
. The plane of the moon’s orbit is inclined at an angle of 5° 09′ to the plane of the ecliptic.
. When the sun and the moon lie on the same side of the earth, the moon is said to be in conjunction with the sun.
. When the sun anc:l. the moon are on opposite sides of the earth, they are sail.:! to be in opposition.
. The major cause of sea-tides is the gravitational pull of the moon. The sun, because of its greater distance from he earth, has a tide-producing power that is only five-elevenths the tide-producing power of the moon.
. When the moon is between the earth and the sun, the position is called the New Moon. On New Moon, the part of the moon facing the earth is in complete darkness. The moon takes different shapes on different days after the New Moon: waxing crescent (after 3 days), first quarter (7th day), waxing gibbuns (10th day), full moon (14th day), and waning gib bous

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.06538
Retrieved Text: The moon symbol necklace was created with moon phases in mind. Full moon, half moon and waning crescent moon shapes to form a symbol look. It is handcrafted out of sterling silver and oxidized for a more rustic finish.
Measurements are 1 inch long by .5 inch wide at the crescent moon point. Please choose chain length below.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.63726
Retrieved Text: A last quarter Crescent Moon photographed above Earth.
The streets were empty as I walked home tonight, and I don’t think I even saw any birds. It was cold, and the wind was blowing pretty hard. Hard enough to make my eyes tear….and it was dark….the only thing keeping back complete darkness were a couple of street lamps giving little puddles of light across the street. Not even the moon was out.
No matter where I looked, I couldn’t catch sight of anything in the sky at all. And then, right before I got home, I saw the moon. It had been hiding behind a group of trees. And it was one of the prettiest moons I’ve seen in the city – second only to a full moon. It was strangely large tonight and looked like a brilliant thin crescent sliver in the sky. Experts would call it a waxing crescent moon. And even though the rest of the moon was dark, you could still see the moon’s dark circular outline against the black night sky.
It looked mysterious and beautiful and inspiring. And it reminded me that even when there isn’t a full moon shining in full glory above you, the moon is always there watching….even if part of it is in blackness, it’s still there if you look hard enough….
I already saw it when I was walking back home and I look up at the sky and there it is. the beautiful crescent moon.
Previous story Gray Wolf may no longer be endangered?!
Gray Wolf may no longer be

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.543934
Retrieved Text: Eclipses usually come in pairs. In this eclipse sequence there are three of them, two solar and one lunar. This Full Moon in Aquarius is a total lunar eclipse and the second one in this sequence. Two weeks ago there was a partial solar eclipse in Cancer. Another partial solar eclipse will occur on Aug. 11, 2018, in Leo.
This spectacular lunar eclipse will be visible in many parts of the world, at least partially. This is the longest total lunar eclipse of the century, because the Moon is passing through the center of the Earth’s shadow, and also because the Moon is near its apogee (the point of greatest distance) and thus moves slowly. Totality lasts 1 hour and 43 minutes, and the total duration of the eclipse is 6 hours, 14 minutes. Central lunar eclipses are the darkest ones and they are relatively rare. The previous one occurred seven years ago. During the total phase, the Moon will look reddish. If the sky is clear, the total phase should be visible in its entirety in southern Finland, where I live.
What makes this eclipse astrologically really interesting is that the Moon will be in conjunction with retrograding Mars. At the moment we are in the middle of the retrograde period of Mars (from June 26 to Aug. 27), and Mars reaches its opposition to the Sun on the day of the lunar eclipse. Now Mars is closer to Earth and shines brighter than usually in the sky. Also Mercury turned retrograde the day before the eclipse.
Retrograding

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.5056
Retrieved Text: Follows the new moon and begins to show his sickle in the firmament.
In the crescent moon all the rituals are performed that imply the growth of something or in any case an increase.
It can be a love relationships that already started , an increase in money, a project already started that struggling to grow up and more,but one should not think of the crescent moon as a uniquely good phase, since it also affects the growth of hatred, enmity, diseases or problems.etc..
The maximum strength of this lunar quarter is called the gibbous moon and begins to be visible in the sky on the third day of the crescent moon.
From the period of gibbous moon onwards, up to the full moon works above all to complete a situation, projects, personal relationships and more.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.476963
Retrieved Text: The handcrafted moon phase necklace is a design replicating the lunar phases of the moon. I was inspired by the recent super moon and all the beautiful photos of the eclipse. The middle moons are deeply oxidized and slightly hammered from full moon to smooth at the last two crescent moons. Each moon shape is hand cut out of solid sterling silver.
The largest full moon is a little over 1/2 inch around, about the size of a penny. Hangs on antiqued silver ladder chain. The length of chain is measured from the first crescent moon and is adjustable from 15-18 inches at area closest to neckline. Overall chain length hangs at 30 inches.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.471146
Retrieved Text: A common misconception is that the moon is larger when it is near the horizon than when it is high overhead. However, this optical illusion is not true, for the apparent size of the moon is virtually the same when it is rising or setting near the horizon or when viewed overhead (in fact, it is very slightly smaller when viewed near the horizon due to refraction as well as the greater added distance in observing across the earth's radius). This illusion has been wrongly attributed to landmarks near the horizon, such as homes and trees, supposedly giving a sense of perspective and whereas the same perspective is lost when looking at the overhead moon bathed in an empty sky. As noted by Donald E. Simanek and Carl J. Wenning, the real reason behind this trick by our brain is the perception of the moon being against a "close" or "distant" foreground and which is lucidly described by the above two references.
In contrast, it is puzzling that when a physical change in the apparent size of the moon does occur, due to its elliptical orbit around our planet, the change in the apparent diameter which can be up to 14% between apogee and perigee, is not noticed at all. In fact, the change in the apparent diameter of the moon is a monthly phenomenon and is something that could be discerned quite easily during any given lunation by looking very carefully at the full moon and the waning crescent thirteen days later (or observing a waxing

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.45281
Retrieved Text: AND YOU MIGHT JUST SEE A REAL GHOST !
Highly suggest you visit this site for more lunar phase information, just click here on the moon.
Solunar influence will vary in intensity according to the position of the moon. The times of new moon (the dark of the moon), and there is no moon in the sky, is the time I believe of maximum Ghost sightings and haunted activity. Many will differ with this and state it is when the full moon is at it's peak. Here through my own research are factors that I use in the study of ghost and lunar cycles.
The phases of the moon are caused by the relative positions of the earth, sun, and moon. The moon goes around the earth, on average, in 27 days 7 hours 43 minutes.The sun always illuminates the half of the moon facing the sun (except during lunar eclipses, when the moon passes thru the earth's shadow). When the sun and moon are on opposite sides of the earth, the moon appears "full" to us, a bright, round disk. When the moon is between the earth and the sun, it appears dark, a "new" moon. In between, the moon's illuminated surface appears to grow (wax) to full, then decreases (wanes) to the next new moon.The edge of the shadow (the terminator) is always curved, being an oblique view of a circle, giving the moon its familiar crescent shape. Because the "horns" of the moon at the ends of the crescent are always facing away from the setting

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.06138
Retrieved Text: Crescent Moon Wall Decor Architecture | Leafjournals.com crescent moon wall decor. metal crescent moon wall decor.
Crescent Moon Wall Decor Gorgeous Goddess Hanging Etsy Regarding 17. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Fantasy Wayfair For 1. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Lovely Etsy In Addition To 2. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Stunning Amazon Com Sculpture Outdoor Home 7. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Warm Fringed Kidscycle Co With Regard To 9. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Aspiration Amaonm Hot Fashion Glow In The Dark Green Decals And Also 19. Crescent Moon Wall Decor The Most Wayfair In Addition To 0. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Lovely Planets Of Solar System Art Canvas Print Silver With Regard To 12. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Stunning Sculpture 12010 34 99 The Art Of With Regard To 18. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Awesome Sculpture Moons Pinterest Intended For 8. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Incredible Amazon Com Dream Catcher Garden Outdoor Intended For 10. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Dream First Class Metal Art Home Decorating Ideas Design Epic In Addition To 14. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Residence Astounding Art Etsy Decal Sricker Bedroom Sticker With Regard To 13. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Interesting Beaded Modern Abstract Pertaining To 16. Crescent Moon Wall Decor House Phases Hanging Brass Art Regarding 3. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Comfortable CRESCENT MOON Gypsy Fiber Art Macrame As Well 6. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Comfy Vibrant Ideas Art Vinyl Decal Stickers Uk Nursery Intended For 4. Crescent Moon Wall Decor Motivate Wayfair Regarding 11.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.97028
Retrieved Text: A more familiar approach to star-gazing for most will be from. but the exhibit as a whole delves into the moon’s historical influence on mankind through the ages via poetry, science, art, or.
Download this stock image: crescent star green islam moon religion muslim render crescent star green – J7CK83 from Alamy's library of millions of high.
The religion that uses a crescent moon and star symbol is Islam. The symbol is used widely on the flags of many Muslim countries, and it is also used on one of.
Aug 18, 2015. Stars are common symbols in religion, especially in Judaism and. which says, " Praise him, sun and moon, praise him, all you shining stars!".
Nov 25, 2014. Although Singapore has a crescent and stars on its flag, they do not have religious significance. The crescent moon “represents a young nation.
You might be able to see up to 10 "shooting stars" per. That Cold Moon will be so bright that it could outshine some of the meteors as they streak in, making them harder to spot. It’s no surprise.
Until a metal band makes good use of the phrase “Super Blood Wolf Moon,” astronomy, folklore and fiction will. phenomenon that has captured the attention of far more people than star-gazing.
It, like the others, is a relic from a mysterious ancient religion that continues. and raven, as well stars and other figures from the zodiac. Sol (god of the Sun) and Luna (goddess of the Moon).
The moon and star was on their banners and flags when they went into battle. that

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.842083
Retrieved Text: The Moon is the Earth's closest planet and it moves very quickly, spending approximately 2 days in each sign and therefore taking just 28 days to complete one cycle through the Zodiac. The Moon touches us most deeply. As the Moon rules the tides, it also rules our emotions - mood swings, instincts and how you feel about things are all governed by the sign in which the Moon falls in your Birth Chart - and is commonly known as your Emotional Sign. The Tarot card associated with the Moon is The High Priestess.
The Moon's glyph - the crescent - is regarded by many astrologers as the container of life. In essence, it represents the fertile womb offering itself up to be impregnated by the Sun's seed. This union of male and female principles is the key to all physical life.
In your Birth Chart the Moon represents your instincts and intuition and how you relate to women, for example the Moon falling in a man's 7th house can indicate more than one wife. The Moon is a feminine energy, working most powerfully from Cancer and the 4th House of Home Life and Parents.
The Sign in which the Moon resided at the time of your birth shows how you react instinctively; how you respond to your surroundings; the way you seek security and protection; your sense of family; how you nurture and look for emotional sustenance. It will also indicate elements of your personality you inherited from your parents. Inherited characteristics may be resisted but they are

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.76071
Retrieved Text: ©2004 by Fred Espenak. All rights reserved.
On the evening of 2004 October 27-28, a total eclipse of the Moon was visible from North and South America as well as Europe and Africa.From start to finish, the eclipse lasted over three and a half hours. The partial phase began as the Moon's eastern limb contacted the edge of Earth's dark umbral shadow.It took nearly 70 minutes for the Moon to move entirely within the umbra. The Moon took on a vivid reddish orange hue during the 81 minute long total phase. The unusual color was due to the feeble sunlight reaching the Moon which was filtered and bent by Earth's atmosphere.After totality ended, the partial phases repeated themselves in reverse order as the Moon slowly emerged from the shadow.
This eclipse diagram shows the geometry of the Moon's path through Earth's shadows as well as the times of each phase of the eclipse.For more details about the event, see the NASA web site Total Lunar Eclipse of 2004 Oct 27-28 . To learn more about how and why lunar eclipses occur, visit Lunar Eclipses For Beginners. For information on upcoming eclipses of the Moon, see Lunar Eclipse Preview: 2001-2020.
I was fortunate to see and photograph this stunning event from my home in Dunkirk, Maryland. In spite of a gloomy weather forecast, we enjoyed clear sky for most of the evening. For complete details, see my 2004 lunar eclipse report.The gallery below offers a selection of photos taken of this colorful event.
For more photos, please visit: Total Lunar Eclipse

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.758717
Retrieved Text: Purchase a whole set of the 8 MoonFlower Moon Combinations at a special price. Follow each lunar cycle with your essences and optimise your well-being and experiences.
10ml stock bottles of New Moon, Crescent Moon, Growth Moon, Bud Moon, Full Moon, Fruit Moon, Harvest Moon and Dark Moon essences in Miron Glass.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.750374
Retrieved Text: The geocentric conjunction (Geocentric New Moon) will occur Inshalla on (Saturday 05 October 2013) at 00:36 UTC.
Age of Moon: Waxing Crescent (Hilal) : ~ 0.53 days old.
Based on the Astronomical data report, the Sun sets at 5:48 Pm @ (264° 53.317` W), and 6:00 pm @ (259° 53.825` W) for the Moon which makes out only around 12 minuets before each set below the Horizon. It is therefore very difficult to sight the Crescent on this day not only in Oman but the whole middle east region.
And, based on the calculated crescent visibility, the start of this month in the Eastern Region will be on Sunday 06 October 2013 and in the Western Region will be on Sunday 06 October 2013. Hence the first day of Eid in both regions will be on Tuesday 15 October 2013. It has to be matched due to Hajj, And Allah Knows best.
The results will be posted later in the comments section below. Please visit later today for the final conclusion.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.446053
Retrieved Text: 1. A base date of August 11, 1999 is used, which was a New Moon.
The results is a phase indicator from 0 to 1.
If the indicator is close to 0 or 1, we have a New Moon.
If the indicator above 0 but below 0.5, it’s the Waxing Crescent Moon.
If the indicator is about or exactly 0.5, we have a Full Moon.
Finally, for an indicator from 0.5 to 1, it’s the Waning Crescent Moon.
The program presented on the source is written in C (C++?). Translating from C to calculator language took a little research (confession: I’m not a C expert).

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.347466
Retrieved Text: A total lunar eclipse will occur on January 20th and be visible from start to finish for observers located in North and South America. This eclipse might be a treat for folks with early bedtimes; western observers can even watch the whole event before midnight. Lunar eclipses takes several hours to complete and are at their most impressive during total eclipse, or totality, when the Moon is completely enveloped by the umbra, the darkest part of Earth’s shadow. During totality the color of the Moon can change to a bright orange or red thanks to the sunlight bending through the Earth’s atmosphere - the same reason we see pink sunsets. The eclipse begins at 10:34 pm Eastern Standard Time, with totality beginning at 11:41 pm. The total eclipse lasts for slightly over an hour, ending at 12:43 am. The eclipse finishes when the Moon fully emerges from Earth’s shadow by 1:51 am. Convert these times to your own time zone to plan your own eclipse watching; for example, observers under Pacific Standard Time will see the eclipse start at 7:34 pm and end by 10:51 pm.
Venus makes notable early morning appearances beside both Jupiter and the Moon later this month; make sure to get up about an hour before sunrise for the best views of these events. First, Venus and Jupiter approach each other during the third full week of January. Watch their conjunction on the 22nd, when the planets appear to pass just under 2 ½ degrees of each other. The next week, observe Venus

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.31633
Retrieved Text: www.loter.club is a place for people to come and share inspiring pictures, and many other types of photos. The user '' has submitted the Crescent Moon Gang Tattoos picture/image you're currently viewing. You have probably seen the Crescent Moon Gang Tattoos photo on any of your favorite social networking sites, such as Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr, Twitter, or even your personal website or blog. If you like the picture of Crescent Moon Gang Tattoos, and other photos & images on this website, please share it. We hope you enjoy this Crescent Moon Gang Tattoos Pinterest/Facebook/Tumblr image and we hope you share it with your friends. Incoming search terms: Pictures of Crescent Moon Gang Tattoos, Crescent Moon Gang Tattoos Pinterest Pictures, Crescent Moon Gang Tattoos Facebook Images, Crescent Moon Gang Tattoos Photos for Tumblr.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.199097
Retrieved Text: Not to get super sappy on you or anything, but I have always felt a mysterious connection to the moon. Mushiness and craziness aside, the moon has this mystical power over my being and emotions that has always intrigued me but that I have never been able to explain. If my husband had to describe me in only one word, he would more than likely say I am “lunatic”. The word may have references to madness and hysteria, but his meaning is simply that my emotions are erratic and often change with the moon. So, is he right, are my behavior and emotions ruled by the phases of the moon?
First off, there is no substantial evidence that the moon governs human behavior. Our physiology, however, is subject to seasonal, circadian and even lunar rhythms. There is a bit more data that covers the effects of seasonal and circadian rhythms, but not much is known about lunar rhythms. What has been concluded is that admittance to hospitals and emergency units, traffic accidents, crimes, and even suicides seem to be influenced by the lunar cycle. The lunar cycle seems to also influence the human reproduction (specifically fertility), menstruation and birth rate. I can attest to this notion because my son was born on a full moon. I was feeling rather anxious that night and had inkling that this may be the day, then in the middle of the night – pop – my water broke and there he was (ok maybe it did not go down that fast,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.980858
Retrieved Text: Our crescent moon jewellery symbolises female influence and empowerment. Explore unique crescent moon necklaces, intricate crescent moon bracelets and effortlessly wearable crescent moon earrings and rings by Muru Jewellery. Our meaningful collection of crescent moon jewellery is a great way to celebrate the most important women in our lives, and they make a truly special jewellery gift.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.928875
Retrieved Text: This is where I’ll be this evening…letting this beauty in.
Thanks for reminding us, Maria W!
February 26, 2009: Be careful, this sort of thing can cause an accident!
(1) Venus is at maximum brightness: magnitude -4.6. The planet is twenty times brighter than Sirius, the brightest star in the sky. It is so luminous that it can actually shine through thin clouds and cast subtle shadows on the ground.
(2) As seen from North America, the Moon-Venus separation is only a little more than 1o. Stick up your thumb and hold it out at arm’s length. Venus and the Moon will fit comfortably behind the thumb-tip. Tight conjunctions like this are the most beautiful of all.
(3) Not only is the Moon a crescent, but so is Venus. A small telescope pointed at the glittering planet will reveal a slender 20%-illuminated disk.
Add it all together and you’ve got a major distraction. Evening drivers should pull to the verge. Staring at Venus and the Moon could be riskier than texting!
Venus is a crescent because, like the Moon, it has phases. The planet can be be full, gibbous, new, or anything in between. The illuminated fraction we see on any given date depends on how much of Venus’ nightside is turned toward Earth.
The crescent phase of Venus occurs when Venus is close to Earth, very big and bright. The full phase of Venus, on the other hand, occurs when Venus is on the opposite side of the Sun, far away and relatively dim.
Crescent Venus is so bright, you can see it in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.925114
Retrieved Text: A rare celestial treat will colour the skies on Januay 31,2018, when a Blue Moon, a total lunar eclipse and a supermoon all rolled into one. NASA has even dubbed the event a "Super Blue Blood Moon," as it will occur near when the moon is at its closest point to Earth, a so-called "supermoon." There hasn’t been a triple lineup like this since 1982 and the next won’t occur until 2037.
The first event is a total lunar eclipse that happens on the morning of Jan. 31. This eclipse will be special! The moon will be both "super" and "blue," and if skies are clear, skywatchers in North America will be able to see all or part of the eclipse.
Blue Moon occur when two full moons happen in the same calendar month; blood moon occur when the moon passes into Earth's shadow; and supermoon happen when the moon's perigee — its closest approach to Earth in a single orbit — coincides with a full moon. In this case, the supermoon also happens to be the day of the lunar eclipse. According to Space.com, best place to see it will be in central and eastern Asia, Indonesia, New Zealand and Australia.
During a total lunar eclipse, though the Moon gets shadowed by the Earth, sunlight passing through the Earth’s atmosphere, break down in its constituent colours and the red part gets scattered by the atmosphere and falls on the Moon's surface, thereby making it take on a reddish copper hue. That’s why a totally eclipsed Moon is called

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.868557
Retrieved Text: Each item is unique because it is made after your order and so minor detail changes are expected compared to original producte image.
Beautiful light matt turquoise mug might be a perfect gift for lover of nature with magical night scenes covered with stars and lunar cycle.
The moon holds special meaning as a feminine symbol, as it embodies the natural cycle and rhythm of our days, since it controls the tides, the rains and the seasons.
The moon is also a symbol of immortality and eternity and is often referred to as the symbol of fertility and power, and many goddesses in Greek mythology used the moon to convey hidden powers, subtle influences, and secret wisdom.
NEW MOON: New moon is the sign that all has been cleared and it’s time for new beginnings. It’s good time for gathering new ideas and plans.
WAXING CRESCENT MOON: As the new moon gave us a chance to gather new ideas, the waxing crescent moon is giving a chance to develop and realize your ideas.
FIRST QUARTER MOON: The action is ready to be taken, we need to overcome the blockades and keep going.
WAXING GIBBOUS MOON: It’s time when we are closer to our goals to be fulfilled. Maybe our original idea is not possible to be realized but the others, ”smaller” are.
FULL MOON: It’s time to recive the gifts of past intentions and see the results. Remember, what we give out, we get back.
WANING GIBBOUS MOON: The waning period is all about looking internally and thinking about how you feel.
THIRD QUARTER MOON: It’s

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.687485
Retrieved Text: Usagi Tsukino is a little clumsy and a crybaby, but she's also one spirited eighth grader. One day she meets Luna, a black cat with a crescent moon mark on her forehead, and transforms into the pretty guardian of love and justice in a sailor suit, Sailor Moon! As a chosen guardian of justice Usagi apparently has a mission to protect a princess, and to find her fellow Guardians and the phantom Silver Crystal. Meanwhile, Queen Beryl of the Dark Kingdom sends her subordinates to the town where Usagi lives. They cause strange events to occur there, all in an effort to acquire the tremendously powerful Silver Crystal Can Sailor Moon and the other Guardians successfully find the phantom crystal, and protect the princess!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.62908
Retrieved Text: Shooting detailed photos of the moon in any phase or time of day is surprisingly easy and doesn’t require really expensive equipment. I use the $200 Sigma 70-300mm f/4-5.6 DG APO Macro Telephoto zoom lens on my Canon 60D. It’s a very sharp lens — especially in macro mode or when zoomed in to 200 or 300mm.
The moon is already on a schedule so it’s your job to plan accordingly. The time the day moon rises and sets and when it goes through a phase varies a lot from one month to the next. The best thing to do is check the current moon phase somewhere online or on an app. The app I use is Moon Phase Pro. That one gives the moonrise and moonset times for any date you enter at any location. I use it in the screenshots below. It’s only available for Android, but I’m sure there are many similar iOS apps out there.
First you should get familiar with the moon cycle.
When the moon is new there’s nothing to photograph. This is the time to take advantage of the darkness for star or meteor shower photos.
At 50% illumination the moon is called the first quarter moon. (BTW, It’s called a quarter because half of one half of the moon is illuminated. We aren’t seeing the dark side.) Between the new moon (0%) and the first quarter moon (50%) the moon is called a waxing crescent. Between the first quarter the full moon it’s called a waxing gibbous moon.
The full moon is just

================



======= Instance Index 377 =========
Input Text: If a road is bumpy and another road is smooth, the bumpier road

Which is the correct answer?
- will be lower than the smooth road
- will be longer than the smooth road
- will be rough on tires
- will have cars driving quickly

Target Text: will be rough on tires

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.31232
Retrieved Text: Your car’s suspension system keeps your tires on the road at all times, giving you better control of steering, braking and accelerating. Located between your vehicle’s wheels and frame, suspension, shocks and struts absorb energy from bumps on the road, and maximize contact between your tires and wheels.
Your wheels are the only part of your car touching the ground and therefore controls your car’s motion. Because your suspension system connects your wheels and tires to your car, it’s more than a comfort feature—it’s a critical safety feature. If your suspension is worn out, a bumpy ride is the least of your worries.
Your suspension system provides crucial comfort, safety and performance benefits. When it’s time to repair your car’s suspension system, Telle Tire & Auto Centers can help. For 75 years and four generations, the Telle family has understood the importance of providing strong value through quality products and services.
Our ASE-certified technicians provide trusted excellence built on generations of long-term relationships and proven excellence. We’ll warranty the labor and parts for 3 years or 30,000 miles. If you choose Monroe parts, we’ll even give you a lifetime warranty.
See what our past clients have to say, or come in and see for yourself. From basic maintenance to comprehensive diagnostics and full engine repair, Telle Tire & Auto Centers are your one-stop-shop with you every mile of the way.
A bumpy ride is the least of your worries.
A broken suspension system poses a serious safety risk. Don’t put off suspensions repairs.
The suspension affects how your car ”rides,” or how your

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.85667
Retrieved Text: Is your car or truck swerving more than normal when you change lanes? Have you noticed a bumpier ride than usual? The problem is likely your suspension system. Your vehicle's struts help keep your tires in contact with the road. Although struts usually have longer lifespans than shocks, they are subject to wear and tear over time, and most manufacturers recommend a professional inspection about once a year. If your vehicle's suspension system is in need of inspection or repair, the experts at Crete Service Center have got you covered.
Crete Service Center is the right choice for strut service in Crete, IL. We have the specialized skill and experience it takes to ensure a smooth ride, no matter what the road ahead might bring. And our team is committed to delivering the best customer service in town.
For strut service you can count on, trust Crete Service Center in Crete, IL. Call us today to schedule your appointment.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.16592
Retrieved Text: One of the most hardest job in the world is being a truck driver since driving a 12 wheeler will take more than physical strength. You will need a sound mind as you will have to drive on the road for more than 8 hours and that will take a toll on your body and mind as you drive across from one place to another. And not all the road that you will drive your truck has a smooth road. Some roads are rocky and is broken. In fact, some roads are built over mountains that will give you a bumpy ride. You will feel the effect on your back as drive a long time. Even if you are sitting, your body feels the intensity of driving.
Wait till all the cargoes are loaded at the back of your truck before driving the truck as fast as possible. You would need to get to your destination before the time expires. The road ahead won’t be easy as the path that you are heading are full of mountains. Try not to drop any of the cargo, but should you drop some cargoes along the way. Remember that you only need to deliver the required number of cargo to get pass a level.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.422417
Retrieved Text: When it comes to bringing quality in your life, Chrysler has never failed to do so. Not to mention that the company’s concern for safety has always kept it on the top of the market. Each and every year, the company passes another milestone as it reaches for comfort and performance. Every driver will eventually find out that the Chrysler Voyager tyres have been created with that same safety in mind, putting fuel performance and road adherence on the top. Voyager tyres are good for any kind of road no matter the season, the age or the condition of the car. In fact, a good pair of tyres can make any old car seem like it is brand new.
There is no doubt that the Voyager tyres can be a perfect addition to your car. Once you fit the right tyres, you will notice that you vehicle will have more stability on the road, no matter the condition. Regardless if the highway is dry, wet, smooth or bumpy, the Chrysler Voyager tyres can get you safely from point A to point B. Choose safety and quality as you browse through the database of eiretyres.com, an online shop that can provide you with top-notch tyres for any car.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.22995
Retrieved Text: ​Overlook Lake Powell from 1,000 feet above the water. This is a great trip to do when time is short.
Views are similar to those from Grand Bench, but this is a lot closer and easier.
​The lake was at 60% capacity when these photos were taken.
Leave Big Water on Smoky Mountain Road then take Croton Road to Alstrom Point Road.
Most of the road out to the point is smooth and sandy. Near the overlooks the road has bumpy ledges and minor washed out hills.
We were amazed at how many watercraft were on the lake, and we could only see a small part of it.
People that come with extra people pitch tents on shore for them to sleep in.
Wahweap Marina is visible from one side of the point.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.18716
Retrieved Text: CNG stands for compressed natural gas. It is gaseous fuel and is a mixture of hydrocarbons mainly Methane. For use in Automobiles as fuel, it is compressed to a pressure of 200-250 Kg/cm2 to enhance the vehicle on-board storage capacity.
it absorbs the shock from a speed bump or bumpy road and lets you enjoy smoother and more stable driving experience. An automobile with MIJO CUSHER has additional shock absorbing capability and can be driven more smoothly on a bumpy road or speed bump, which has a positive effect on the life span of the automobile's suspension as well.
MIJO CUSHER reduces vibration from the engine as well as the road, which allows much smoother and comfortable driving experience. Driving on an expressway in a high speed causes much vibration due to the road surface friction and a powerful engine output. MIJO CUSHER reduces this type of vibration as well as improves the automobile's suspension functionality, which elevates the air-resistance, such as station wind and horizontal wind, and enables stable and smooth driving.
reducing the shock and vibration on a rough off-road, which results in more comfortable ride and reduced fatigue, MIJO CUSHER makes much difference in your driving experience. It also improves the impact resilience of condensed coil spring; thus, you can expect to have easier steering wheel control as well as reduced vibration and shock. Plus, it allows you to have less fatigue during driving hours and has positive effects on the physical condition of your automobile.
it enables smooth steering and controlling of your automobile and provides

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.910736
Retrieved Text: Your car’s or truck’s suspension system is what ensures a safe and comfortable ride, even when the road ahead is rough. But just like any of your car’s critical operating systems, your suspension needs professional service in order to do its job. If you’re experiencing a bumpier ride than usual or your vehicle seems to be swerving more than normal when you change lanes, it’s time to have your suspension system inspected by a pro. In Provo, UT, call Mitchell Garage.
Thanks to the constant motion of your car or truck, your vehicle’s shocks, which provide measured resistance when your wheels bounce or your chassis turns, can wear out after several years of use. With shock service from Mitchell Garage, you’ll get back the smooth ride you’ve been missing.
For shock service you can trust, call the experts at Mitchell Garage now to book your appointment.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.862076
Retrieved Text: Your car's or truck's suspension system is what ensures a safe and comfortable ride, even when the road ahead is rough. But just like any of your car's critical operating systems, your suspension needs professional service in order to do its job. If you're experiencing a bumpier ride than usual or your vehicle seems to be swerving more than normal when you change lanes, it's time to have your suspension system inspected by a pro. In Austin, TX, call Kenny Hill Autoworks.
Thanks to the constant motion of your car or truck, your vehicle's shocks, which provide measured resistance when your wheels bounce or your chassis turns, can wear out after several years of use. With shock service from Kenny Hill Autoworks, you'll get back the smooth ride you've been missing.
For shock service you can trust, call the experts at Kenny Hill Autoworks now to book your appointment.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.838318
Retrieved Text: What Are The Roads Like in Guatemala?
The roads in Guatemala are in fairly good condition. Over the last few years the Guatemalan government has invested in road construction and infrastructure. Along well-traveled routes, like the highways that go to Lake Atitlán, Petén and Quetzaltenango, the roads are smooth and easy to travel along. The road to Monterrico along the Pacific Coast is good, although the last 12 miles (20 km) are somewhat bumpy.
The worst roads are usually in the more remote parts of a department. For example, the roads that go to Semuc Champey or Chichicastenango are fairly bumpy. Roads through small towns may be made of gravel or dirt.
Major highways and tourist destinations typically are well-signed. Outside of popular areas, however, there will be fewer signs and road markers.
Should I rent a car in Guatemala?
What Are the Driving Times Between destinations in Guatemala?
What are the baggage restrictions on domestic flights in Guatemala?
What Destinations Offer Domestic Flights in Guatemala?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.82488
Retrieved Text: After a bumpy 2008 Ski to Sea Race that saw the cancellation of the canoeing leg and the shortening of the kayaking leg because of weather-related unsafe conditions, the race committee hoped for a smoother race in 2009.
Mission accomplished - well, for the most part. The canoeing and kayaking legs returned to normal, but the leg wedged in between - the mountain biking leg - got significantly bumpier.
The leg was forced off a dyke along the Nooksack River it had used for part of its traditional route from Hovander Park outside Ferndale to Zuanich Park in Bellingham. The race committee initially toyed with switching the mountain biking and running legs to put the bikes on the mountain and get the runners off the infamous downhill that has made the leg the most notorious of the seven in Ski to Sea disciplines. But when those plans fell through, the mountain biking leg was completely retooled, adding five miles in length and numerous off-road obstacles, including more dirt, mud and jumps.
Rider response, according to the race committee, was almost unanimously positive, and there are no major changes planned for the 2010 mountain biking leg.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.598076
Retrieved Text: Your car's or truck's suspension system is what ensures a safe and comfortable ride, even when the road ahead is rough. But just like any of your car's critical operating systems, your suspension needs professional service in order to do its job. If you're experiencing a bumpier ride than usual or your vehicle seems to be swerving more than normal when you change lanes, it's time to have your suspension system inspected by a pro. In Knoxville, TN, call Transmission Corporation Of America.
Thanks to the constant motion of your car or truck, your vehicle's shocks, which provide measured resistance when your wheels bounce or your chassis turns, can wear out after several years of use. With shock service from Transmission Corporation Of America, you'll get back the smooth ride you've been missing.
For shock service you can trust, call the experts at Transmission Corporation Of America now to book your appointment.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.50726
Retrieved Text: CenterStage Geelong is presenting Broadway classic Oklahoma! at GPAC’s Playhouse Theatre from April 7-9. The high-spirited rivalry between farmers and cowboys provides the colourful background against which Curly, a handsome cowboy, and Laurey, a winsome farm girl, play out their love story.
Although the road to true love never runs smooth, with these two headstrong romantics holding the reins, love’s journey is as bumpy as a cart ride down a country road. For more information and tickets, head to gpac.org.au.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.40534
Retrieved Text: To my Aunt Candy.. It's been bumpy ride, but you made it down the road. The bumps may not have been so fun, but the smooth ride between those bumps were the best of our lives... Though the road has ended for you, the highway is now yours to conquer... I Love You... And know you are with us always..
Senior 1977, Southside High, Elmira N.Y.
Cindy and Candy, Best friends 8 or 9years old.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.38918
Retrieved Text: In this particular video we leave Slab City and head east to go to one of the Bob Well Caravans but plans change.... This is Pandamonium small RV Living with updates, upgrades, travels and the lifestyle of living in a Motorhome in different places.... off grid with solar power, composting toilet & rain water collection. This is my pandemonium tour across America in my 22' RV I call Panda with 1090 watts of Solar Power. So join me if your open to fun, excitement, traveling, hiking, day to day life & exploring on the road during my trip through the many states and cities .....wish me luck and good fortune on this life long adventure. Maybe I'll see ya on the road somewhere. Good or bad, smooth or bumpy it's time to hit the road..... "Onward Bound!" Wishing everyone Happy Trails and glad to have you along with me on this journey called life. Just a quick ending note I am a transgender and part of the LGBT community.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.347748
Retrieved Text: 25.0mm seatposts – a whole host of both sturdy mountain bike and also super stylish road seat posts all which share a 25.0mm diameter. These seatpost ranges are available in a wide variety of stunning colours and different types from all the leading cycle part manufacturers, from lightweight alloy and sturdy steel to modern carbon fibre. These MTB and road seat posts are aimed at both serious and the infrequent cyclists and mountain bikers too, and so will suit anyone who either takes part in competitive races or those who just commute to work – ideal for different types of terrain from smooth road to bumpy off road – assuming of course that you have a bike frame with a seat tube which measures 25.0mm at it’s widest (internally within the vertical seat tube). To calculate if this is the right fit for your mtb or road bike then just measure the widest width of your seat tube – this is the central metal tube that the seatpost is inserted into – alternatively simply measure the width or look for engravings on the old post that this one will be replacing). Look below and you’ll find our product ranges for 25.0mm seat posts for all types of bike rider.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.10777
Retrieved Text: Suspension systems should continue to operate effectively for many years and over long distances, holding your tires’ footprint on the road. Eventually, components do wear out, but how long that takes depends a lot on how you drive in GA.
As you can imagine, if most of your driving is on smooth Tifton, GA, highways, your shock absorbers will last a lot longer than if you do most of your driving on bumpy Tifton roads or hauling heavy loads. In addition to just wearing out, suspension components can be damaged in an accident or by a hard impact – like hitting a pothole, a curb or a rock in the road.
Because the life span of shocks can vary so widely, your vehicle manufacturer recommends periodic inspections. During an inspection, your Grimes Auto Service service technician will check for worn, broken or missing suspension parts.
If you have special road handling needs like improved cornering or towing or hauling requirements, your Grimes Auto Service service advisor can recommend an upgraded shock or strut to get you what you want.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.084087
Retrieved Text: Unique controls; shift the world to move the vehicle.
Breadcrumb story; keeps you coming back for more.
Alternate 'Sunday Drive' mode; mixes things up with a short timed game.
Gorgeous aesthetics; carefully chosen sound-effects really add to the experience.
Challenging to master; sensitive controls make minor adjustments difficult without practice.
While some developers explore how to bring a console experience to the App Store, Bumpy Road by Simogo explores the short arcade-like experience to make something engaging and engrossing.
Developer Simogo is no stranger to creating addictive high-score titles, having already captured people's attention with the charming Kosmo Spin and their latest release Bumpy Road shows no signs of letting up on this trend. A unique control system isn't the only thing that makes this game worth picking up as players are treated to a rich world of sights and sounds with story breadcrumbs to keep you coming back for more.
At its core, Bumpy Road is another endless platformer, but players control the world itself instead of the vehicle and its passengers. Touching the screen will push up the blocks, allowing you to push the little car around as though surfing on a wave. It's not an easy mechanic to master, but there-in lies part of the fun as you attempt to push and punt the car around the screen, jumping rivers; flipping switches; and avoiding traps in order to survive. Various 'gizmos' also need to be collected in order to fuel the vehicle under your care, with a bonus mode being activated if you manage to fill up the tank in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.011955
Retrieved Text: LANESBOROUGH – The Route 7-Route 8 connector road was open for the first time in six months on Wednesday, and minus some serious bumps, things were back to normal as a steady stream of vehicles traveled up and down the newly reconstructed road.
“It’s really nice,” said Ken Wirtes, owner of Bradley Farm on Route 7.
Wirtes participates in the Berkshire Farmers Market in the Sears parking lot of the Berkshire Mall and he was pleased to be able to get back on the road, which will reach Route 8 soon.
“Hopefully it’s going to back to the market and the shops,” he said, noting that the previous detours caused confusion among some drivers.
The once notoriously bumpy road is now a smooth ride, with new pavement ending at the Mall Ring Road. And as workers put the finishing touches on a flower bed near the road’s entrance, cars turned off and on the road.
The opening of the road was the second phase of a four-part $6.3 million project to completely refurbish the road between Route 7 and Route 8.
The first and second phases were completed two months ahead of schedule, while the remaining work will resume in the spring. The entire project is expected to be completed by August 2011.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.94976
Retrieved Text: Last week I was getting familiar with an Ohm Electric Sport Bicycle. As Ted mentioned over at CommuteByBike.com a part of bike commuting often involves finding efficient short cuts. While a light weight/skinny tire commuter bike may be more efficient on smooth roads, in many areas a more off-road capable commuter will end up getting you around quicker.A shortcut from my house saves me about a quarter of a mile in looping back on the main road. The path is quite rough for about 100 yards and is a great test for the variety of commuter and electric bikes I’ve been testing.Needless to say, the Ohm Sport XS750 does great off-road with it 26″ wheels, 26″x2″ Schwalbe Marathon Plus tires and comfortable upright handlebar positioning. The Magura Menja MM85XC Fork and Suntour Suspension Seatpost make it a smooth ride down the bumpy trail.Once on the open road, the Ohm gets me into work quickly with the integrated BionX Electric Assist powering me along. I like the idea of a more rugged commuter bike that offers added confidence and control on-road and off with an electric assist system more than making up for the extra weight and slower tires.Look for our complete review of the Ohm over at CommuteByBike.com in the coming months.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.93831
Retrieved Text: Living with mental health issues is hard. Bumpy Road sets out to explore whether Christian spiritual practices can help. Our pilot course has just finished, and a revised course will run again soon.
Because Bumpy Road is grounded in Christian spirituality we can’t do an honest job without helping you explore how the big story of faith in God might affect you. We will support you in trying out spiritual practices like prayer, centring, and meditation from the present and history of Christian practice. We are not trying to persuade you to believe anything If you find a practice helpful we don’t mind at all if you borrow it without buying the ‘whole package’ so to speak. God is plenty big enough to cope with that.
Bumpy Road is about being well with God, whatever life and mental health are doing to you at the time. We know that lots of people with mental health issues have felt they have failed in the eyes of the church, or that their difficulties exclude them. That’s a tragedy given what the Gospel actually has to say about who God is.
Sandy said "One could share as little or as much as one wanted in this safe group. As someone who has had enduring mental health problems, I have always struggled with feeling ‘an outsider’, ‘different’ , ‘not a good enough Christian’ and ‘unworthy’. However this course showed me that, even if others judge me, God does not. He accepts and loves me as I am. That was a complete revelation to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.571182
Retrieved Text: A very wise friend once told me that children can put up with a huge amount of suffering as long as they are loved.
I get all kinds of things wrong, as lots of parents do; I shrink favourite T shirts, I inflict all kinds of vegetables which have to be eaten, I damage a lot of the most important Lego models, I use affectionate names in front of his school friends (yes, I can hear you cringing even now), and I’ve even given away toys that I thought had been finished with, only later to discover that they were still wanted. Amazingly, for most of it my son has been extraordinarily forgiving; he indulges me with much needed cuddles, laughs at most of my jokes and seems to have decided that, in an imperfect world, I am worthy of huge amounts of love.
But there are times I really feel my own inadequacies – like the time that we were skiing in France some years ago. I, poor little innocent that I am, having never been on a mountain before, had no concept of the fact that you can still get sunburnt on a cloudy day if you are high enough up a mountain. Yes, you’ve guessed it, my poor tolerant son ended up with two neat, but very nasty sunburnt triangles between where his goggles sat and where his coat started. Once the full horror had become apparent the following morning, I exposed my guilt before the world by taking him, and his visibly burnt face,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.511
Retrieved Text: Mountain bikes have wide, flat handlebars, thick tyres, powerful brakes and suspension on the front, back or both tyres. These bikes are designed for steep climbs, downhill descents and bumpy tracks.
These bikes have thin tyres, a skinny lightweight frame and drop handlebars. These bikes are ideally suited to racing and riding on smooth surfaces. Due to the tyres being thin these bikes wouldn’t be comfortable for bumpy pavement.
These bikes have thick frame and tyres in order to carry the weight from their pannier racks. This makes it easier to take things with you and can be handy on long distance journeys and also have mudguards so are perfect for all seasons cycling.
If you’re going to be travelling on a mixture of bike routes or competing in a triathlon or cyclo cross tournament.
These bikes have a larger frame than road race bikes and can accommodate a wider tyre, which can be useful depending on what you’re using it for. The bike frame is light so that you can pick it up to run with when you’re competing.
As the name suggests, these bikes are a combination of both road bikes and mountain bikes meaning that they can handle uneven roads and potholes better than road bikes.
Adventure Bikes are a combination of cyclo-cross bike, sportive bikes and touring bikes. They can accommodate big tyres but have similar handlebars to a road bike. They can be used on the road or on certain dirt tracks and trails.
Folding bikes tend to have smaller wheels and a smaller frame but can fold

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.180595
Retrieved Text: If clay is sticking to the carving tool, the clay is too wet to carve well.
If you want to smooth a bumpy surface, carve away the high points first by carving them lengthwise. If you drag your cutting tool over the bumpy surface, it will be like driving down a bumpy dirt road: your tool will get bounced up and down and not really smooth the surface out.
Use a Surform plane to remove large amounts of material. If you use a plane to carve/smooth your piece, realize it only cuts in one direction, either pushing or pulling depending upon how you hold it.
Use a loop or ribbon tool to refine the surface. Scrape along the surface at a shallow angle to smooth. Use care when cutting at a steeper angle, as these tools can really dig in.
Always cut toward yourself when using loop/ribbon tools.
Always have a hand inside the piece supporting the wall from behind as you carve.
Hold the piece in a comfortable position as you work - on your leg or in your lap for example.
After you have refined your surface as much as possible with planes and loop tools (if needed), you are ready to smooth.
First, scrape the surface with a scraper (a thin flexible metal rib) held at a 90° angle to the surface.
Next, lightly dampen the surface with a sponge and then smooth with a metal rib held at a low angle to the surface - this spreads fine clay particles into any gaps.
Do not rub your piece with a wet sponge

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.178444
Retrieved Text: So how do you know? How, do you know. Those thoughts that come and go. There is inspiration and intention always floating about. Theres also aspiration and irrationality digging in. Good ideas, how do you know? Bad Ideas, always you will find them somewhere.
Who says? You do. It comes from within a moments notice and then from out of the blue, you know. Right as it is, it is. Cant get over that, can you?
What goes? Round the corner, through the mind, into thinking. Who goes where and for how long? When will we get there? Who knows, and how do you know?
Reality points us down a path, is it well taken? Why do we care if it is. Do signs really make us feel better about going down that road?. Its still a road. How do we get there, from here? In fact where are you going? We go down the road. Bumpy or not, hole riddled or smooth we have to take it, our life depends on it. Who knows, we do.
Gotta go, oh and where are you going? Who knows. Who says you have to go? Cant you stay? No cant stay, movement is essential to knowing, what we know and how we know. Really, are sure? Sure why not. Are we sure of anything? Of course we are not.
Thats why we have to go down the road. Not that road but the road. Just do it and then when we meet again at the stop sign you can tell me how it

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.146282
Retrieved Text: I rode again this afternoon and evening on the bike path that runs down from Hampton Road to South Terrace, and was reminded of the poorly-laid new surface that has been installed on the lower part of it. It’s rough and bumpy and looks like an amature job. Why does this happen to such a important bike route?! It’s not like whoever builds these things doesn’t know how to make beautifully smooth and well-curved paths — they managed to do it over at the northern end of the South Beach car park with that new S-curve bit, which was done at about the same time (although I’m not sure why it had to be an S-curve).
But it’s not like this bit of crap path really matters. And there’s probably some advantage in having the bottom of that nice hill a bit bumpy, so that over-enthusiastic cyclists (or just well-greased-bearing bearers) don’t feel like swooshing on into the pedestrian crossroads at the end, or onto the road.
What is most annoying is that such shoddy work would never be accepted on a motor-vehicle road!! Why must bicycle traffic be always considered second-class?! Why not build a network of bike paths with a view to people actually using them to get around (and not just for Saturday-morning pootling down to a cafe?). Why not take this stuff seriously?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.1425
Retrieved Text: Fanatastic road that is a joy to ride on any bike. This road has everything: hairpins, sweepers, straights, coutryside, cafes and great views. Its a bit bumpy in places but if you keep an eye out for the cracks in the road these can be easily spotted.
I discovered this road this summer nearly by accident. We were attempting to keep some altitude and stay out of the heat of the upper San Joaquin Valley and spotted this obscure road on Google maps. What a pleasant surprise! This might better be described as one of Americans \"lost highway\" but it's not really a highway. Leaving Macleod you are treated to some distant views of Mt Shasta. Most of this road traverses US Forest land with some open grazing so be on the look out for cows on or just off the road in some areas. Continuing on you are soon in the pines and the temp drops nicely until it connects to Hwy 89. Maybe the best part is if you see another car/truck or motorcyclist that will be one more than we saw. A real treat of a road in the heat of summer and it's all yours.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.961136
Retrieved Text: Broadway By the Bay Oklahoma!
Rodgers & Hammerstein’s first collaboration. Set in a Western Indian territory just after the turn of the century, the high-spirited rivalry between the local farmers and cowboys provides the colorful background against which Curly, a handsome cowboy, and Laurey, a winsome farm girl, play out their love story. Although the road to true love never runs smooth, with these two headstrong romantics holding the reins, love’s journey is as bumpy as a surrey ride down a country road. That they will succeed in making a new life together we have no doubt, and that this new life will begin in a brand-new state provides the ultimate climax to the triumphant show.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.910374
Retrieved Text: The 2019 Jeep Wrangler is more capable off road and more refined on road. Although the basic formula hasn’t changed, Jeep has refined the Wrangler.
Starting from an average score of 5, the Wrangler earns points for its exceptional ability off road, but takes one back for its choppy ride. Two-door versions, which have a shorter wheelbase and still-bumpier ride, are a shade better than shopping carts.
Most Wranglers will leave the factory with a corporate 3.6-liter V-6 and 8-speed automatic transmission. The 285-horsepower V-6 is enough to power the Jeep Wrangler around town, but lacks some of the low-end grunt we’d like to see during rock-crawling adventures. Sticking with the standard 6-speed manual only exacerbates that condition; it’s not our pick for most off-roaders.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.601532
Retrieved Text: English Communication Skills: 057. The road quickly deteriorated into a bumpy path.
057. The road quickly deteriorated into a bumpy path.
1. The road quickly deteriorated into a bumpy path.
2. Violence is a detestable means.
3. We had to make a detour because the main road was jammed.
4. The famous artist still has his detractors.
5. Smoking is detrimental to health.
6. A devastating war has impoverished Vietnam.
7. No deviation from traditional methods was permitted in preparation for the banquet.
8. He was suspected to have become rich by devious ways.
9. The social worker was devoid of any personal desire for gain.
10. The hungry man was devouring his food.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.54976
Retrieved Text: Hidden beach on Kauai's south shore but the road to get here is really rough.
Gillin's Beach is very difficult to get to by car due to the quality of the dirt road that leads here. The road is incredibly bumpy and filled with huge holes. You'll be moving along at a crawl at best and we don't suggest doing it in a rental car or anything less than a 4x4. It's that bad.
If you have the means to get here, you'll need to take Poipu Road and head east past the Grand Hyatt Kauai Resort and Spa. Keep driving and the road will turn to dirt and you'll be thinking "Eh, this isn't so bad." Keep driving, you'll see. After 1.5 miles you'll come to a 4 way intersection and you'll need to turn right here.
Go down another 3/4 of a mile, stay to the ride when the road forks. The road will turn left but you can park right there and walk the short path to the beach.
The beach here is really nice but also rocky and reefy. Head east (to your left when facing the ocean) and you'll walk to Kawailoa Bay. If you head west (right if facing the ocean) you'll walk towards a small stream and should see a path before the stream that leads to a small cave (west) that you might be able to check out up close.

================



======= Instance Index 307 =========
Input Text: A guy wants to make dinner for his family, so he puts a pan on the stove, adds some meat, and turns on the stove so that heat is being added to the pan. As the meat is warmed through, beginning to sizzle, it is

Which is the correct answer?
- being juiced
- being seared
- being frozen
- being smoked

Target Text: being seared

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.253952
Retrieved Text: Affordable, fast, and easy to make—if those are qualities someone is looking for in a dish, then Jose Lucio’s recipe for fideo is the right one.
Jose Lucio, nighttime supervisor of the Blume Academic Library at St. Mary’s, was born in San Antonio and has had his three children attend the university.
Lucio likes the fact that St. Mary’s is a small university, believing that the smaller class sizes are much better for students, helps students’ behavior and allows less commotion than there may be at larger schools.
Lucio’s favorite foods are fish and Mexican, so he enjoys cooking different kinds of meat.
Often, he adds in spices and decides it is right by how it looks, so he found it interesting to give the spices actual measurements for this recipe.
He chose to cook fideo for its affordability, ease of preparation and taste.
It is also something that his family has eaten for dinner just about every day for years.
“We all make it a little bit different, just cook slow, don’t rush, and remember to use a low flame,” Lucio advises.
The first thing to do to make fideo is to place a pan on a stove and pour in half a box of Vermicelli, then turn on the fire to a low setting. Using a spoon, continually stir the Vermicelli around the pan until you notice some of them turning brown. At that point, pour in a cup of water, keeping in mind the steam from it will be hot. You no longer need to stir it, just add in half

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.89353
Retrieved Text: When I was in my 20's, St. Patrick's Day was all about day drinking. I went to graduate school in Savannah, GA, which has one of (if not THE) biggest St. Patty's Day parades and festivals, and we'd start at 7am and go until well after dark. I can't hang like I used to, so St. Patrick's Day has morphed into maybe (mayyybeeee) going to the Dallas parade where one or two drinks is consumed, making this roasted corned beef and cabbage recipe, and calling it a day. Oh, adulthood.
Here's the thing about corned beef and cabbage: It CAN be really, really good. But if you take the raw meat and put it right in some boiling water (the traditional way to make it) it's gross. When I told my husband I was going to make corned beef and cabbage, he wrinkled his nose and said, "Um, I'm not a cabbage guy", indicating he was not going to eat it. After I browned it, roasted it with some veggies for two hours, and then boiled it with the cabbage, he literally ate three bowls of it for supper.
This method of roasting your corned beef and cabbage really brings out the flavor! And the meat gets fall-apart tender. Make it this year as you celebrate the luck of the Irish!
In an oven safe dutch oven (I use and LOVE this one - this is my most used pan in the house!), brown the brisket in the olive oil on high heat. Depending on how your meat is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.62962
Retrieved Text: My son, Chris, has been away at school for about a month and a half. As proud as I am of him and excited for all his new learning and adventures, I miss him terribly. He is coming home for a quick visit next week and I can’t wait to see him!
When he’s home, I plan to make a few of his favorite meals. This is one of my favorites too. Not only is it a healthy and delicious dinner, but you can make this entire stove-top meal in under 30 minutes, with very little clean up. This Oriental Pasta is the perfect quick and easy weeknight meal that will become a family favorite!
The ingredients are super simple and are items that you may already have on hand. All you need is 1 lb. ground turkey or ground beef, rotini pasta, tomato sauce, a can of mushrooms, soy sauce, ginger, a small onion (or 1/2 large), a pepper, pea pods, and some grape tomatoes.
Begin by preparing water to boil pasta according to directions.
Add one 4-ounce can of mushrooms and one 8-ounce can of tomato sauce. Reduce heat and simmer on low for 5 minutes, stirring. Add cooked pasta to meat mixture and combine.
Toss in one large green pepper, sliced into strips, along with fresh pea pods and grape tomatoes (whole or halved). Cook until heated through.
The combination of textures and flavors is amazing!
Serve this Oriental Pasta warm with fresh Parmesan cheese and enjoy the crunch of the fresh veggies with the flavorful sauce!
All of this flavor

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.354313
Retrieved Text: Chef Harper McClure of Brabo in Alexandria, Virginia wants you to eat goose this Christmas for two reasons: “One, it’s classic—it’s the traditional Christmas bird,” he says. “And two, it’s really tasty. It has such a rich, deep, gamey, earthy flavor.” Here, McClure shares his top nine tips for cooking a show-stopping Christmas goose.
2. Start in the morning. McClure likes to marinate the bird for six to eight hours before cooking. He also rubs his goose with warming spices like star anise, long pepper and cinnamon, which bring out the delicious gamey flavor.
4. Divide and conquer. “The breasts should be served medium-rare,” McClure says. “So it doesn’t make sense to roast the whole bird, because by the time the legs are done the breasts are shot.” McClure recommends cooking the breasts like you would duck breasts in a cast-iron pan on the stove. The legs are best braised, confited or slow-roasted.
5. Remember to render. McClure renders the goose breast for 25 minutes on the skin side, then flips it and bastes it in fat so that the skin because crackly and golden brown.
6. Serve with Syrah. McClure’s pick for the perfect goose wine is a Santa Rita Hills Syrah. The spicy black pepper notes are terrific with the rich meat.
7. Keep the fat. Goose fat is a wonderful thing. You can use it in place of butter to enrich any dish. It also has a high smoke point, making it great for deep-frying.
8. Don’t leave out the livers. At Brabo, McClure will get enough livers from

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.948338
Retrieved Text: May 4 Can We Please Make Our Own Char Siu?
This is what Ben asked me, all wide-eyed and in a devilishly innocent how could you possibly refuse me? tone last Monday. Char Siu is one of Ben's most beloved dishes. It reminds him of family meals and late-night snacks with his bff, Brandon. The epitome of comfort food, you could say. How could I refuse? "Of course we can, gorgeous", I assured him.
After some googling and tweeting for advice, I stumbled upon this recipe (link here). The sauce sounded great, and I had most of the ingredients on hand, all I needed was to duck out to the shops for some Hoisin Sauce and the pork.
Many recipes use pork belly, but we were after a lean cut of meat, and so we opted for pork eye fillet, which we marinated for 8 hours.
The cut worked perfectly, it was incredibly succulent and adopted a beautiful, plum coating. In our oven, the pork took 45 minutes to cook (turning the fillets halfway through and brushing with honey, as is instructed in the method). I reserved the marinade and whilst the meat was resting, added it to the roasting pan and reduced the sauce down on the stove.
We served our char siu with stirfried bok choy and steamed rice, over which we poured the reduced pan sauce. It was de-li-cious!
Ben and I were in a state of pure happiness over dinner. The flavour balance was perfect, it was just what he and I had wanted. We we felt all

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.81847
Retrieved Text: Chazz Palminteri likes it when men admire his work. He knows the ladies will come around to see his statuesque physique, dark features and cupid’s pout. So it’s a special compliment to him if a guy says, “Yeah, Chazz, that good looking Italian actor…he was awesome in Usual Suspects.” Chazz is the kind of guy that men like to share a story with. A Bronx Tale and his one-man show reliving that movie is a shared experience with a literal walk down memory lane.
As the story unfolds from his youth, the scene that should resonate with most Italians is his talk about his mother calling him for dinner. He remembers hanging on the front stoop, in the Bronx, smelling the wonderful aroma of his mom’s sauce as he runs down the hall to get to dinner. What comes next, puts me right at home as a kid, when his mom asks him if he wants to taste the sauce with some bread. For my family, a “soogie” sandwich was a special treat from grandma when she was certain her amazing Neapolitan sauce was ready. Bread dipped in sauce could be the ultimate best comfort food in Italian history.
Thank you Chazz for sharing your memories that took me to a time with fond memories of my youth. Also, thank you for sharing your photographs of your beautiful family with me. If you missed his tour with Broadway Across America, at least rent the movie.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.502403
Retrieved Text: This flavorful meat makes a delicious filling for tacos, burritos, and enchiladas.
Cut off as much fat as possible from surface of meat. In 5-6 quart Dutch oven or pan, add water and meat, cover and cook over medium heat for 30 minutes. Uncover and cook until liquid boils away and meat is browned; turning it to brown on all sides. Lift out meat and set aside. Sprinkle taco seasoning in pan and cook 1 minute. Add red wine vinegar and deglaze pan, scraping to loosen any browned bits. Stir in beef broth, whisk out the lumps. (It's okay if a few lumps remain--they will dissolve as the cooking continues.)*** Return meat to pan, bring to boil, cover and simmer over low heat until meat is very tender and easily pulled apart; approx. 2 to 3 hours. Let meat cool enough to tear into shreds using 2 forks. Remove fat from pan juices, if desired. Return meat to pan with juices and cook uncovered until liquid is gone, but meat is still moist.
***SLOW COOKER OPTION: At this point in recipe, you can move the meat and liquid to a slower cooker and finish cooking it on low for 6-8 hours.
Use as filling for soft or crispy tacos, enchiladas, & burritos along with your favorite toppings. Also good on nachos and salads. Freezes and reheats well.
This recipe falls into the category of comfort food for me. I'm originally a New Mexican girl, and I love anything I can put in a tortilla. Although Ropa Vieja shredded beef was

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.42007
Retrieved Text: A quick and easy meal, this maple mustard pork tenderloin features a delicious glaze and is cooked paired with roasted shallots.
I am a big fan of pork tenderloin, not only because it is lean and tender, but because it almost always equates to a quick and easy dinner! This Maple Mustard Pork Tenderloin is no exception.
The pork is quickly seared on the stove-top, then topped with the maple/mustard sauce, surrounded by the shallots then popped in to a hot oven to roast for 15-20 minutes. While it’s in the oven, you have lots of time to have a glass of wine AND quickly saute some greens to complete the dish.
Too hot to turn on the oven? You can cook this dish in a cast-iron skillet on your BBQ! Just keep the BBQ lid open to sear, then close it to finish cooking.
A quick, easy and delicious meal, ready in about 30 minutes! As the wine flavour is quite dominant, this dish may not be all that appealing to small children. A great dinner for 2, though (makes 2-3 servings. Double as needed).
Remove the silverskin and any visible fat from the pork tenderloin and pat dry. Season with some salt and pepper.
In an oven-safe skillet on the stove-top, heat 1 Tbsp. olive oil over medium high heat. Add pork and cook for several minutes on each side until lightly golden. Pour sauce over top and add prepared shallots to both sides of the pork.
Place in the pre-heated oven and cook until pork registers about 150° on a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.25979
Retrieved Text: These Creamy Chicken Sheet Pan Nachos were born out of a night of desperation. I generally stick to trying new recipes or old favorites while my husband is in town and not traveling, but when he goes out of town we resort to breakfast for dinner, tacos, spaghetti, and Trader Joes freezer aisle foods. I have one child that will eat anything you put in front of him and one child who thinks chicken nuggets shaped like dinosaurs are a legitimate food group. So I make it easy on myself while single parenting and make foods I know they will love.
On one such night I didn’t want to make taco meat, or even get near the stove and pulled out a rotisserie chicken and decided to make nachos. Who doesn’t like those? To dress up the meat and more importantly make it so it didn’t get too dry in the oven I tossed the chicken with sour cream and traditional taco spices. Then topped some chips with it. The end result was surprisingly so delicious. And I didn’t even touch my stove top. They were such a hit we made them again when Daddy got back into town. And they have been requested multiple times since. It’s a fun meal where we all just use our hands and grab what we want from the pan, sometimes if we feel fancy we’ll even pull out a plate to put our food on.
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees with your oven rack on the bottom third of the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.76641
Retrieved Text: Creative thief stole $170 worth of steak from Walmart before making a run for it on a scooter with ten packs of ribeyes stuffed in his pants.
Some Nashville guy decided to try to save a few bucks on his next barbecue and was arrested for stealing close to $200 worth of steaks from Walmart. But you know us by now: we like weird stories of dumb criminals, so that can't be a normal story and you're right, it isn't. Our hungry criminal tried to escape on a scooter and his loot wasn't hidden in the storage case.
Superstore chain Walmart sees its share of weird individuals and quirky criminals. No matter how low the prices are, there will always be someone to think it's still too damn high. It's no big surprise then that the Nashville, Tennessee, store had to report a man on a blue and white moped for some stolen goods. The man identified as Keith Jordan had stolen steaks and had hit the road without paying his due.
It didn't take long for captain Carlos Ricks to spot the culprit on his not-so-subtle scooter. After signaling Jordan to pull over, the latter decided to go about his business and make the officer work got it, riding for another quarter of a mile before finally pulling over.
Once he stopped, Jordan admitted to having stolen the rib eye steaks which he then pulled out of his pants. To give the guy some credit, Mongolians used to sit on their cuts of meat while riding their horses to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.711033
Retrieved Text: Sheet Pan Steak Fajitas is a fun and easy dinner ready in less than an hour. Everything is cooked in the oven on one sheet pan. You can also swap steak for chicken or shrimp.
I love fajitas but I rarely ever make them at home. It always seems like a lot of work. But it’s really not. Especially if you cook this sheet pan version.
If you want to get a little fancier, you can prepare the steak ahead of time and let it marinate in the spices. But if you’re in a hurry, you can skip the marination and just do a quick toss of the spices onto the meat and vegetables. It’s still flavorful, but the spices just won’t penetrate the meat as much.
I love how colorful this came out. The steak is thinly sliced so that it cooks quickly along with the vegetables. We enjoy our steak medium to medium rare, but feel free to cook all the way through if you want.
The tortillas are added the last few minutes of cooking, just to warm them up. I actually ended up toasting them slightly over an open flame on the stove to add some color. The ones in the oven will warm up just fine but they won’t have the toasted/charred look to them.
This recipe is one I’ll definitely be making often. Next time, I might make it with chicken, steak and shrimp.
Now updated with video! You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel for all the latest recipe videos.
Sheet pan steak fajitas is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.433678
Retrieved Text: Whether or not you are Irish, Corned Beef and Cabbage is a must-have at this time of the year. Every grocery store will offer a sale price on this cured meat and cruciferous vegetable. Often times they are placed side by side, making it very convenient to pick up one of each to bring home. I have to say that is a very effective marketing strategy as I have been doing just what the stores intended for the past several years. By now, the family expects a Corned Beef and Cabbage Meal come St. Patrick’s Day.
Both my sons were home this past weekend for Spring Break and I took the opportunity to prepare this tasty meal for them. So far, I have always slow or pressure cooked the corn beef with very good results. There was only one time I tried roasting it and the meat came out less than perfect. I did not roast it long enough for the connective tissues to break down. Unlike steaks which should not be overcooked, beef brisket is a tough cut of meat that must be cooked for a prolonged period of time for it to be tender. I was determined to do it right this time.
Apart from pressure or slow cooking, braising is another effective way to cook corned beef. This can be done on the stove or in the oven. The latter is easier as it requires a little less supervision. Simply place the meat on a rack in a roasting pan filled with water. Then seal

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.309772
Retrieved Text: I love me a good stir fry, I love adding whatever vegetables I happen to have in the fridge and mixing it up into a sticky, savory goodness. This isn’t spicy, but you could easily add more red pepper flakes (or some kind of spicy Thai paste) to make this as hot as you’d like. J-Mo prefers his food with as much spice as possible, I am just getting used to eating “medium” salsa. So, we compromise. I add lots of flavor, and he adds the Sriracha after he dishes up.
You can use pork or chicken for this dish, and you can add just about any veggies you’d like: carrots, sliced zucchini or yellow squash, diced jalapeno if that’s how you roll, and you can sub peanuts for the cashews if you have those in your pantry instead. Serve this over white or brown rice, or you can use cauliflower rice, which is what I did. Take a head of cauliflower, chop out the steam and cut the rest into big pieces. Run them through a food processor (I have a non-fancy $20 dollar one, like this) until you have a mealy texture. Put it all in a large glass bowl, sprinkle generously with salt and white pepper, and put in the microwave for 8-12 minutes, stirring once in the middle. DO NOT add liquid, there is plenty of water in the cauliflower to steam itself in the microwave.
The trick to stir fry is that you need to prepare all your ingredients before you start cooking.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.256626
Retrieved Text: Chicken is great. It’s versatile and goes with any occasion. Check out these great chicken meals you and your family will love!
Skillet teriyaki chicken thighs are cooked right on the stove without needing an oven! Better than any store bought teriyaki, this recipe is a family favorite!
Honey Chipotle BBQ Chicken is sweet and tangy and the chipotle adds such a flavorful kick! You are going to love everything about this sauce and it will be a hit at your next gathering!
Chicken in Tomato Sauce Recipe – Quick and easy one-skillet dish with pan seared chicken breasts cooked in a flavorful and creamy tomato sauce with capers. It’s a perfect midweek meal that takes only 30 minutes to make!
Slow Cooker Sweet Chili Chicken Drumsticks are tender, sticky drumsticks cooked in an easy sweet and spicy sauce. They’re made with only 5 ingredients are sure to be hit!
An easy recipe for Alice Springs Chicken, an Outback Steakhouse copycat recipe. Marinade chicken breast in honey mustard sauce, then top with mushrooms, bacon, and way too much cheese! So delicious.
From lunch box meals to weekday dinners, chicken is a staple ingredient in our home; it’s versatile, delicious and easy to cook. These Backed Ranch Crispy Chicken Thighs are flavor packed, budget friendly and can be adjusted to serve small or large crowds of hungry mouths.
Chicken in Sour Cream Sauce made with a rich, creamy tomato-sour cream sauce is sure to be a family favorite. Quick and easy to make yet packs full flavor, it’s perfect for busy weeknights!
One Pan Smothered

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.22353
Retrieved Text: Here is another one of my posts about inexpensive dinners to incorporate into your meal plans to save money on groceries. For this meal we make crisp and soft tacos, serve it with chips, salsa, refried beans and fruit.
This dinner works out to be about $7.95 for our family of 4, plus lunch for 3 people.
I will usually have enough left overs to make a lunch for the kids and myself the next day or to make 3-4 burritos for the freezer. So I will say it serves about 7 people. Cost per serving is $1.14.
I like to keep our meals about $.50 per person for breakfast and lunch meals. At dinner I like to keep it as close to $1 per person but that is not always the case.
Do you have a cheap meal you eat often at your home? Please share it with us.
I have a tip for making this meal go further! When we were growing up in a household of 6 my mom would always bake a few potatoes, cut them up into bite-size pieces and mix them into the ground beef. She would then add 1 can of tomato paste and a little water (to thin it out) and simmer on the stove. The result was a larger portion of great tasting taco meat.
When I made this the first time for my husband he was confused when I started mixing the potatoes in with the ground beef, but now he really enjoys them!
We usually will use re-hydrated TVP to help stretch

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.198795
Retrieved Text: These Crispy Baked Chicken Thighs with Lemon and Garlic are juicy and tender on the inside and crisp on the outside. They’re easy to prepare with only a few simple ingredients, making this baked chicken thigh recipe a fabulous dinner for any night!
Dark meat always has more flavor. I’ve read several articles about bone-in meat, and some insist that bones add flavor while others claim it’s a myth. Serious Eats ran tests and concluded that the bone helps the meat stay more tender, but that they don’t impact the flavor. I’ve never tested it myself, but either way, bones have a positive impact on the final results. I do know for a fact that leaving the skin absolutely makes a difference. You get juiciness from the fat, and the seasoned, crispy skin tastes awesome. So how do you get perfect crispy baked chicken thighs?
Make sure to thoroughly pat the chicken skin dry before seasoning and searing.
You can’t achieve crispy chicken without the skin. Do not remove it.
Use a pan such as cast iron, stainless steel or aluminum (anything but nonstick). Cast iron really does get the best sear.
Make sure the pan is hot and is coated with a layer of fat (but isn’t smoking). The other option, if you’re worried about the skin burning, is to start the chicken in a cold pan and allow both to heat up together. I haven’t tried this, but America’s Test Kitchen recommends it, and I trust them.
Use a thin, firm spatula to flip the chicken. I recommend a fish

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.19559
Retrieved Text: These quick and healthy meals are simple enough to whip up even after a long shift.
You know preparing nutritious meals at home is better for you and your family than picking up fast food or takeout. But, let’s face it: After a long shift, you’re exhausted, or if you work evenings, prepping food before you walk out the door just adds to an already mad rush. That’s why having tasty, simple, and good-for-you staples in your supper repertoire is crucial.
Here are five types of meals you can make in a flash. Best of all, the variations are endless, so with these few techniques, you’ll be able to put a variety of dinners on the table every night.
A simple search on Pinterest for “sheet pan meals” will turn up thousands of results. With these recipes, you’ll assemble meat, veggies, spices, and possibly grains on a single sheet pan and roast at high heat. Examples of hit meals include shrimp fajitas and beef and broccoli. Here are 21 other sheet pan meals you can work into your dinner rotation.
Is your crockpot collecting dust in your pantry? Now’s the time to relocate it to a priority spot on your kitchen countertop. A crockpot (or slow cooker) lets you cook meals at low temperatures for hours without turning on the stove or oven. Most slow cooker recipes have a “set it and forget it” approach. Dump the ingredients into the pot, which is plugged in on your countertop, and anywhere between three and eight hours later a delicious meal is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.17511
Retrieved Text: You will, however, have to make an effort, and improve your cooking ability. No matter the reason why you have decided to cook, it is still great to have this knowledge and skill. Keep reading for a handful of insightful and interesting cooking tips.
A great tip to follow if you use oil to cook is to put it on the sides of the pan while cooking, so it’s already heated by the time it reaches the food. Hot oil adds more flavor to the food, giving you the tastiest results when you’re finished.
Saute vegetables with chicken broth to cook them in a healthy way. The chicken broth will make the vegetables taste a lot better, and you will be able to avoid using other oils that may add fat and calories. This is a wonderful way to cook, and enjoy, your vegetables.
When serving a salad at a social gathering, keep the dressing in a dish to the side. Some people like to put more salad dressing on their salads than other people do; let your guests put their own salad dressing on. It is important to provide your guests with a plethora of dressings.
Follow the instructions carefully whenever you cook macaroni and cheese. The macaroni will turn out great and when you melt the cheese on top, it is even better. To serve the delectable macaroni and cheese, using a spoon with a solid face is just the right choice. A little bit of pepper can add surprising dimension to this simple dish.
Try to wash dishes

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.138153
Retrieved Text: Tomorrow’s V-day will be a family affair here on Shelter Island. It’s a winter wonderland today, so we are all hunkered down in coziness preparing to stay inside for awhile. This morning, though, J and I played in the snow and rain (unfortunately the snow turned to rain pretty quickly) until we were soaking wet.
He had an early Valentine’s day and exchanged gifts with his friend before we came out. It was very sweet because it was the first time he ever did this before. His card to her expressly said, “This is not a Valentine’s gift” — very romantic, no? Luckily she knows him well and was not offended in the slightest.
The Steak Sandwich recipe is based on this NY Time’s recipe for Italian Peppery Steak. I don’t use as much pepper, because J doesn’t like it, and no rosemary, because D doesn’t like it. It is all done in the oven and is so easy, because the most time consuming part is just waiting for the meat to marinate and preheating the oven! I cut our meat thin and layered it with havarti and sauteed onions and used a baguette to make delicious steak sandwiches.
Another art related venture is that the bunny card and wrapping paper design from the last post is now in a Valentine’s Day Challenge Contest.
Lay flank steak on a baking sheet or plate and season on both sides with salt and pepper. You may have to cut the steak in half so it will fit. Sprinkle meat evenly with garlic

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.13184
Retrieved Text: This hearty recipe takes the traditional lasagna preparation and packs it full of vegetables instead of noodles. The layers are composed of yellow squash, eggplant, mushrooms, and zucchini. This not only adds a lot of color to your lasagna but also makes it incredibly healthy for you. And you won’t even notice the lack of actual lasagna pasta noodles. This is a tasty, filling dish to bake for big appetites.
Like regular lasagna, the preparation and layers take some patience to put together. It’s a good recipe for creating with kids or other people, making it a fun team effort to help prepare all the separate components and assemble. The weekend is the perfect time to try it out.
The key to this lasagna, besides all the fresh produce, is the hearty and delicious meat sauce. The sauce should not be rushed. Instead it should be kept at a slow and lazy simmer to develop a ton of flavor. You might have extra meat sauce left over, which freezes well for a later date. This is also one of the only recipes where I use red wine, but you can simply substitute chicken stock if you don’t want to use alcohol.
While the meat cooks, prepare the veggies. Use a mandolin or sharp knife to slice the veggies into long, thin strips. Since you want to avoid making watery lasagna with all the vegetables, it’s a good idea to toss them with a bit of salt and let them drain for about 15 minutes. Then rinse off and pat

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.99437
Retrieved Text: Local Thais was cooking deep fried a dry fish in the iron pan.
hd00:17Kettle with cooking meat over burning campfire.
hd00:27Zhu Jiao Quan (fried taro cakes) Vegetarian food.
hd00:05Put Hot pan over charcoal stove in Thai BBQ buffet restaurant. Preparation for cooking food.
4k00:09Man Puts the Pickled Meat on a Skewer for a Shish Kebab on Nature. Preparation of a barbecue. Fat Man's hand stringing pieces of meat on a skewer in summer day. Meat marinated in a bowl on the table.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.929512
Retrieved Text: Everyone thinks his or her grandma cooks better than anyone. From cookies to pot pies, no one’s grandma is better than your grandma.
Then there are those who skip grandma altogether and go straight to mom. I would be guilty of that, but my grandma can still cook anything better than your grandma.
When I was growing up my mom would get an itch to try new recipes and put things together to make something new. Most of the time she succeeded, and the other times the pizza she ordered was excellent, too.
Now that I am a mom myself, I have made and perfected my own recipes. A little piece of me still misses my mom’s cooking, and that’s what led to my attempt to try and be my mom for dinner one night.
To anyone, it would just be a stir fry dinner, but to me, it was my mom’s amazing beef stir fry.
I am her daughter, so that means I can make it just like her. Just as a precaution though, I made sure to call at least three times to make sure I bought the right meat: filet. With my mom-like attitude, I made sure to act just like my mom while preparing dinner. Put the pan on the stove, slice and add the meat, add the butter and Italian dressing to taste, and cook until the meat is done. With a small dollop of BBQ sauce, mix it well and serve.
With a smile of satisfaction on my face, I called my family to dinner for

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.9073
Retrieved Text: Having trouble getting the kids to the dinner table? Well, I would be willing to bet they would come running if you told them you were serving cupcakes for dinner!
I was in the mood for a good old fashioned meat loaf dinner but short on time so I made my meatloaf in muffin pans. Not only does this method result in perfect sized portions but it bakes in 20 minutes! So I had just pulled out the mini meat loaves when my hubby comes in and says “meat loaf cupcakes?!?” At first I thought he was crazy and then I realized he was inspired! Why not? I mean after all, what goes better with meat loaf than mashed potatoes and why not just combine the two into one adorable little package?
There is really no way to prepare mashed potatoes that I am not going to love, but my new favorite way is to make them dairy free with a tangy, buttermilk ranch-style dressing flavor. I simply combine some Vegenaise with lemon juice, a touch of garlic and some fresh herbs and mix that with the potatoes and WOW! It’s Amazing! And no buttermilk! Or butter! Since my inspiring hubby is working to keep his cholesterol in check, I have taken to substituting cholesterol-free Vegenaise whenever possible. And by the way, the little sauce I make to whip into the potatoes makes a great creamy, dairy free salad dressing or veggie dipper as well. Seriously, all the yum of ranch dressing with no dairy!
The mini meat loaves

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.82223
Retrieved Text: Let's face it, ground beef is often (though not always) the least expensive beef, but also when used as mince, it seems to lack that beefiness that I crave.
and baked in a sheet, using this method, then cutting the cooked ground beef into strips to use in beef with broccoli and for making French dip or bbq beef sandwiches.
I take 1 pound of ground beef, mix in some salt, pepper, onion powder, garlic powder, and herbs. My favorite herb with beef is thyme, but oregano will also add flavor.
While you can use fresh garlic and minced onion, I find the powder diffuses flavor through the whole batch of beef better, and those little "bits" don't fall out of the cooked meat strips.
I press this meat mixture into a rimmed baking sheet, like a jelly roll pan (to catch drippings). If the beef is very lean, I grease the pan first. The beef should be about 1/8-inch to 1/4-inch thick all over.
then cut into strips for topping a French roll, for French dip sandwiches, or, adding to the stir-fried vegetables at the last minute for beef with broccoli, or, topped with bbq sauce, and placed on small buns for bbq beef sliders.
For the French dip sandwiches, you can make an easy au jus with just beef bouillon granules, onion and garlic powders, heated in water.
Good tip! We don't eat a lot of beef, but sometimes it does sound tasty. All of us (except my son) love meatloaf--the cooking smells really get my appetite going.
We don't eat a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.78846
Retrieved Text: Can you Reheat Ham? | Can You Reheat?
My wife made a huge ham for dinner last night, and we wanted to have leftovers for dinner tonight. What is the best way to reheat ham without it drying out? Can you reheat Ham?
Ham is one of the special meats that can he reheated in just about any fashion you can think of, and it will still stay as moist as it was when it first came out of the oven. You can pan fry it, microwave it, or put it in the oven if you have some time.
Pan frying is pretty easy, no butter or fancy pan are required. Simply find a pan that is stove safe, and that your piece of ham fits on the bottom. From there, turn the heat to Medium and let warm for about four minutes per side.
Use your nose to judge when to flip. If you notice black marks, flip it. Brown is the meat caramelizing.
To microwave ham, place it on a paper towel, or microwave safe dish and microwave for about 45 seconds on power level HIGH. You will have to adjust the times depending on how thick the slice is. Typically two minutes will give a decent hunk of meat a steamy middle.
For when you have a little time to wait, the oven is one of the best ways to ensure food does not lose its water content.
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap your portion of ham in foil and place right on the racks in your

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.758488
Retrieved Text: I love ski weekends. Gathering with friends and family to hit the slopes, hang out in gorgeous ski towns, and enjoy delicious family style meals. There is something special about warming, hearty food with a delicious glass of wine when you’ve been out in the cold all day – it’s the ideal end to a great day.
This is the perfect meal for a post ski dinner. It can cook all day in a crockpot when you’re hitting the slopes, and all you need to do is make the gravy and heat the potatoes when you’re ready for a delicious and hearty dinner! Plus, by stuffing potatoes, we’re able to feed more of a crowd without having to spend a ton of money. It is the perfect post-ski meal!
The addition of Cambria’s Chardonnay to the cooking stock isn’t very traditional - most braised shortrib recipes would use a red wine - but it provides a lovely, crisp, and bright flavor to the gravy.
Chardonnay also pulls out some of the delicious salty notes in the meat and balances the fatty flavor, and the slight citrus and vanilla notes in Cambria’s Santa Maria Valley Chardonnay are the perfect accompaniment to a rich and hearty meal!
I love Cambria’s Santa Maria Valley Chardonnay with richer foods because it doesn’t compete with the bold flavors, and accentuates the buttery garlic flavors of the white wine gravy.
You can also make this meal ahead of time and reheat it when you’re ready to eat- I sometimes will cook it all the night before and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.738037
Retrieved Text: Pork roast with a delicious sauce made from the braising liquid.
This is a meal that can be accomplished two ways. The first is to do it as outlined in the recipe, that is, serve the roast directly after it is cooked.
Seal the meat by browning on all sides in the oil.
I did it another way. I braised the roast one evening and refrigerated the meat and braising liquid (separately). Then for dinner the next night I simply sliced the meat and reheated it in the sauce. The result? Fork tender slices of braised pork.
Most of us don’t have the time to put roast on the table during the week. But we can all let a pot simmer merrily away on the stove in the evening. While it’s braising we can go about our required tasks. That makes roast available for any night of the week.
I got myself into a bit of a bind with a chunk of meat which was how this recipe came about. I had been staring at that roast in my refrigerator for nearly a week. It had to be dealt with. To make matters worse I was to go to my mother’s for Easter weekend.
I’m not saying that going to my mother’s is bad, but you know what I mean. Who wants to have a perfectly good roast go to the garbage?
Nestled in the braising liquid.
Braising or roasting meat and serving the next day is a great way to economically use your time. Both methods require little to no tending, and you

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.726105
Retrieved Text: Here is a nutritious and tasty dish that you can prepare for either lunch or dinner . A serving size is 1 cup which equals about 8 fl oz.
The nutritional analysis is: 380 calories, 27 g protein, 12 g carbohydrates, 19 g total fat of which 3.5 g saturated fat, 11 g of fiber, 980 mg sodium.
Brown the ground turkey in a nonstick 6-8 quart pot, cast iron pan, dutch oven, make sure you are breaking the meat ( don't have to use meat!) into small pieces so it cooks throughly. Drain any excess fluid. Add the sauce, black beans, kidney and or pinto beans. Stir in the garlic, pepper, chili powder, fajita seasoning, onion, peppers and mushrooms. Simmer on stove, stirring occasionally until the vegetables are cooked to desired tenderness.
An alternative to cooking on the stove would be: After simmering on the stove top for 10 minutes. Place the cast iron pan or dutch oven with lid, into the oven & bake @ 350* for an additional 30 min. Take out, let cool with lid off, then serve.
Note: If you use dry beans you will have to soak them overnight. In a solution of 1 tsp salt to 1 cup water per cooking serving size of beans. After 24 hours you can drain and apply as listed above.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.69418
Retrieved Text: As I sit here at my desk, sunshine is pouring through the window and warming my back. It feels lovely after getting up especially early this morning – it was so cold and dark. We’re having a pretty mild winter here in the Willamette Valley (sorry my midwest and east coast people), but let’s not kid ourselves, its still winter and the nights are still chilly and long!
Rob just got back from a three-week sales trip on the east coast (Speaking of snow and cold, he visited Vermont, Maine, New York and New Hampshire. In January! Just another glamorous side of the wine business!). To celebrate his homecoming and warm us up from the inside out, I decided that some classic winter comfort food was in order. A recipe for Craig Claiborne’s Beef Stroganoff was included in The New York Times Cooking email the other day, and it caught my eye.
Good old Beef Stroganoff – doesn’t that sound perfect? When I was growing up Beef Stroganoff was one of my Mom’s go-to party dishes. And with good reason – it’s delicious and rich, so it definitely feels special, can be scaled up or down depending on the size of your group, needs only some buttered noodles and a simple green salad to go alongside, and (since this was the 70’s) it seemed intriguingly exotic.
While we had the Stroganoff to celebrate Rob’s homecoming, you might consider it for your Valentine’s Day dinner. Now there’s an idea – nothing says romance like creamy beef tenderloin and buttered noodles!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.68356
Retrieved Text: This no-fail pan-seared stove top steak recipe teaches you how make a gourmet comfort food dinner that rivals what you get at a fancy steak house! An easy way for cooking steak on a stove with no fancy ingredients necessary. The steak is the best way to get perfectly seared edges and a tender, juicy meat inside at any temperature doneness you desire. Topped with a steak house butter for deliciousness in each bite.
This Sauerbraten recipe (traditional German pot roast) is made in the slow cooker. It’s so tender it just falls apart. Marinated in vinegar, wine and simple spices it’s perfect for your own authentic Oktoberfest party!

================



======= Instance Index 469 =========
Input Text: Which shows a change from potential energy to kinetic energy?

Which is the correct answer?
- a tree growing fruit
- a rock sitting still
- a person climbing a mountain
- an orange dropping from a tree

Target Text: an orange dropping from a tree

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.14417
Retrieved Text: Practice Problems for Kinetic and Potential Energy Some practice with energy. Formulas - (Kinetic Energy) KE = (MV^2)/2 (Gravitational Potential Energy) GPE = WH (Weight) W = 9.8M (Mass) M = W/9.8 These problems are copied off a worksheet and are not original.... Chapter 22 - Kinetic and potential energy. Q.I) Multiple choice questions. Tick the correct answer from the options given below. 1. The diagram shows a man diving into water.
Potential Energy of Springs on Brilliant, the largest community of math and science problem solvers.
Identify a device, phenomenon, process, or event whereby one form of energy is transformed into another. solution Some possible answers are provided on the second page of energy-transformations.pdf .
NAME _____ Kinetic VS Potential Energy Practice Part 1: This graph shows a ball rolling from A to G. 1. Which letter shows the ball when it has the maximum kinetic energy?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.8114
Retrieved Text: Moving house in Melbourne. Move with Momentum Energy.
Energy is the basic need for the development of the modern world. For meeting up the regular demand of energy we need to design a system that will produce electricity without destroying the nature.... Pavegen technology converts kinetic energy to electricity which can be stored and used for a variety of applications. Those applications include street lighting, displays, and signage.
The basic principle is simple energy conversion form mechanical to electrical energy by using the vehicles weight (potential energy) & motion (kinetic energy).Here the process of Electric Power Generation comes under the Mechanism of Electro-Kinetic power Generator.
Kinetic Energy Quiz 1. Kinetic and potential energy are the two types of energy that relate to: a. Change b. Friction c. Density d. Motion 2. Which of these has the most potential energy?
Road Power Generation (RPG) is a system design to capture waste and kinetic energy from all vehicles. This device converts the This device converts the kinetic energy of the vehicles into electric energy.
The latest piece of green twaddle that's wasting people's attention is the story about a supermarket car park that has "kinetic road plates" creating "green energy" from the motion of customers' cars.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.407536
Retrieved Text: Kinetic energy is the energy of mass in motion. The kinetic energy of an object is the energy it has because of its motion.
In Newtonian (classical) mechanics, which describes macroscopic objects moving at a small fraction of the speed of light, the kinetic energy (E) of a massive body in motion can be calculated as half its mass (m) times the square of its velocity (v): E = ½mv2. Note that energy is a scalar quantity, i.e., it does not depend on direction, and it is always positive. When we double the mass, we double the energy; however, when we double the velocity, energy increases by a factor of four.
Perhaps the most important property of kinetic energy is its ability to do work. Work is defined as force acting on an object in the direction of motion. Work and energy are so closely related as to be interchangeable. While energy of motion is usually expressed as E = ½mv2, work (W) is more often thought of as force (F) times distance (d): W = Fd. If we want to change the kinetic energy of a massive object, we must do work on it.
Kinetic energy can be stored. For example, it takes work to lift a weight and place it on a shelf or to compress a spring. What happens to the energy then? We know that energy is conserved, i.e., it cannot be created or destroyed; it can only be converted from one form to another. In these two cases, the kinetic energy is converted to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.398647
Retrieved Text: In this series of games, your students will learn about the different types of stored or potential energy. The Kinetic Energy learning objective — based on NGSS and state standards — delivers improved student engagement and academic performance in your classroom, as demonstrated by research.
Energy is the ability to do work, which can cause a change in motion. The energy of motion is called kinetic energy, and anything that is moving — whether an electron or a galaxy — has kinetic energy.
An object’s kinetic energy (*KE*) depends on its mass (*m*) and velocity (*v*). The equation for kinetic energy is *KE = ½mv**2*, so the greater the mass and the greater the velocity, the greater the kinetic energy. The unit for energy is joules.
An object with more kinetic energy has a greater capacity to do work, causing a change in motion or doing damage. That’s why objects that are larger (greater mass) and moving vaster (greater velocity) have more capacity to do damage.
Kinetic energy exists in many different forms. For example, mechanical energy is the energy of an object moving between two places. Sound comes from vibrations transmitted by waves. Thermal energy is the vibrational energy of particles. Electrical energy is the motion of charged particles.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.13632
Retrieved Text: Energy is the ability to make an object move or cause a change in matter. You can't always see or touch energy, but it is everywhere. To find energy, look for motion, heat, light, sound, or electricity.
We use many forms of energy every day. We use energy to heat, cool, run appliances, light our homes, and run our cars. We use the stored energy in food to keep us warm, maintain our bodies, and move about. Other living organisms need energy too. Plants use light, energy to grow and make food.
The Sun provides most of the energy on Earth. Plants absorb light energy from the Sun and use it to make food stored as chemical energy. The energy stored in plants in turn provides the energy for other living things on Earth. The Sun's energy also provides warmth, powers the water cycle, and makes wind power.
The energy from the Sun also provided the energy to prehistoric plants and animals. When these living organisms died, their remains eventually became fossil fuels, named so, because like fossils, they lived long ago. Examples of fossil fuels include coal and oil. Fossil fuels are very important because when we burn them, they provide most of the energy we use every day!
There are two main types of energy- potential energy and kinetic energy. Kinetic energy is energy that is in motion. A moving car, a bouncing ball, and a spinning top have kinetic energy. In contrast, potential energy is stored energy.
Energy that is stored and ready to go is potential energy.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.892754
Retrieved Text: Vienna and I are at a restaurant eating food. This shows chemical energy (potential) that is built up in the food that we are digesting. There is sound energy because we are talking, and heat energy comes from our bodies. Also,﻿ we are moving to eat the food (kinetic energy). Entropy: the motion that is occurring while we eat the food will not come back to us, and neither will the sound that we are speaking, or the heat that is coming from us.
﻿Mr. Holtein goes down the slide. This shows the potential energy of gravity, since gravitational energy builds as Mr. Holtein climbed to the top of the slide. The potential energy changed to kinetic energy in the form of motion as Mr. Holtein slides; also kinetic energy in the form of Mr. Holtien yelling, heat energy from his body, and electric energy that comes from the friction created between Mr. Holtein and the slide. Entropy: the motion that comes from Mr. Holtein going down the slide, the sound that comes out of his mouth, the heat his body exudes, and the electricity created by the friction will not come back to Mr. Holtein after it is released.
﻿Sofie S. shoots a rubber band at Sofie L. Elastic potential energy builds up as the rubber band is pulled back, and is converted to motion kinetic energy when the rubber band is released and flies across the room. There is also sound energy from Sofie L. who yells, and heat energy from the girls who are warmer

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.28467
Retrieved Text: PROPERTIES OF MATTER AND ENERGY What is matter? Matter is anything that takes up space and has mass. Properties of Matter Mass Definition: the amount of matter in an object Tool for measuring: pan balance Volume Definition: the amount of space an object takes up Tool for measuring: graduated cylinder Weight Definition: the measure of the pull of gravity on an object Tool for measuring: spring scale Density Definition: how much matter is found in a certain space or how much matter is packed together; density depends on mass and volume Lesson Checkpoint: What is the difference between mass and weight? Special Properties of Matter Some matter has the capability of conducting energy, such as wires which conduct electrical energy. Some matter insulates against energy, such as a wood handle on a pot that insulates against heat energy so that you can hold a hot pot using the wooden handle and not get burned. Other properties of matter include magnetism which is the property of being magnetic (attracting iron or steel) and buoyancy, which is the ability of an object to float. © Copyright NewPath Learning. All Rights Reserved. Permission is granted for the purchaser to print copies for non-commercial educational purposes only. Visit us at www.NewPathLearning.com.
Energy Energy is the ability to do work. Kinetic energy is energy that is happening now; it is energy in motion. The faster an object is moving, the more kinetic energy it has. The more mass an object has, the more kinetic energy it will have. Kinetic energy can change

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.842274
Retrieved Text: Kinetic energy of a rigid body is the energy possessed by its motion Sponsored Links Work must be done to set any object in motion, and any moving object can do work.... How to find kinetic energy “The energy possessed by a body by virtue of its motion called the kinetic energy” Every object in the universe has kinetic energy to move from one place to another.
If an object is translating and rotating and you want to find the total kinetic energy of the entire thing, you can just add these two terms up. If I just take the translational one half M V squared, and this would then be the velocity of the center of mass. So you have to be careful. Let me make some room here, so let me get rid of all this stuff here. If you take one half M, times the speed... 30/10/2008 · Find the height of the point P at which the roller is at rest, then compute the potential energy there. At P, the total energy of the system is entirely potential.
30/10/2008 · Find the height of the point P at which the roller is at rest, then compute the potential energy there. At P, the total energy of the system is entirely potential. how to get a single photo from iphone to computer How to find kinetic energy “The energy possessed by a body by virtue of its motion called the kinetic energy” Every object in the universe has kinetic energy to move from one place

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.792923
Retrieved Text: Energy gives us one more tool to use to approach physical situations. When we were analyzing situations in terms of forces and accelerations, we would usually freeze the action at a particular instant in time, draw a free-body diagram, set up force equations, figure out accelerations, etc. With energy the approach is usually a little different; often you can look at the starting conditions (initial speed and height, for instance) and the final conditions (final speed and height, perhaps), and not have to worry about what happens in between. The initial and final information often tells you all you need to know.
Whenever a force is applied to an object, causing the object to move, work is being done by the force. If a force, F, is applied but the object doesn't move, no work is done; if a force is applied and the object moves a distance s in a direction other than the direction of the force, less work is done than if the object moves a distance s in the direction of the applied force.
Work can be either positive or negative: if the force has a component in the same direction as the displacement of the object experiencing the force, the force is doing positive work, but if the force has a component in the direction opposite to the displacement, the force does negative work. If you pick a book off the floor and put it on a table, for example, you're doing positive work on the book, because you supplied an upward force

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.60069
Retrieved Text: There are many forms that energy can take. Some of these forms are thermal, mechanical, kinetic, potential, electric, magnetic, chemical, and nuclear. When you sum all of the forms of energy acting within a system you will obtain the systems total energy.
Now in thermodynamics you don’t need to know what the total energy is within a system. The reason why is because thermodynamic only considers the change in total energy. This means you can set the total energy to zero at some convenient reference point when analyzing the change in energy in a thermodynamics problem.
There are two types of energy that make up the energy of a system. They are macroscopic energy and microscopic energy. Macroscopic energy is energy that passes through boundary layer of the system and reacts to the environment or another system. Microscopic energy however is the energy at a molecular level within in the system. Microscopic energy can be considered as the systems internal energy.
As mentioned in earlier sections internal energy represents the microscopic energy within a system. Internal energy is represented by the letter U. The internal energy is basically the sum of different types of microscopic energies, such as the, sensible energy, latent energy, chemical energy, and nuclear energy.
Sensible energy is the kinetic energy of the particles within the system. This includes both rotational kinetic energy, and transverse kinetic energy. Latent energy on the other hand is the associated energy that determines that phase of the system. In other words a certain amount of internal energy is required for the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.56243
Retrieved Text: I propose updating the terminology “energy from the vacuum” or “energy from the aether” or “energy from spacetime” to “potential energy from m(r)”. This makes it clear that the general spherical spacetime is responsible for this potential energy, which is infinite under condition (3). This note shows that there is also rest energy from m(r), and in well defined limits this imparts the well known T = (1/2) m v squared to a material particle of mass m. There is therefore a smooth transition to the classical limit. The kinetic energy T appears to come from nowhere, it is not present in classical physics or special relativity and can become infinite. I also calculated the potential energy from m(r) as Eq. (37), which needed a modification of the usual formula for integration by parts to give integration by parts from state 1 to state 2. Potential energy is always a change in energy, as realized clearly by Hamilton in deriving the famous Hamilton Principle of Least Action. The action needed to go from state 1 to state 2 is minimized. The m(r) function depends on the context of a given problem in physics. The amount of energy apparently coming form nowhere determines m(r) and the spin connection. This has been demonstrated perfectly in UFT311, where exact agreement was obtained between ECE and the Ide circuit. The standard model cannot explain this at all.
This entry was posted on November 6, 2018 at 10:57 am and is filed under asott2.	You can follow any responses to this entry through

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.557484
Retrieved Text: What is gravitational and potential energy?
Every object may have Potential energy but Gravitational Potential energy is only stored in the height of the object. Any time that a heavy object is kept high up, a force or power is likely to be holding it up there. This is the reason why it stays up and does not fall. It is important to note that the heavier the object, the more its potential energy.
Consider Mr Green throwing a bag of gold coins to Mr Red, who is up a tower. As Mr Green throws the bag from A to B, potential energy is transferred from Mr Green into the bag, which now has kinetic energy.
As the bag moves upwards, kinetic energy decreases, and gravitational energy increases. At the highest point (B) Kinetic energy is zero, and Gravitational potential energy is highest.
As the bag did not get to Mr Red, it starts falling from point B downwards due to gravity. It starts falling slowly (kinetic energy is low) and then speeds up downwards.
At point A, the bag is at full speed and kinetic energy is highest, whiles gravitational energy is nearly lost.
When the bag of gold coins hits the ground, kinetic energy is converted into heat and sound by the impact.
It is worth noting that the higher the gravitational energy of an object moving downwards, the lower the kinetic energy, and the lower the kinetic energy of an object moving upwards, the higher its gravitational energy.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.392567
Retrieved Text: Potential Energy. It seems that everything around us has energy. In other words, everything is filled with possibilities. It has the potential to do something… to be something great. Each day is like potential energy. It is up to us to do something…to be something great. Today…turn the potential energy into kinetic energy…make and be the change that is needed.
Years of waiting for the right moment to turn the potential energy into kinetic energy have passed. Now is the time. No more waiting for perfection and the right moment. Seize the moment and begin. Who knows? Maybe that kinetic energy will turn into thermal energy, exploding ideas around us, warming hearts and changing minds. Think of the possibilities. Today.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.224434
Retrieved Text: ﻿The sound from the water washing up on the beach will not be able to go back "Into" the water. The position of the water is what causes the energy change. With every new position of the water it causes a new sound, and makes a chemical change every time it came onto the water. The sound would not be able to go into the air then go "back" into the water to happen again.
At the beginning of the baseball game, my face was cool and not burned. During the game the light from the sun created a kinetic light energy﻿. This mixes with the chemicals on the skin and cause the skin to burn. The heat that exits the sun wont exit the sun again which causes the entropy.
The sound of the bat hitting the ball is an example of a kinetic energy reaction. The position of the bat is what causes the potential energy. Finally the entropy takes place when the bat hits the ball. The bat won't get the sound or motion back, it can't be out back into the bat.
The heat of the wheels riding on the blacktop causes the kinetic energy reaction. The motion of the wheels is the example of the Potential energy. Then The heat of the wheel creates an entropy. When the heat is against the blacktop you can't put the heat back into the wheels﻿.
﻿The boombox is a an electric and motion kinetic energy. The electric because of course the boombox is powered with electricity but also

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.15653
Retrieved Text: This kinetic energy calculator calculates the kinetic energy of an object based on the object's mass and the object's velocity, according to the formula shown above. Kinetic energy is the amount of energy which an object possesses while in motion.
To use this calculator, a user just enter's the mass of the object, measured in grams (g), and the velocity, measured in meters per second (m/s). The result of the computation is in unit joules (J).
A kinetic energy calculator can be useful for electronics, especially when viewing it from a more physics perspective, because it can be used to calculate the kinetic energy of electrons in a circuit. Remember that current is electrons in motion. So when there is current in a circuit, meaning moving electrons, these electrons have kinetic energy. The opposite of kinetic energy is potential energy, which are electrons that aren't moving. See the potential energy calculator to learn more. To calculate the amount of energy that electrons have while in motion, all we have to do is calculate the kinetic energy. We plug in the mass of electrons and their velocity and we compute the kinetic energy.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.155594
Retrieved Text: Bridal Veil Falls, Yosemite National Park, CA.
Engineers design hydroelectric dams to take advantage of the conversion of water's potential energy to kinetic energy, and then mechanical energy to electrical energy. Since the force of kinetic energy is dependent on the height and mass of the falling water, civil engineers take this into consideration when designing dam turbines. High kinetic energy (caused by a great amount of water or falling from a high distance) results in incredible force on the turbine blades, so engineers design the blade and the assembly to withstand this force. Engineers use this same understanding of energy transfer when they design roller coasters.
Describe an object's varying potential energy as being dependant on its height above the Earth's surface.
Explain the path of potential energy converted into kinetic energy as objects fall.
List ways that the energy of falling water is used to do work.
Describe how engineers use the potential and kinetic energy measurements of water to design reservoirs and hydroelectric power plants.
What is energy? (Answer: Something that can do work). Have you ever heard of potential or kinetic energy? Well, potential energy is simply the "stored" energy of an object. An object's potential energy depends partly on its height and gravity. Kinetic energy is the energy of the object in motion. As an object falls, or moves down an incline, its potential energy is converted into kinetic energy. So, a falling object (or one rolling or sliding down a hill) loses its potential energy as it increases its kinetic energy.
Installation of huge water turbines at

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.0965
Retrieved Text: Here are 10 different forms of energy that you'll need to know for GCSE Physics. Whenever you see the word 'potential energy', think 'stored energy', for example in a battery which is a store of chemical potential energy (ready to convert into electrical energy).
1. Electrical Potential Energy. A cell is a store of electrical 'potential' energy in the form of positive and negative charges which attract. A flow of electrons through a resistor can transfer electrical potential energy into heat energy.
2. Sound Energy. Sound waves are pulses of kinetic energy transferred from one place to another by vibrating particles as they bump into their neighbours. Sound energy can travel through a gas, liquid or solid.
3. Nuclear Energy. A great deal of energy is stored within the nucleus of atoms. This can be released when a nucleus is split into two, or when two light nuclei fuse into a single nucleus. Nuclear power stations are powered by this energy.
4. Kinetic Energy. Every object that moves has this type of energy. The greater the object's speed, then the greater its kinetic energy. Mass is also important here - a more massive object will also have a greater kinetic energy.
5. Light. Visible light is a type of electro-magnetic radiation which travels as waves. The members of this 'E-M' wave family include gamma, x-ray, ultra-violet, visible light, infra-red, microwaves and radiowaves.
6. Heat energy can move from one place to another via conduction, convection and radiation. Another name for this type of energy is 'Thermal Energy'.
7. Gravitational Potential Energy. Any object

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.056606
Retrieved Text: "Energy cannot be created or destroyed... it can only be changed."
Chances are you've heard that phrase before. it's one of the most important concepts in all of physics. It doesn't mean that an object can't lose energy or gain energy... what it means is that energy can be changed into different forms, and transferred from system to system, but it never magically disappears or reappears.
Following up on our bank account analogy, if you have a certain amount of money in your bank account, if you spend some money, your bank account balance decreases. Your money wasn't lost, however, it was transferred to another system. It may even change forms... perhaps you purchased an item from another country. Your money is no longer in the form of dollars and cents, but is instead now part of another system in another currency.
There are some issues with our money analogy, however. If the total money supply in a country is low, a government can print more currency. In the world of physics, however, the total amount of energy throughout the universe is fixed... it cannot be replenished. Alternately, governments can collect and destroy currency -- in the world of physics, we can never truly destroy energy. The understanding that the total amount of energy in the universe remains fixed is known as the law of conservation of energy.
As we've learned previously, mechanical energy is the sum of an object's kinetic energy as well as its gravitational potential and elastic potential energies. Non-mechanical energy forms include chemical potential, nuclear, and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.045128
Retrieved Text: In the following passage, I use “heat” in its most narrow, physically precise manner: as a verb only. This is consistent with the way the science of heat - thermodynamics - views the concept.
When you heat an object, this may cause the temperature to rise. This is because the internal energy of the object has increased. This internal energy is the sum of the random kinetic and potential energies of the particles making up that object. When there is a temperature rise, the internal energy increases because the particles move faster (their kinetic energy increases) - that is they go from point to point (translate) or rotate or vibrate more.
In a solid the main mode of movement is vibration, while in a liquid the particles are free to also rotate while in a gas all three modes are undertaken but the main driver of the temperature rise is due to an increase in the translational motion of the particles. There is one other way to increase the internal energy of an object through heating and this does not cause a temperature rise. How is it we could heat something and yet not cause a temperature rise? This can be so if the internal energy rises but does not cause a change in the kinetic energy of the particles and this is possible if the heating causes only the potential energy of the particles to change. And what this means for an object is that the potential energy in the bonds changes. The bonds might be between

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.85558
Retrieved Text: Consider a scenario: When diesel is burned in a truck engine, some of the chemical energy stored in the form of liquid is converted into kinetic energy of the truck and some are wasted as thermal energy. When the truck stops, its kinetic energy is converted into internal energy in the brakes. The temperature of the brakes increases and heat energy is released. The outcome is that chemical energy has been converted into heat energy, which dissipates in the atmosphere and is of no further use. However, the total energy present in the universe has remained constant.
All energy changes are governed by the law of conservation of energy. The law states that energy cannot be created or destroyed. It can only be converted from one form to another.
Kinetic energy is associated with moving objects. As we know, a moving object can be made to do work as it slows down. For example, a moving hammer hits a nail and, as it stops, it does work to drive the nail into a wall.
The kinetic energy Ek joules (J) of an object of mass m (kg) moving with speed v (m/s) is given by the following equation. Ek is termed as translational kinetic energy since it is energy due to an object moving in a straight line. Rotating objects also have kinetic energy and that is known as a rotational form of energy.
Newton’s law of gravitation tells us that all masses attract one another. When two masses are pulled apart, work is done on them and so they

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.721348
Retrieved Text: Potential or kinetic energy worksheet gr8 pinterest awesome worksheet. Kinetic vs potential energy worksheet. Potential or kinetic energy worksheet gr8 pinterest awesome a for students to help them practice their understanding of and energy. Worksheet kinetic vs potential energy from mrterrysscience on teachersnotebook com 4 pages. Potential and kinetic energy worksheet education com third grade science worksheets energy.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.51893
Retrieved Text: gravitational field intensity on the surface of the Earth will be calculated as g = 9,8 N/kg.
Gravitational potential energy is always negative. As r approaches to infinity, EG approaches to zero.
Approximate formula can be used in case the difference between r1 and r2 is not much, or ∆h is not very large.
v: Orbital speed (m/s): Orbital speed is the speed is required for an object to stay in orbit above a central body. Orbital speed of the object is undergoing uniform circular motion (m/s). Orbital speed is a constant speed and perpendicular to the gravitational force.
To escape an object from the orbit of the central body, the objects' total energy must be greater than zero. Since the gravitational potential energy of the object is always negative, and depends on the position of the object, the kinetic energy must be increased to make total energy greater than zero. This additional kinetic energy is called the binding energy. when the object escape from the central body, it will no longer to be bound to the central body.
Since the orbital gravitational potential energy does not change at the given location, kinetic energy must be increased to make the orbital total energy greater than zero.
Since the object at rest, kinetic energy of the object equals to zero and total energy of the object equals to gravitational potential energy of the object.
Escape velocity is the minimum velocity needed for an object to escape the gravitational pull of another object at a given distance. To escape an object from the potential well

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.407238
Retrieved Text: Brahma and Vishnu share a unique relationship in the Puranas. Brahma is said to have been born out of Vishnu's navel. Sri or Lakshmi is also said to have been born out of Vishnu's navel.
Vedas and Puranas say Maya covers the whole Universe. They say Maya is the feminine form of Vishnu. They say it is the maya that masks us from discovering from what is behind. We are all in the Maya and what we see is Maya. It takes a great amount of intuition and intelligence to go and discover what is behind Maya. What is behind this Maya is Brahma, Vishnu and Siva.
If Brahma is Gravity, Vishnu is Inertia, then Maya is the 'Rest-Mass'. The rest-mass covers the whole Universe. The mass is manifestation of other forces like Gravity, Inertia and Energy. But they are all covered by the rest-mass and we observe only the rest-mass. If we go behind the rest-mass, we observe Gravity, Inertia and Energy as the sources that cause the Rest-mass.
But Vishnu is not just the inertia. It is the expression of the Supreme Consciousness. Sri Suktam says the 'Sign' (Lakshmi) of that Supreme consciousness is Sri. It is the Sri who manifests in all matter and beings as the Sign of that Supreme consciousness. Hence Sri is also depicted as one who springs from the navel of Hari or Vishnu.
Thus the depiction of Sri as springing from navel of Hari is in the dimensions of Consciousness. The depiction of Brahma springing from the navel of Vishnu is the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.34635
Retrieved Text: An object that gradually accelerates or decelerates exerts a force that you can sometimes gauge through sense of touch. You can tell how fast a car is accelerating by the pressure of the seat on your back, or how quickly you accelerate someone's motion when you push him on a swing. But impact forces (which we usually avoid, if possible) seem to slow an object all at once. Actually, every object will deform at least slightly and distribute the impact over a small time and distance. Therefore, you can calculate impact similarly to other forces, using kinetic equations.
Obtain the mass and the initial dimensions of the object. You can determine mass by weighing smaller objects or consulting manufacturer data for larger objects. Measure the dimensions of the object along any direction in which it might make the impact of collision.
Determine the speed of the object immediately prior to impact. You can determine the speed of an object in free fall by using an energy balance equation where you equate its potential energy at the initial position to its kinetic energy immediately before impact. The equation is m * g * h = m * v * v, where m = mass, g = acceleration due to gravity, h = initial height and v = velocity immediately prior to impact. If you cannot accurately determine its speed with a formula, you can measure it using a high-speed camera.
Determine the magnitude of the object's deformation along the line of impact. For example, if a vehicle crashed into a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.345516
Retrieved Text: It's the shot heard round the rink. When a player in the National Hockey League rips a slapshot, he unleashes one of the fastest projectiles in team sports, with some pucks reaching speeds of more than 100-miles-per-hour, or about 160-kilometers per hour.
BRENDEN MORROW (Left Wing, Dallas Stars): The last time I had it measured was a long time ago, I think I was in the eighties somewhere. I was nowhere near the 105 that the top guys shoot at nowadays.
DR. JIM GATES (University of Maryland): A slapshot is perhaps one of the most dramatic demonstrations that you can see in hockey because at that point you see a player generating an enormous amount of force and energy to make a puck move as quickly as possible.
HOLT: Jim Gates, a professor of physics at the University of Maryland who has been funded by the National Science Foundation, says that from wind-up to follow through, a slapshot is a perfect illustration of the concepts in physics known as work, energy and power.
HOLT: To understand these concepts, we filmed Dallas Stars captain Brenden Morrow with a Phantom camera, a high-speed digital camera that shoots at up to 10-thousand frames per second.
HOLT: The first ingredient to Morrow's stinging slapper is energy - the power that will propel the puck into action.
GATES: If you want an object to move fast, you want to put as much energy in its motion as possible.
HOLT: In an NHL slapshot, two types of energy can be seen - kinetic and potential. Kinetic energy is the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.33784
Retrieved Text: In Physics and Chemistry heat and temperature are the terms used very often. These are the same physical states of an object. But they are different from each other. People generally use the term wrongly as they interchange them. When the temperature of an object is incresed the heat of the object is increased. Let us try to find the difference between the two.
Heat is potential as well as kinetic energyc contained in an object. Kinetic energy is moving energy while potential energyis the contained energy which is stored and remain static in an object. Joules is its unit of measurement.
Temperature is a number related to energy. It is a measure of the kinetic energy and not the energy itself. Kelvin and Celsius and Fahrenheit are the units to measure temperature.
The molecules of heat move faster once the heat enters a body. The heat and temperature of an object goes up. It is due to the fact that the molecules hit each other. Temperature is the measure of these collisions.Heat can cause change of phase such as melting of ice into water occurs without the change in temperature.
Heat is an energy entered in an object. It is the measure of the complete energy of an object. Temperature on the other hand, is the major of only the molecules’ kinetic energy of an object. Heat is an extensive property. Temperature on the other hand, is an intensive energy. For example water boils at 100 degree centigrade. The quantity of water does not make any difference. The fact

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.334625
Retrieved Text: Suppose that we wanted to ask what the most famous equation in physics is. There are, I imagine, a few candidates.
Some might point to the pre-Newton experimentally-derived “laws” that people learn about in school, such as Hooke’s Law, Boyle’s law for gases; maybe Snell’s law for refraction.
Newton’s second law of motion, F = ma, has to be a candidate.
Then we have the first law of thermodynamics, which might not be familiar in the standard form dE = dQ - dW (E the internal energy, Q the heat supplied by the system and W the work done by the system on its surroundings), but is basically just a statement of the conservation of energy, which is very familiar.
I would hope that some people would cite Maxwell’s equations and the Lorentz force Law, arguably the most important results of classical physics.
whose name many people will know even if they don’t know anything else about quantum mechanics.
The principle of least action and Hamilton’s equations also ought to get short-listed.
But ask a random person on the street to name an equation from physics, and if I were a gambling man (which I am not) I would be willing to bet that the majority of them would say E = mc2, even if they don’t understand what the equation means. So what does it mean?
First of all, we need to ask what the symbols mean. E represents energy, m represents mass and c the speed of light. Well, that’s simple enough. It means that mass and energy are equivalent, doesn’t it?
Well,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.30927
Retrieved Text: What Are Sources of Electricity That Charge Your Life?
Have you ever wondered how your mobile device and other electronic devices are charged? Besides keeping us digitally connected, electricity also saves lives in hospitals, powers industry and keeps the U.S. economy going. Whether it's a 19th Century energy source like coal or 21st Century source like solar, it's worth knowing how electric energy works, how it's generated and where the juice that powers our lives comes from.
Electric energy is created by the flow of electrons, often called "current," through a conductor, such as a wire. The amount of electric energy created depends on the number of electrons flowing and the speed of the flow. Energy can either be potential or kinetic. A lump of coal, for example, represents potential energy that becomes kinetic when it is burned.
Here are the six most common forms of energy.
Chemical energy. This is stored, or “potential,” energy. Releasing chemical energy from carbon-based fuels generally requires combustion like the burning of coal, oil, natural gas, or a biomass such as wood.
Thermal energy. Typical sources of thermal energy include heat from underground hot springs, combustion of fossil fuels and biomass (as noted above) or industrial processes.
Kinetic energy. Kinetic energy is movement, which occurs when water moves with tides or flows downstream, or when air moves wind turbines in the wind.
Nuclear energy. This is the energy stored in the bonds inside of atoms and molecules. When nuclear energy is released, it can emit radioactivity and heat (thermal energy) as well.
Solar energy. Energy radiates from the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.770054
Retrieved Text: The concepts of work and energy provide a comprehensively important framework for interpreting change within physical systems.
The concept of energy is one of the most important concepts in science. Perhaps the simplest definition of energy is that it is a measure of a system's ability to perform work. Energy is classified as either potential energy or kinetic energy. Potential energy is the energy shared by a system as a consequence of position or state. Potential energy includes such forms as gravitational energy or chemical energy. What makes energy exceedingly useful as a concept is that when the various forms of energy in an isolated system are transformed from one form to another, the total energy must remain the same.
Understand the definition of mechanical work and comprehend the relationship between the direction of the force and displacement vectors in determining the work performed.
Master basic quantitative problem solving involving potential and kinetic energy. Be able to verbalize the relationships.
Be able to imaginatively visualize changes in potential energy in such systems as an object near the earth's surface, a mass-spring, and basic electrostatic systems.
Understand what is meant by binding energy.
Explain the difference between conservative and non-conservative forces.
Understand the principles underlying force multiplication with simple machines such as levers and pulleys.
Master basic problem solving using the concept of power within different contexts.
Warm up with the question drill to make sure you have the work & energy conceptual vocabulary down pat. Complete the fundamental terms crossword puzzle. Here is the solution to the puzzle.
Study the physics cards for work & energy.
Study

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.749073
Retrieved Text: It is often useful to output the potential energy in the dhdl, rather than the total energy.
Added by Michael Shirts over 5 years ago. Updated almost 5 years ago.
When mdrun -rerun'ing, the kinetic energy is frequently wrong. Thus, it is preferable to print the potential energy to dhdl rather than the total energy.
instead of being a boolean, proposed change is that dhdl-print-energy, instead of being boolean, takes options 'potential', 'total', 'yes' (same as 'total') and 'no'.
The change does not require a change in the tpr (gmx_bool is an int), and no defaults are changed, thus I propose to check this in for 4.6.
A fix will be checked in soon.
be needed, since that can be done analytically in all cases.
as 'total' energy, which will reproduce the old behavior.
Gerrit received a related patchset '1' for Issue #1329.

================



======= Instance Index 227 =========
Input Text: A factory is producing various items. If the factory wants to produce something that will itself produce little pollution, it could create

Which is the correct answer?
- trucks
- windmills
- ships
- cars

Target Text: windmills

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.128117
Retrieved Text: Download "Unit 2: Theory of Externalities: Pareto optimality and market failure in the presence of externalities; property rights and the Coase theorem"
1 Unit 2: Theory of Externalities: Pareto optimality and market failure in the presence of externalities; property rights and the Coase theorem Public Goods and Externalities (from chapter five, Kolstad, Intermediate Environmental Economics) The reason the market fails to allocate environmental commodities efficiently (unlike conventional goods which it can allocate efficiently) is because they are associated with externalities and public goods. These characteristics lead to market failure. Characterising a good: excludability and rivalry Economics has defined two fundamental characteristics of goods: excludability and rivalry. Excludability Definition: A good is excludable if it is feasible and practical to selectively allow consumers to consume the good. Conversely, a bad is excludable if it is feasible and practical to selectively allow consumers to avoid consumption of the bad. For example, a hamburger is excludable, whereas a city park without a fence or entrance control is non-excludable. Rivalry 1. If a good/bad is non-excludable, it is not possible to attach a price to the consumption of the good/bad, as we will not be able to prevent that consumption if the price is not paid. Without excludability, a price system will not work. 2. Excludability depends on the following: cost vs benefits of exclusion if the cost of exclusion is far more than the benefits gained, then a good is not excludable. technology of exclusion and how it changes over time; this determines how costly it is to exclude a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.058445
Retrieved Text: Kotagrosir.com – Indonesia is one of the biggest smartphone markets in the world. Emarketer believes that the nation will have over 100 million active monthly smartphone users by 2018 as it leaps other countries to become the fourth largest market. As this evolution happens, Indonesia is also set to be an important and strategic place for brands to manufacture smartphones.
Indeed, it’s happening already, and other factors are helping to accelerate the growth. Labor costs in Indonesia are relatively low. The country’s annual minimum wage is US$1,163, below China’s US$2,472. Furthermore, the Indonesian government is implementing new policies that heighten the cost to import phones, while at the same time it lowers the barriers to setting up a smartphone factory.
In 2013, Indonesia imported US$2.6 billion worth of smartphones, and that number will keep on increasing. Naturally, the government wants to convert some of that money to revenues made within the country.
A number of homegrown and overseas phone companies have set up facilities in Indonesia, while others are planning on doing so. These run the length of the supply chain, from major component manufacturers to actual smartphone brands. Here’s a list of the main players.
China-based Oppo is attacking the Indonesian market very aggressively. The company has put in US$30 million to buy an old factory on the archipelago and revamp it into an assembly plant. The facility, which will become Oppo’s first outside China, is located in Tangerang, just outside of Jakarta, and will be fully operational by mid-2015.
Oppo aims to assemble 500,000 smartphones every month from its

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.896366
Retrieved Text: “Make It Possible” is the latest campaign from Animals Australia to put an end to factory farming which would no only stop all the misery and suffering that farm animals go through, but it would also save the whole planet by lessening the environmental impact from the meat industry that accounts for 91 mega tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions every year. Now wouldn’t that be a saving?
Factory farming is the #1 cause of animal cruelty in this country as well as being one of the biggest causes of environmental pollution, and yet it is the simplest problem to solve.
The animal rights organisation, Animals Australia, has started a huge campaign to end factory farming called “Make It Possible.” And their efforts have already caused much media attention and, although still in the early stages, has already prompted the big supermarkets to start selling “sow stall-free” pork.
Factory farming was born from the need to produce more animals for food in the cheapest way possible. This has resulted in animals being kept in small, dark, confined spaces and suffering unending misery on a daily basis.
So far all attempts to put an end to factory farming have been met by oppostion from the big agricultural lobbiest in parliament who oppose any and all laws that would end factory farming once and for all. They use arguments about how it would damage the economy if factory farming was stopped and ignore the cruelty and pollution that it causes.
You only have to look inside a factory farm to see the filth and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.798813
Retrieved Text: A wholesaler told me that the factory currently stopped producing the A5s, because you lack of some material. The factory also told them that it is possible that you can produce them again in the middle of October. Do you have any news about this?
May I ask you when will you produce the Blackview A5 devices again?
we still produce this device, you can buy it from aliexpress online stores.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.743546
Retrieved Text: Internal studies and other documents show that 3M knew by the 1970s that PFOA and PFOS were toxic and accumulating in people's blood.
The EPA doesn't want to hear from people who have PFOA and other PFAS chemicals in their drinking water.
While the dangers of PFOA and PFOS are widely known, very little is known about the other chemicals in their class, PFAS.
Substâncias usadas em panelas antiaderentes, produtos à prova d’água e espuma de extintor são associadas a pênis menor e baixa contagem de espermatozoides.
Catastrophic hurricanes, heartless vivisectionists, criminal polluters, and climate supervillains like Scott Pruitt were all on extravagant display in 2018.
DuPont Has Spread Its Pollution Around the World. Now It Wants to Filter Your Contaminated Drinking Water.
DuPont opened a factory in Saudi Arabia last week that will produce reverse osmosis water filters to remove contaminants, including those caused by DuPont.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.65813
Retrieved Text: Volkswagen is planning to open a new factory in the Eastern Europe and the potential locations are Bulgaria, Turkey and Romania, according to Automobilwoche, cited by Agerpres.
The Volkswagen trade union in Germany is fighting for control over the new factory with Skoda, the Czech division that wants control since the new factory will produce Skoda Karoq and Seat Ateca.
On November 18, Volkswagen AG head Herbert Diess said the carmaker is looking for a new multibrand factory in Eastern Europe, whose production is expected to start after 2022.
At the new East European unit, which will have between 4,000 and 5,000 employees, will be produced SUVs Skoda Karoq and Seat Ateca, which are currently manufactured at Kvasiny, Czech Republic.
An investment in the Czech Republic, Skoda headquarters, is not taken into account due to high wage costs. Another option would be the transformation of the engine factories into car producing units. Potential candidates are the units where VW manufactures engines: Polkowice (Poland) and Gyor (Hungary).

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.97403
Retrieved Text: World’s largest biomass producers, Bionas, on Tuesday, signed a memorandum of understanding with Kaduna State Government to build a $2.4billion biomass biofuel factory, and $137million waste to wealth factory in Zaria city.
According to the group’s CEO, Mrs Zurina Amnan, she said Bionas will implement five blocks of 10,000 hectares in cultivating, jathropa plants in five different locations to produce the biomass and biofuel.
Amnan said they also planned to invest in waste-to-energy plant, where 1,000 pound of garbage daily will be processed to produce 258 megawatts (mw) of electricity to serve 96,000 houses without experiencing any waste or pollution.
Explaining that the Bionas Group will adopt the use of best and latest technology, she estimated the duration for the two projects to be between 18 months and two years.
She said: “Bionas is a consortium of companies that uses latest technology in producing biomass and biofuel from jathropa. Bionas is the world’s largest biomass producers using jathropa. Bionas is based in 52 countries across the world; it is made up of six companies in China, and 21 companies in Malaysia, with 30 years of experience in build, operate and transfer. We have developers, investors and builders, who can build a house in eight hours using eight workers.
“The MOU is a deal to implement five blocks of jathropa farm involving 50,000 hectares in five locations worth $2.4billion to provide employment for 38,750 people. We will build 15,635 fully furnished houses for these people with hospitals, schools, roads and other infrastructures. It will become a new town.
“We will implement and invest

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.63535
Retrieved Text: While browsing through various guides and forum posts I read somewhere (but cannot find it now) that the Split race is enemies with Argon and Boron. If I bring a Split factory into Argon space or an Argon factory into Split space will it cause one or the other to attack the factory after I set it up...or once I set-up the factory is it no longer considered to be affiliated with the race it was purchased from?
Re: [X3-TC] Will Factory from rival Faction cause issues with local Faction?
A station/ship owned by you is yours; no affiliation to origin. There are, however, some illegal products. Those stations will be attacked, because they produce "bad stuff" in Faction space.
Would Boron cops attack a hired Split TL? That I cannot remember for sure. Overall, a TL is a good investment.
Thank you for the reply and information about the Alliances and hostile-pairs.
Actually, stations that produce illegal wares are legal. Only ships with illegal goods will get attacked. It doesn't really make logical sense, but that's how it works.
A Split freighter in Boron space MAY be attacked, but no guarantee. The local patrols will often let them pass through harmlessly, and I've seen large Paranid fleets pass through multiple Argon sectors without any interference. If the rival faction ship initiates combat by shooting at any other ships, it almost certainly WILL be attacked by any local police or military vessels in range. Technically, you could hire a Boron TL and have it carry a Boron factory to deploy in a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.46266
Retrieved Text: How to Minimize Production Cost in Garment Manufacturing?
Now-a-days many individuals are starting small scale garment manufacturing business. You might be one of them. While setting up a factory is comparatively easier, it is quite difficult running the factory with budgeted cost. Secondly for a small set up controlling the production cost is very important to manage the cash flow.
You may be aware that there is always a price pressure for the final product while raw material cost and labour cost is increasing day by day. In such situation how to keep your production cost under control?
You must find ways to keep your production cost (product cost) as low as possible. This way you can earn more profit and see the expected growth in the business.
In this post I have shared few tips to minimize production cost in your factory.
Improve fabric utilization: Fabric cost is the major part in total cost of making a garment. Control unnecessary wastage of fabrics in cutting. Fabric utilization is the percentage of total purchased fabric consumed in making you order. Correct estimation of fabric consumption saves excess inventory stock and cost of raw material. You can go for IT tools to improve fabric utilization in cutting room.
Buy most economical fabric width: Fabric is available in various widths (and various diameters for knits). Select right fabric width based on the product specification (measurement). If your garment patterns don’t consume full width of a fabric, wastage will increase. So while purchasing fabrics for an order, check how much fabric width is required for

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.10232
Retrieved Text: This segment of The Production Possibilities Frontier uses the fictional economy of Econ Isle to discuss how limited resources result in a scarcity problem for the economy. Econ Isle’s production possibilities are graphed to show its frontier, and then used to discuss the opportunity costs of its production and consumption decisions.
Have you been to a frontier lately? You know, an outer limit or a border? When you hear the word "frontier," you might think of westward expansion, outer space, or even Alaska.
Whether you realize it or not, the economy has a frontier—it has an outer limit of economic production.
Today we're going to talk about this outer limit by using a simple economic model called the production possibilities frontier—the PPF.
Like most models, the PPF reflects a simplified version of reality. And in this case, it can easily be shown on a graph. For example, let's imagine a single economy, the island nation of Econ Isle, that produces only two goods—widgets and gadgets.
Econ Isle is a closed economy, which means that it doesn't trade with any other countries. It can only consume what it produces.
It uses natural resources, which are things that occur naturally in and on the earth that are used to produce goods and services. Examples include water, trees, oil, and land used to produce crops.
It uses labor, or human resources, which is the quantity and quality of human effort directed toward producing goods and services. The people of Econ Isle work hard to produce all those widgets and gadgets.
It uses capital resources, which are goods

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.059452
Retrieved Text: The Jungshi handmade paper factory uses traditional methods to produce the authentic Bhutanese paper known as Deh-sho. The Jungshi paper factory continues to preserve and promote this age-old Bhutanese tradition. It also produces various other products, such as stationery and greeting cards.
It is located approximately 1 km from Thimphu City. The factory uses the bark of two tree species, the Daphne tree and Dhekap tree in the manufacture of traditional paper. Visitors can observe the entire process of producing handmade paper using ancient traditional methods that have been practiced for generations. You can even try your hand at this ancient craft and make some paper of your very own as a souvenir. Deh-sho paper was originally used by monasteries for woodblock and manuscript books and also for writing prayer books.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.92815
Retrieved Text: As using the plastic products widely in China, waste plastic is also increasing, which has caused serious "white pollution" and has increasingly become a real headache environmental problem for the government.
According to the statistics recorded by State Environmental Protection Administration and Ministry of Agriculture, only the disposable plastic lunch box and various products and foam packing has reached 50 millions tons, the agricultural films 8 millions tons, if add other scrap plastics, the total waste plastics can reach over one hundred million tons each year. However, the recycling rate is less than 20% in China. The waste plastics has caused seriously pollution to our environment, it can not be completely decompose even after 200 years if to bury them, and contaminate ground water, destroy the soil structure, in the serious pollution region the crop will be lost over 30%.
Doing waste tyre pyrolysis plant manufactured by Doing can pyrolyze the scrap plastic and produce the valuable products i.e. carbon black, fuel, and so forth. Using waste tyre pyrolysis plant to solve the environmental problem about waste plastic is a suitable approach. Welcome to our factory to see our demo machine and running machine anytime.
Next:The research and development of waste tyre pyrolysis plant is a hard process.
If you wanna to get more details about Waste plastic, in others'view, is garbage, but treasure to us you can send E-mail to market@doinggroup.com. You can consult our professional engineer and specialized sales team with leave a message in below form.We will contact with you ASAP.You also can visit our factory in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.760242
Retrieved Text: Factory farms -- giant livestock farms also known as feedlots that house thousands of cows, chickens or pigs -- produce staggering amounts of animal wastes. As a new NRDC report shows, the way these wastes are stored and used has profound effects on human health and the environment.
On most factory farms, animals are crowded into relatively small areas; their manure and urine are funneled into massive waste lagoons. These cesspools often break, leak or overflow, sending dangerous microbes, nitrate pollution and drug-resistant bacteria into water supplies. Factory-farm lagoons also emit toxic gases such as ammonia, hydrogen sulfide and methane. What's more, the farms often spray the manure onto land, ostensibly as fertilizer -- these "sprayfields" bring still more of these harmful substances into our air and water.
Yet in spite of the huge amounts of animal wastes that factory farms produce, they have largely escaped pollution regulations; loopholes in the law and weak enforcement share the blame. Legal action by NRDC led the Environmental Protection Agency to propose new federal standards for factory-farm pollution (the first update since 1976), but they are not strong enough. And states need to step in with strict controls of their own.
Threats to human health People who live near or work at factory farms breathe in hundreds of gases, which are formed as manure decomposes. The stench can be unbearable, but worse still, the gases contain many harmful chemicals. For instance, one gas released by the lagoons, hydrogen sulfide, is dangerous even at low levels. Its effects -- which are irreversible --

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.677216
Retrieved Text: most of whom are not vegetarian, the reality is we need a lot of meat. For the last few decades, we have honed the technique of producing massive amounts of cheap meat for human consumption in a process called factory farming. Factory farming is the process of intensively farming animals to produce meat and animal products as cheaply as humanely possible.
In the United States alone, 9 billion chickens are killed for meat each year, and 305 million hens are used for their eggs¹. In Australia, over one million chickens are slaughtered daily for their meat². Chickens are the most farmed animal on Earth. These staggering numbers alone suggest that there must be negative repercussions from farming so many animals.
For other types of animals such as cows and pigs, the statistics are just as alarming. In the US, more than 29 million cows die in the meat and dairy industries yearly³. In Australia, 4 – 5 million pigs are slaughtered for food annually⁴. And then there’s the lesser-consumed animals such as turkeys, fowl, rabbits and goats. In some Asian countries, even dogs and cats are raised and killed for our consumption.
Such incredible amounts of animals being raised and slaughtered every year is having disastrous impacts on our Earth. Factory farming is responsible for contaminating the waterways, harming the atmosphere and for deforestation. It is an unsustainable way to farm, and cannot continue to be allowed this way.
Factory farming is poisoning the air. Mostly, this is thanks to methane gasses produced by cows. In fact, over 37% of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.62791
Retrieved Text: What would it take to make Rhetorical Factory a success?
From the moment I set out to create Rhetorical Factory it has been successful. With a three-part mission statement I really have always felt that whatever I am learning and doing here is worth while. I am learning about business, being creative, and making waste into a resource. That has always felt like success, even when that meant sacrificing personal comforts. Possibly even especially then.
Since we opened the flagship store last year, we have re-purposed roughly 1,500 garments. That is so much more than ever before, more than in the entire 4 years spent in the Studio. But the expansion itself came at a high cost, plus we experimented with employees. So while we haven't a profit yet, I feel like we have had financial success and are on track to sell enough recycled clothes to pay the bills year-round.
What about "Blowing Up" "Going Viral" or "Becoming Mainstream"?
Now this is a little difficult to explain so I'll keep it short. Rhetorical Factory is based in a different paradigm., a different world of values. One-of-a-kind clothing is sold to all sorts of people, all seeking something ethical and unique for themselves. That experience is impossible to mass-produce. The awakening that has to happen to someone before they are looking for a store like Rhetorical Factory already takes them out of the "rat race" "keeping up with the Jones'" and the competitive angle that our popular culture feeds on. By the time Rhetorical Factory "blows up" this world will

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.527035
Retrieved Text: Elon Musk talked about Tesla reaching 500,000 to 1 million cars per year. Tesla could start producing cars in China in 2019.
Maintaining the third quarter production level would mean 340,000 cars per year. Tesla should have 100,000 cars per year in the fourth quarter which would be 400,000 cars per year annually.
The Model 3 international expansion is pushed to early and mid-2019. The European launch of the Model 3 is expected in the first half of 2019.
Tesla plans to bring portions of Model 3 production to China during 2019.
The Shanghai Gigafactory is planning to produce two models in its first phase project, a Shanghai government filing showed on Wednesday. The new factory, based in eastern China, aims to manufacture Model 3 and Model Y cars, with annual capacity of 250,000 vehicles, according to a filing by the environmental assessment firm conducting a feasibility study for the project.
Tesla said that it expects factory construction to begin in the near future. It will take about two years until they start producing vehicles and another two to three years before the factory is fully ramped up to produce around 500,000 vehicles per year for Chinese customers.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.373943
Retrieved Text: Bamboo Star Agro-Forestry (BSAF) has a lease on 394,000 hectares of bamboo forest from the Benishangul Gumuz regional government and set up a modern factory facility to produce products ranging from flooring and doors to toothpicks and chopsticks. BSAF is deeply committed to sustainability, and has planted over 500,000 bamboo seedlings over the past two years. The BSAF factory in the town of Asosa is equipped with machinery imported from Taiwan and is capable of producing 10,000 sq. meters of bamboo flooring, 3,500 doors, 480,000 sets of chopsticks and 24 million toothpicks per month. The factory has been able to employ 600 workers. Additionally, 1000 workers are employed in the harvesting of bamboo and management of the nursery site.
A profitable business that is largely focused on producing products for the fast-growing Ethiopian domestic market, next goal of BSAF is to rapidly expand their production capacity in order to take advantage of the massive global demand for bamboo products. According to media reports, the company is already forging business relationships with China and Saudi Arabia including producing bamboo chopsticks and other products for the Chinese market. BSAF intends to diversify into various types of furniture made of bamboo. According to another media report in the company’s website, Airbus, the giant aircraft manufacturer in the European market, is in discussion with Bamboo Star Agro-forestry for a possible partnership to produce airplane cabin interior from bamboo. Currently plane cabins are made out of carbon fiber.
Bamboo – one of the fastest growing renewable natural resource is today widely acclaimed as

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.319016
Retrieved Text: FBT is the top sporting goods manufacturer of Thailand with the focus on quality compatible with international standards. The factory has a capacity to manufacture various sports clothing and equipment such as football, tennis racquet, shoes, boxing gears, petanque ball and another over 200 items. The capability of FBT factory to produce variety of products that meet international standards makes FBT trustworthy for Thai and international markets.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.0005
Retrieved Text: The concepts of opportunity cost and marginal cost are important in the case of industries where goods are being produced. Though not directly linked to each other, they play an important role in deciding increase of production in the most profitable manner. This article will take a closer look at the two concepts and see if any differences exist between the two.
Opportunity cost refers to the sacrifice of the highest value of a product that a company has to make to produce another item. In other words, it refers to the benefit that one has to forego by taking an alternative action. In terms of investments, it is the difference in return between a chosen mode of investment and another that has been ignored or passed up. If you had an option of investing in a stock that yields 10% in a year but opted in another stock that yielded only 6%, your opportunity cost is said to be the difference which in this case is 4%.
In real life, we are often faced with several opportunities and choose one that we deem better for us. In doing so, we have to give up on other alternatives that sum up as opportunity cost. If an executive enrolls in an MBA program as he is not satisfied with the salary he is getting at present as he anticipates better salary after becoming MBA, he incurs an opportunity cost that is the sum of his salary in a year and the annual fee of the business school. However, in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.979675
Retrieved Text: Find great deals on eBay for 1930 singer sewing machine. ... Buying Format. see ... VINTAGE METAL SINGER SEWING MACHINE PROMOTIONAL 5.5" SAVINGS BANK GERMANY 1930's.
Germany Coffee Machine, Wholesale Various High Quality Germany Coffee Machine Products from Global Germany Coffee Machine Suppliers and Germany Coffee Machine Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba.com.
Small Factory Machine Mobile Hollow Brick Machine, Find Complete Details about Small Factory Machine Mobile Hollow Brick Machine,Factory Machine Mobile Hollow Brick Machine,Small Factory,Hollow Brick Machine from Supplier or Manufacturer-Gongyi Yuanhang Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd.
Looking for Sewing Machine? has a wide selection at great prices to help you get creative. Interesting Finds Updated Daily. ... More Buying Choices.
As the machine that builds the machine, our factories are so important that we believe they will ultimately deserve an order of magnitude more attention in engineering than what they produce. At very high production volumes, the factory becomes more of a product than the product itself.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.929207
Retrieved Text: We are factory outlets, directly to the most favorable price to buyers, and we are Automatic Fancy Biscuits Molding Machine designated suppliers what'’s more,we have our own R & D team ,machine design can be customized.
Compact; Simple; Rapid; Automatic; Reliable; Eco-Friendly; Stainless steel .
1. Compact: as a desktop Biscuits Making Machine, you can move it easily as you like.
2. Simple: friendly interface is easy to be operated and maintain.
3. Rapid: compared with traditional machine, it is faster and easy handling.
4. Automatic: Producing products automatically without the help of people.
5. Reliable: Run automatically and stably.
6. Eco-Friendly: Eco material for producing, no pollution.
1.The Machine is multifunctional.It can be applied to produce three kinds of biscuits.
2. It is designed specially and easy operate.
3. It is assisted by pneumatic cylinder which is much safe than bearing type.
4.The new machine adapt PLC control which ensure the precision parameters.
5. The hopper, idler wheel and mold can be easily removed and cleaned.
6. The producing speed can be adjusted and the machine comply with food hygiene standard.
Top quality, Reasonable price, Timely delivery and first-class service.
Warranty: one year guaranty, life-time technical support, some parts free.
After-Sale Service: We offer the Preventative Maintenance and After Sales Service. For we strongly feels that importance of supporting our customers and the product solutions we provide.
A: Our factory is located in Shanghai City; you can fly to Pudong and Hongqiao airport directly. I will pick you up.
4, Q: How does your factory do regarding quality control?
A: Quality is priority. We always attach great importance to quality controlling from the beginning.
5,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.919525
Retrieved Text: A place not to be missed if you've flying into Chitose.. The Nikka Whiskey Factory! It's the same direction if you're heading (or planning to go) to Otaru. There is a train station right in Yoichi itself; we visited in a bigger group so we rented a van instead.
There are a few sections in the factory laying out how they produce their alcohol.
I'm actually more interested in their end product than the process itself... There are a few rooms and I got bored after the second room. There is English description / voice recordings too if you are interested.
The Nikka Apple Wine is especially sold only in the factory itself, according to the factory staff.
At the tasting section, you'll get to try their standard products, ranging from the Apple Wine to 12 years and 18 years. I really like the apple wine - 22% alcohol and it's very, very sweet and strong. You'll not be able to feel it until much later because it's a little too sweet.
IMPORTANT: It's not a place for you to get drunk, strictly one glass per person!
Fun fact: The owner of Nikka Factory studied in Scotland (also known as the land of whisky), majoring in Chemistry, brought his knowledge back to Japan to craft whisky.
If you would like to read more about Matasaka Taketsuru, click here.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.689175
Retrieved Text: The last I checked, none of the plant derived fuels were produced very efficiently. The above definition of 85% alcohol mixed with gasoline is deceptive because it does not take into account the other fuels used to produce the 85% alcohol part. Not only does planting, watering, weeding, and harvesting the plant require fuel, but processing it into alcohol takes even more.
I don't think plant derived fuels mixed with petrochemicals are much of a bargain as far as climate change goes, so far. Anything that uses pure plant alcohol looks better to me, but most of those are going to come from factory farms. Factory farms are not a real bargain for climate change either.
It is ironic that factory farms will have an increasingly difficult time staying in business because of climate change, since they are contributing to it so much.
It takes real work to get oil out of plants, especially in large enough amounts to do any good for fuel. It is a whole different scale from producing enough sunflower seed oil to cook with than it is to produce enough to run a truck or generator on.
Running a still to produce alcohol for fuel does not seem that efficient unless you use solar or wind power or hydroelectric power.
Converting plants into something like oil or alcohol does not seem like a good thing to use for fuel whether you mix it with oil or gas or not. It seems to take too much energy to make it for us to come out ahead by

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.64317
Retrieved Text: Two robots glide up and down narrow aisles in a unique factory, tending to and delivering plants to and from growth modules to processing stations.
A science fiction film about the future, where people can no longer produce enough food because of the ravages of nuclear war, overpopulation, or some other devastation? No, these robots work in a factory that manufactures medicine from plants.
The past century has seen outbreaks of various flu strains (Spanish, Asian, Hong Kong, avian, swine, and others), and creating vaccines as quickly as possible is crucial. Thanks to the work of Boston University researchers and engineers at the Fraunhofer USA Center for Manufacturing Innovation at Boston University, when a future pandemic breaks out, public health officials may have a high-production vaccine factory at their disposal. In conjunction with the Fraunhofer USA Center for Molecular Biology in Delaware and the biopharmaceutical company iBio, Inc., the researchers have developed a fully automated “factory” that uses tobacco plants to efficiently produce large quantities of biological medicines within weeks.
This first-of-a-kind plant-based vaccine factory takes advantage of the tobacco plant’s well-understood genetically engineered mechanisms for producing specific proteins within the leaves and stalks. The factory consists of a series of robotically tended machines that plant seeds, nurture the growing plants, insert genetic instructions on what to produce, and harvest the plants at maturity.
The unique plant-based vaccine factory resulted from a three-year collaboration between ENG, iBio, and the Boston and Delaware branches of Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft, Europe’s largest applied research organization.
The factory was designed to be time-, cost-, and space-efficient, and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.627174
Retrieved Text: We all know that the waste battery is can not arbitrarily discarded, readily discard the battery will make water and soil pollution can not be reused, the air can not breathe safely, causing harm to environmental life, So we have to face up to the battery at high risk of contamination.
Lithium iron phosphate battery as a new energy, in the stability, long life, non-polluting advantages are widely used, but it can not be ignored. When the lithium iron phosphate battery runs out, it is best to return to the factory recycling, although this product is a new energy, known as the environment pollution-free, green, but it can not avoid heavy metal pollution problems, but if the random discarded,land hazards Will be great.
BYD Auto claims lithium iron phosphate battery as a power source of zero pollution, so enterprises have great prospects for lithium iron phosphate battery, as a new century energy, Pollution is really a little won't? the answer is negative. Whether it is a general battery or lithium battery, because the battery itself is a chemical substance, when placed into nature with the passage of time the internal material began to break down, when the protection of the shell damage to the internal material leakage, this material is likely to produce influences. If you do not know how to deal with, you can first put away, wait until the opportunity to send to the collection station. In fact, there are also special recycling waste batteries trash, and garbage stations will be classified, can also be sent

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.53122
Retrieved Text: Steel and iron manufacturing giant, B5 Plus Limited, has commenced the construction of what is to be the biggest metal manufacturing factory in Ghana.
The over $80 million project for which a sod was cut on Wednesday, September 12, 2018, forms part of the government’s One District One Factory (1D1F) flagship programme.
The factory, located within Ningo-Prampram District of the Greater Accra Region, is expected to produce different qualities of metal and steel products.
When completed, the mega factory will have the capacity to serve the Ghana & West African sub-region.
The factory is expected to be well positioned to produce various steel products some of which are currently being imported into the country.
It is envisaged that the factory will save Ghana some $100 million in foreign exchange in its first year, with the figure increasing in the subsequent years.
The company, to be built on 377 acres of land is to create about 3,000 direct & indirect jobs and give business opportunities for several retailers.
By December 2018, B5 Plus Limited will begin rolling out the project and latest by 2nd quarter of 2019, the entire factory will be fully operational.
Chief Executive (DCE), for the company to prioritize them for employment opportunities when the factory is completed.
Ghana’s Deputy Minister of Trade and Industry, Carlos Kingsley Ahenkora, in a keynote address at the colorful sod-cutting ceremony, thanked the management of B5 Plus Limited for undertaking such a noble project.
He was emphatic that the factory is going to bring along significant economic development and job opportunities for the teeming unemployed youth, especially those

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.344994
Retrieved Text: If there’s one characteristic found in all successful people, it’s the ability to persevere and overcome obstacles. The ability to take a crisis and turn it into opportunity. Those that struggle with life invariably give up far too quickly. They allow a crisis to overwhelm them.
Creating opportunities out of crisis requires determination. When placed in a crisis with multiple obstacles and little hope, do you push forward or do you give up? The ability to accept the situation makes intelligent action easier.
Focus on solutions. Unsuccessful people are masters at concentrating on their challenges and making them more intimidating than they are. Keep your thoughts on the solutions. You can control your thoughts and emotional response in every situation. Take advantage of this as you deal with a crisis in your life.
The story of Mr. Soichiro Honda is an excellent example of turning crisis into opportunity. In 1938 Mr. Honda invested in a little workshop. There he worked on creating a piston ring. Mr. Honda had invested almost everything in his business. His goal was to sell it to Toyota. But Toyota didn’t like his first piston rings.
Mr. Honda didn’t give up. Two years later he had a new design. Toyota extended a contract for Mr. Honda to produce piston rings.
Now Mr. Honda needed a factory. The Japanese government wouldn’t provide concrete. They were preparing for war. Did this crisis stop Mr. Honda? No. He figured out how to make his concrete. Soon he had his factory producing piston rings for Toyota.
Then came the war. His factory

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.33951
Retrieved Text: We have actually all seen them. They are most typically related to the massive stacks that recognize nuclear power plants. But the truth is that cooling towers with excellent quality cooling tower nozzle are all over, can be found in a range of sizes and shapes for various markets. This article will concentrate on how cooling towers operate and where one would find them throughout world market.
Cooling towers with great quality cooling tower nozzle serve to eliminate byproduct heat from commercial facilities and push it out into the environment. Many plants utilize heat widely in their operations (or their processes produce heat as waste, in accordance with the laws of physics) and this heat must be removed – no one wants to work in a factory that consistently gets up to 500 degrees Fahrenheit. Cooling towers normally either push this heat straight into their air or usage water to at first start the cooling then allow the steam to jet through the towers. The approach utilized is figured out mostly by the nature of the center.
These towers with great quality cooling tower nozzle might be most commonly associated with the big smokestacks of huge factories, power plants, or refineries, but they actually appear in a variety of shapes and sizes. They are defined more by functionality than by building – indicating that they can range anywhere from a little vent at the top of a one room structure to the enormous structures related to the previously mentioned nuclear power. The latter which are referred to as

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.31938
Retrieved Text: For decades, a big trend in manufacturing has been the gradual automation of the factory floor. Robots play a major role in making advanced products today — they're fast, clean and efficient. But Tesla chief executive Elon Musk wants to take this to a whole new level with the factory producing the upcoming, low-cost Model 3, turning "the machine that makes the machine" into an "alien dreadnought."
Not literally. The factory isn't going to become self-aware and turn on its masters; after all, Musk is an avowed skeptic of the kind of general artificial intelligence that could enable killer machines. But the term "alien dreadnought," Musk told analysts on a conference call Wednesday, refers to what the factory will look like once it's fully developed in around five years. Its visage will likely inspire something between wonder and terror.
"It's like, 'What the hell is that?'" said Musk.
The machine will ultimately be so complex that no humans will be expected to operate it directly, or to participate in the actual building of each Model 3.
With Tesla coming under increasing pressure to meet its production targets, Musk's factory will need to move at much greater than "people speed" if it wants to satisfy demand. There'll still be people working in the factory, though, mostly overseeing the robots and making sure everything is running at peak efficiency.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.316887
Retrieved Text: Introduction：This Grey Chipboard Little Size Cardboard Packaging Boxes Suitable For Kinds of Small Gifts Items Packing!
A small size cute paper cardboard box can be used for pack jewelry(earring, rings) and various of other small exquisite gifts present to your friends, lovers, family etc.
Serious attitude pay attention to every detail, our purpose is produce packaging boxes every well, Integrity is our roots, choose us, chose the most suitable factory manufacturer, we looking forward service for you and grow up together!

================



======= Instance Index 434 =========
Input Text: A man is building a cabin in a forested area that receives a lot of snow in the winter. The man would like the cabin to retain heat in the winter so that the cabin stays warm and that it is inexpensive to heat. In order to facilitate this desire, the man lines the walls of his cabin with

Which is the correct answer?
- thermal insulator
- glass
- thermal gravity
- hard plastic

Target Text: thermal insulator

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.10772
Retrieved Text: Montage of 4 photos from Grouse Mountain in the 1920s.
Skiers at Hollyburn Ridge, West Vancouver 1929.
View of Vancouver Ski Club in winter. Club building is a log building with a wood plank roof. A man can be seen near the door under the "Vancouver Ski Club" sign.
View of a log lodge on Hollyburn Mountain, with skiers standing outside.
View of a log lodge on Hollyburn Mountain covered in icicles, with numerous pairs of skis lined up outside.
Hollyburn Mountain ski area in the winter surrounded by snow. Multiple skiers can also be seen in image.
View of the Vancouver Ski Club cabin located on Hollyburn Mountain. The cabin is surrounded by snow. Two pairs of skis are also visible in the foreground.
View of the Vancouver Ski Club cabin located on Hollyburn Mountain. The cabin is surrounded by snow.
Hollyburn Mountain ski area in the winter surrounded by snow. Two skiers can also be seen in image.
Hollyburn Mountain ski area in the winter surrounded by snow. A large wooden jumps can be seen as well as many skiers.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.256763
Retrieved Text: Description This is a rustic cabin on Hollyburn Ridge, Cypress Mountain. There is sleeping room for 8-10 in the loft and two on the main floor. A wood burning stove provides heat. The cabin is a 20 minute hike from the Cypress cross-country skiing parking. There are limited tenting sites in the forest surrounding the cabin in the summer and opportunities for snow shelter building in the winter.
This is a rustic cabin on Hollyburn Ridge, Cypress Mountain. There is sleeping room for 8-10 in the loft and two on the main floor. A wood burning stove provides heat. The cabin is a 20 minute hike from the Cypress cross-country skiing parking. There are limited tenting sites in the forest surrounding the cabin in the summer and opportunities for snow shelter building in the winter. <p>Hollyburn Ridge is a remarkable wilderness area within minutes of Vancouver. The winter months provide opportunities for snowshoeing, tobogganing, and cross-country and downhill skiing in nearby Cypress Provincial Park. When the snow is gone, excellent hiking trails lead to numerous lakes and the peaks of three mountains. Wild flowers, berries, birds and small animals are around in rich variety. <p>As of October 2017, the cabin is being renovated and may be open in spring 2018 pending re-installation of the wood stove and some final inside work on the new construction. They are looking for work parties to help finish the cabin. <p>Hollyburn Cabin #158.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.698666
Retrieved Text: We have a group of 6 planning on spending the night at the Mt. Steele cabin this weekend - saturday night.
Looking forward to it. Thanks for the trip reports.
The Wednesday night ski on Dakota Ridge was beautiful. Clear skies and moonlight. Did not need a headlight. The trails were freshly groomed and fairly fast. Lots of fresh snow! The road is in great shape. Freshly plowed. I think I will go again on Friday evening!
Road was plowed I still used chains as it has ice under layer of compact snow around 6 inches fresh powder at lot. They have moved alot of snow to make road wider. Only saw one other 4x4 up there on way down some nut in 2 wheel drive car was trying to go up I told him don:t bother. Saw lots of fresh critter tracks. Only around 3 inches fresh at 400 parking area.
previous posts as some cabins may have groups going to them.
Large school group going to Edwards 3-4th and there is a group of 6 going to Steele. Also large group from Tet club going to McNair.
Road was plowed Thursday am It should be a great weekend up there. 4x4 and chains at least on front wheels. No Cable chains they only give false sense of traction. Best use Diamond back style chains they are easy to put on and give great traction. Use headlights on logging roads daytime and night. Carry shovels as you might have to dig out.
PLEASE PLEASE POST REPORTS AFTER YOUR TRIP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THANKS to all who

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.423714
Retrieved Text: Invite the whole family along for an adventure to be enjoyed by those of all ages! Boone, NC is home to some thrilling activities, including some of the best snow tubing parks in the area. Book a stay in one of our conveniently located Boone, NC cabin rentals and embark on an adventure of a lifetime that is sure to build memories to last for years to come! Visit one of these three snow tubing parks during your stay this January!
A newly constructed tubing park is now located adjacent to the Alpine Village at the base of the slopes for the 2016-17 season. With chutes up to 700 feet in length, guests of all ages can enjoy a long, thrilling ride down the mountain. The magic carpet conveyor transports riders quickly to the top, and its convenient location offers easy access to ice skating, shopping and dining in the Alpine Village during your visit as well. Make a day of it and explore all that Beech Mountain Resort offers its visitors!
Located on the Sugar Mountain Golf Course, Sugar Mountain Resort tubing area features 700 foot long tubing lanes that are serviced by a Magic Carpet lift for a smooth ride to the top. By offering lights for night tubing, Sugar Mountain really creates a unique, magical opportunity! Session tickets are purchased in the “Ice Skating/Tubing Center” building located between the ice rink and the tubing park and adjacent to the “D” parking lot. As the cold air blows through your hair and the sounds of laughter

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.367176
Retrieved Text: “Has anyone stayed here before?” wonders the friendly park staff inside Arrowhead Provincial Park’s gatehouse, bustling with winter revelers on this sunny January Saturday. I’m here with four friends for a girls’ weekend in the park. We shake our toque-capped heads, no.
Sprawled across over 3,000 acres of thickly forested hills, beaver meadows, quiet lakes and winding rivers just minutes from downtown Huntsville, a charming gateway community to Ontario’s northern wilds, the park is a popular retreat for locals and visitors during all seasons.
Winter at Arrowhead is especially wonderful, with 33 kilometers (just over 20 miles) of groomed cross-country ski trails, snowshoeing, tubing and a one-of-a-kind, 1.3-kilometer ice skating trail through the Muskoka forest.
With so much to do, families can easily fill an adventure-packed weekend without ever leaving the park. In 2015, Arrowhead completed construction on 10 cozy ‘glamping’ cabins so overnight guests can enjoy the starry skies and peaceful quiet that envelop the park after the daytime crowds have gone home.
We step out of the gatehouse back into the dazzling sunshine and crisp cold. Armed with keys to our cabin, trail maps and snow and ice reports—excellent thanks to a recent deep freeze and fresh blanket of the fluffy white stuff—we’re giddy as kids on a snow day. The hardest decision is choosing where to start.
First we click into cross-country skis for a warm-up tour on the moderate Hardwood Hill Trail, a three-kilometer classic loop with great views of the mature maple, beech and aspen forest. Arrowhead is renowned among experienced skiers for offering some of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.03115
Retrieved Text: The Meadow Mountain trail at the Minturn exit along I-70 is interesting, it is super easy access and during the winter caters to many winter activities, including: snowshoeing, cross-country skiing, Telemark skiing, down-hill skiing, snowboarding, toboggining and snowmobiling and add mountain biking and hiking in the summer. I think one of the reasons this area can offer so many different winter activities options is because of its history.
This area was once a lettuce farm, then a private down-hill ski area, so it's ideal for a lot of different options that don't seem to get too much in the way of the other, though snowmobiling is by far the most popular activity. I got there early and only encountered snowmobiles later in the day on the way out. For the most part there were just a couple of cross-country skiers and a few snowshoeing.
This turned out to be about 7.3 miles roundtrip for me and because I did go to the ridge where the old-Line Shack cabin is (which apparently someone is living in), this was a lot of vertical in snowshoes. I tried to stick to the trail via GPS, but at times it made more sense to follow a snowmobile track since nobody had been on parts of the documented trail. The snow is very deep where there are no tracks on the documented trail. I attempted it and sank up to my hips in powder snow.
The weather was a mix of cloudy, light snow, breaks in the clouds to show blue sky then back

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.997444
Retrieved Text: That’s 95 feet of snow – nearly as tall as the Herald Building (101 feet) or the Mount Baker Theatre (100 feet), according to Emporis.com, which archives building information.
Current average snowfall at the ski area is 663 inches, based on a 15-year cycle, Trowbridge said.
Some 421 inches of snow has fallen so far this season, she said.
Trowbridge said daily readings are taken at the 4,300-foot level near the Pro Patrol cabin around Heather Meadows. Observations made by Sno-Cat drivers make sure the readings are 95 percent accurate.
The ski area’s measuring station is linked by telemetry to the Northwest Avalanche Center, which provides forecasts and warnings about snow conditions.
By contrast, Stevens Pass has 229 inches of snow this season, and only 37 inches in the past week.
Trowbridge said skiers and snowboarders have been flocking to Mt. Baker Ski Area this winter because traditional winter recreation destinations such as Colorado, Utah and California are lacking in the fresh powder.
Long range forecasts from the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration indicate that snow is likely to keep falling. Climate models through April show a La Niña pattern holding, with a greater chance of below-normal temperatures and above-normal precipitation for the Pacific Northwest.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.44612
Retrieved Text: The concept of a indoor Winter Garden (greenhouse) is fairly simple. It allows in the radiant heat from the sun, but then traps most of it in the wintergarden so that the interior stays warmer, many times much warmer, than the outside air. However, for those who are looking to install a winter garden or who are just beginning to work in one, there are many things to consider. The materials used and the way plants behave in the winter garden (greenhouse) are among those things that beginning gardeners will need to consider.
The main function of a winter garden is to provide heat and serve as a place to raise plants in an environment where they often would not be able to survive. Often, this is the way flowers and vegetables are raised when they would normally be out of season. It is also a way to have plants for personal use and enjoyment.
In the past, there was only one way to build winter garden and that involved using glass. While glass is still an option for winter garden construction, it is often so prohibitively expensive to the casual gardener that other materials must be used. Polyethylene sheeting, fiberglass and other types of plastics are often common choices for winter gardens. Plastic sheeting is the cheapest, but is also the least durable of materials.
Often, especially in the winter, the amount of light a winter garden receives from the sun is just as important as the heat. Maximize your winter garden’s value by making sure it is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.19752
Retrieved Text: June Lake vicinity, large family cabin - off the grid, forested, authentic. If you've ever wanted to go back in time, here is the perfect opportunity. Self-sufficient utilities, out-house, lanterns, antiques, and a few modern comforts thrown in.
Situated in the largest Jeffery Pine forest in the world, this cabin is perfect for hunting parties, off-road clubs, fishing excursions, college groups, parties, family reunions, etc. For groups we offer logistical services and support to make your next adventure turn-key. Cabin features three bedrooms, full kitchen, large living area, outdoor decks, and group picnic tables with BBQ.
Water service available only June through September, from October through May the cabin is dry and water must be brought in. When water is available it is rationed to 60 gallons per day, extra water may be available for a fee.
Group size limited to 12, for larger groups please call. Unlimited parking with room for trailers.
This cabin is only available through advance reservation and takes considerable preparations during winter. This area of Mono County is the wild west, and is nothing like the modern Hilton Creek cabin that we often rent.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.0655
Retrieved Text: Spent my weekend on a group cabin trip to the mountains…Specifically Monsetertoppen in Hafjell… The nature up there was breathtaking. Freezing temperatures but beautiful snow capped views and a pleasant group made it all worth it… Did not attempt skiing or snow boarding though…I wasn’t reaaaaddyyyy (financially too, haha), went for short hikes with plans in my head for snowboarding the next time I go up there!
Going on cabin trips to the mountains also known as ‘Hyttetur’ in norwegian is a ‘typisk norsk’ thing to do! The cabins up there were lush and beautiful, was most fascinated by the way the people carried on with skiing, snowboarding, hiking, jogging and all in the freezing temperature. Norwegians love their outdoor activities regardless of the weather I have to agree.
We passed by some iconic sites from the 94 winter olympics, like the Fakkelmannen; a felled area in the mountain depicting a man running with the olympic torch. Hafjell is close to Lillehammer the host city for the Winter Olympics in 1994.
Loved it and looking forward to more weekends like this if our wallets allow… If you want to escape from the hustle and bustle of city life wherever it is you live, then a cabin trip up to Norway would be great…to share costs get a couple of other people who share the same vibes as you in on the trip too…Anyways here are the pictures I managed to grab featuring one very lazy bulldog, a happy friend, frozen rivers, a fakkelmann, lots of snow and me!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.945854
Retrieved Text: A few years back, I took the train from Oslo to Bergen in Norway. It is a fabulous ride in rugged landscapes, across mountains and snowy plateaus, next to lakes and glaciers, through tunnels carved out of the rock, and at an altitude of 1200 meters above sea level.
It is in this spectacular landscape that you’ll find cabin Ustaoset by architect Jon Danielsen Aarhus. Building this 72 sqm retreat required the materials to be transported by helicopter and snow scooters, as there are no roads in the area. The place can only be reached by foot, so the owners need good hiking shoes to visit their remote getaway!
Designed with the elements in mind, the oversized eaves keep frost and snow away from the windows during winter. The cabin is made of pine wood, inside and out, with abundant fenestration to enjoy the warmth from the sun and the amazing views of the surroundings. It was built entirely by hand, including the foundations, to minimize the impact on the environment.
Enjoying this cabin? Check out this one, too!
Denmark is beautiful and that property has an excellent location. How very lucky he is.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.82926
Retrieved Text: WINTHROP/West Chewuch: Country cabin, two story, forested lot bordering National Forrest, community riverfront and year-round endless recreation out the door!!! Ideal vacation cabin or full time residence, fully furnished; 2 BDRM, 1 full bath, log rafters and vaulted ceilings, sleeping loft, wood stove, washer & dryer, deck, campfire pit and quick walking access to the river. New septic system, shared well, & power. Only minutes to the snow park, ski trails, and the Western town of Winthrop.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.734528
Retrieved Text: What a Find..In a gated community, very private. River frontage of the South Fork of the Coeur d'Alene river with lots of wildlife, fruit trees, berry bushes and great fishing. Perfect for your dream home or recreational spot. A 244 Sq.Ft. building wired for generator can stay with property for an additional cost. Has a canopy for your storage needs. Seller has put a lot of care into this property. Come take a look for yourself.
3 acres just outside of Pinehurst. Adjacent to Pine Creek and CDA Rails to Trails. Quiet and beautiful! Electricity on property: Elevation Cert completed: 30x40x12 Pole barn started and road into building site.Located in America's Premier Outdoors Destination area. 2 ski resorts: rivers and lakes; thousands of miles of 4wheeling and hiking.Owner/realtor.
Builder Ready! Corner lot just under 1/2 acre, in a quiet cul-de-sac. Located on top of the mountain just above Pinehurst in forested Silver Meadows subdivision. Water and sewer hook up fees are paid and to the property. Minutes to 2 ski resorts, lakes and rivers, as well as thousands of 4wheeling roads. Live and enjoy the best of Idaho's Premier Outdoor's Destination Area!
Builder Ready! Great views or privacy is available with this .58 acre lot in a quiet cul-de-sac. Located on top of the mountain just above Pinehurst in forested Silver Meadows subdivision. Water and sewer hook up fees are paid and to the property. Minutes to 2 ski resorts, lakes and rivers, as well as thousands of 4wheeling roads. Live and enjoy the best of Idaho's Premier Outdoor's

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.328228
Retrieved Text: Beijing-based firm META-Project just unveiled a triangular cabin overlooking Songhua Lake in China’s northeastern Ji Lin province. Located at the top of a steep ski slope, the Stage of Forest lookout – which is clad in Shou-Sugi-Ban wood – peers out over the amazing landscape, and provides a respite for skiers who need a break before swishing down the mountain.
The building is located on the edge of a forested hillside overlooking the Songhua Lake Resort – a popular winter destination. Jutting out over the landscape, the wood and concrete structure is a solemn presence against the snow-covered mountains in wintertime and it’s camouflaged by lush vegetation in the summer months. In addition to providing a place to rest on the slopes, the building will also be used year-round for exhibitions, conferences, workshops, and public and private events.
The building’s “floating” design minimizes its footprint as much as possible. The compact concrete base occupies minimal square footage, while the larger volume provides a spacious interior to enjoy the stunning views.
The building consists of a concrete shell topped with charred cedar shingles, which emit a silvery tone under the sunlight. From the first floor, visitors can climb to an open-air viewing platform clad in untreated red cedar. Oval windows in the ceiling and the floor allow optimal sunlight to enter the structure, while providing a playful peak at what’s “underneath the stage,” as described by the architects.
Beijing-based firm META-Project just unveiled a triangular cabin overlooking Songhua Lake in China's northeastern Ji Lin province. Located at the top of a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.287632
Retrieved Text: A group of Gibsons Venturers (senior Scouts)will be up at Mount Steele this weekend.
Colder temps could see overnight snowfalls at higher levels. Be prepared for changing conditions. If you have been up to Tet or Dakota Please post some info.
It is great when a large group can post info that they will be using a cabin in the Tet. Hope the Scouts can post some info on how trails and cabin and snow levels are.
The SCRD has updated there website for Dakota Ridge it has a 360 degree view from last winter NOT LIVE.
Best Of Banf Fest on Nov 19th great short films by some great outdoors people. Check tetoutdoor.ca site for where to get tickets etc. If you do not go it will not snow.
If you go to bottom of outdoor reports you can read and see pics from last year and years before. Nov 7th last year there was 3 inches at Tet parking lot and 2-3 ft up top. If you have been up please post a report and some pics.
appears snow level is down around 2000 ft or so. Not much snow but it is a start.
If you have been up and have any news please share it.
We had a great trip into the Tet. The road to the lower lot is in great shape and the road to the upper lot is the same as usual :-) We had a dry but overcast day for our hike up. We ended up staying at Edwards Lake Cabin as one of our group

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.1849
Retrieved Text: Located in beautiful Grand County, Colorado, Winter Park is a breathtaking small town located just 67 miles away from Denver. And it’s one of the snowiest regions too! Winter Park receives snow 6 out of seven months a year, accounting for over 160 inches of snowfall annually. Scottish Home Improvements offers a variety of energy efficient window and siding solutions that can help keep Winter Park homes and residents comfortable year round and save money on heating and cooling costs. We’ve been Winter Park’s trusted contractor for over 20 years and have a vast amount of experience with both residential and commercial work. Whether you need new siding for your cabin or townhome or are looking for window replacements, we can provide you with the service you need.
When it comes to deciding what siding is best for your Winter Park home, it’s important to think about the quality of the siding you’re installing and whether or not it will be able to endure the mountain weather. While some siding options may seem attractive due to their appearance, they may not hold up well against the snow, rain, and high altitude sun that Winter Park commonly experiences.
At Scottish Home Improvements, we carry only the highest quality siding from reputable brands. Our cedar, vinyl, steel, and fiber cement siding is incredibly strong and durable. When you work with us, we’ll partner you up with one of our experienced designers who will help you select the right type of siding based on the architectural appearance of your home as

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.591572
Retrieved Text: You probably have a lof of money, you think that you can buy anything. If you think so, why do not you build a rustic cabin in a far away village? In this case you can build such a small cabin with preferable design. Cabin is a simple house which uses wooden material to build it. Thus, the writer would like to discuss about building small rustic cabin plan.
The first thing that you have to pay attention before you build a rustic cabin is choosing the best spot for the building. In this case you can choose the place like where it should be build. For example, you might like to build rustic cabin around the forest or in the area which has snow season. Perhaps, you are bored with the intense area, you should choose the cold area to build your cabin. You probably like the green natural environmet. In this case, you would better to build a rustic cabin at your garden. Or you may like the best spot like building a rustic cabin on a big river. You can call this cabin as floating cabin.
After choosing a place for your rustic cabin, you are now going to the cabin design. how would you cabin look like? You should prepare your cabin as you wish. For example, you might like a rustic cabin with simple design and has blue roofing concept. You can see the sample in the picture which the cabin is built on a river. The concept of the cabin is quite

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.351002
Retrieved Text: Only 10 minutes away from downtown Minneapolis, Theodore Wirth Park offers over 20 miles of Nordic ski trails for the inexperienced and advanced skier. With quiet, forested trails and views of the Minneapolis skyline, you can’t go wrong spending a day on the ski trails.
Yes. Must have a daily or annual Theodore Wirth ski permit on you while skiing. Free parking available at Wirth Lake parking lot and Theodore Wirth ski rental building.
When Forbes Magazine considered Minneapolis 2014’s healthiest city in the USA, many people were surprised. From an outside perspective, the harsh winters make people believe that the Twin Cities becomes a dark, desolate place. And yes, there are times when Minnesotans do hole up in their homes, but often times, even during a bitter, cold day, you will find people in Theodore Wirth Park getting their hearts pumping.
Not that many cities can boast about having over 20 miles of designated ski trails within the city limits. That is what sets Minneapolis apart from other cities, all thanks to the 760-acre Theodore Wirth Park. There is a designated winter recreation area that features trails nestled within an urban forest. These trails are mostly used for Nordic or skate skiing, but skijoring is becoming much more popular in the last few years. The park also offers hills for snowboarding and tubing.
In the most northern section, the trails are hillier and offer skilled skiers sharp twists and turns through open fields and woody meadows. During the summer, this area is a golf course, which explains the rolling

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.295944
Retrieved Text: A forested section near the White Pines trail head.
So I did a story on McDade Trail in the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area on the PA side. And I realize that this is the Jersey Philes, but I felt it was close enough to qualify for this blog, being that most of the park IS on the Jersey side. Besides, I’m from New Jersey, so…Anyway, it’s my blog and I’ll blog what I want to.
McDade Trail in the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area is one of those trails that has something for just about everyone. Spanning 31 miles along the Delaware River, it runs the gamut from easy to challenging and offers scenic river views, shady forested areas, wide open farm fields and bustling wetlands. It even throws in some history for good measure. A map can be downloaded from http://www.nps.gov/dewa, or you can pick one up from park headquarters.
The first section of the trail opened in 2002 and extended from Smithfield Beach to the Riverview trailhead to the north. Later that year, it was extended southward to the Hialeah Picnic Area. It now stretches north, all the way to Milford Beach.
From a photographic viewpoint, every season on the trail offers something different, and this time of year can be somewhat schizophrenic. If there is no snow on the ground, things can seem rather dull, lifeless and bleak. However, if you allow yourself to see what’s around you, you may find that there is a lot more color and life than you imagined. Read

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.233927
Retrieved Text: Also known as the ï¿½Beaver Stateï¿½, Oregon has hunting land for sale or for lease all across the ninety-seven thousand square miles of area. From woodland to mountainous property can be found in the state. Great for building a hunting lodge or cabin, the Oregon land for sale or land that is for lease can offer much to the hunter.
The Oregon land has three mountain ranges, which are the Cascades, the Coast Range and the Blue Mountains. These are great areas for buying hunting land or for leasing land. The property for sale can be great for planning a hunting trip. The rest of the state has many wooded areas and covers much of Oregon.
The land is bordered by the Pacific Ocean, Washington, Idaho, Nevada, and California. Oregon property for sale or for lease can be found in many unique locations and each can offer a challenge for most hunters.
The climate is governed by the Pacific Ocean, which drives warm winds into Oregon. The average temperature in the summer is sixty three degrees and the average temperature in winter is 42 degrees along the coastal areas. The temperature changes to the extremes east of the Cascades and can be harsh. The high altitudes in the mountains can offer heavy snow from the moist winds that are sent over them from the Pacific Ocean, so land for sale or for lease can offer some heavy snow in the winter months.
Oregon hunting land for sale or for lease can offer a large range of big game, small game,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.149338
Retrieved Text: A community well, mature trees and MINIMAL CC&R's makes this lot attractive for the buyer with several building alternatives. Located in beautiful Fox Creek Canyon with quick access to the Fox Creek Trailhead.
2.5-acre lots with rock-free topsoil and water rights in the foothills of the Big Hole Range, 5.5 miles west of Driggs on Bates(Ski Hill) Road. Entire subdivision is currently farmed, which manages noxious weeds and supplements HOA. Purchase two adjoining lots to retain agriculture exemption until built upon. Horses allowed on 2 adjoining lots.
80 acres across the street from Teton Springs Golf Resort in Victor. Highly sought after location with not many large parcels still being farmed & therefor few are available for development.Located in the Victor City Impact area, City water and sewer lines are nearby-Golf Vista Subdivision across county Road 500 West is served by Victor City Water and Sewer. Also included are 75 shares of Trail Creek Sprinkler CO. irrigation water rights. Low Taxes, because the property is currently leased to a farmer. Fronted on two sides by chip sealed county roads, this property has easy access and is only 30 minutes to Jackson Hole. Summer photos represent the area and were taking from adjacent properties due to winter conditions.
3.76 Acres in the heart of Victor, ID -- Located on Center St, just west of the only stop light, this property features a cabin on 1-acre zoned Neighborhood Mixed Use and a vacant 2.76-acre building site zoned Residential Multi-family (high density). The 1,005 sq ft cabin was built in 1980 and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.891146
Retrieved Text: Snow Cabin Rentals In Colorado is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at December 19, 2018 upload by Syaifuddin in cabin.
Description: Snow Cabin Rentals In Colorado from the above 768x514 resolutions which is part of the cabin. Download this image for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
Curl up in your cozy winter cocoon with a mug of hot cocoa with a winter log cabin rental in Colorado.
Explore an array of Colorado, US vacation rentals, including Condos/Apartments,. Mountainous areas see sub-zero temperatures and heavy snowfall in winter, .
Explore a large selection of vacation rentals, including Condos/Apartments, Houses & more: over 10000 properties for. Sunshine and snow over Colorado.
Dec 20, 2018 – Rent Cabins in Colorado, United States from $20/night. Find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries. Belong anywhere with .
Colorado. Luxury Vacation Rentals, World-Class Service. Get help finding your villa. 1.877.993.0100. 2920 guests are currently working with our team of experts.
Want the finest Winter Park vacation rentals, $200 of FREE activities daily,. Grand County, Colorado's top destination for year-round fun and adventure!
What better way to enjoy the beauty of Colorado than a stay in a Colorado Mountain Cabin? Colorado Mountain Cabins and vacation rentals is a network of .
Colorado Vacation Rentals. Local support, A+ BBB Accredited.. Colorado Vacation Rentals. 1-42 of 747 rentals. . Snow Circle Lodge · $158 – $493 per night.
Whether you're traveling with a big group

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.873175
Retrieved Text: Don't miss out on this beautiful home just off the Parks Highway north of the village of Nenana. A great, move-in ready home with acreage for all your hobbies. This property has easy access to the Minto Flats and is ideally located for a dog team, horses, chickens, goats, or a large garden. Access to all the great things Alaska has to offer right outside your front door! Added bonus, there are no property taxes with this home!!! If you want privacy and access to trails and hunting areas, but still be close enough to Fairbanks for shopping and work this is the home for you.
Great location just north of Nenana. Lots of road frontage on both sides of the Parks Highway . Could be a great location for either a business, commercial gravel pit or new subdivision.
Nearly 27 acres along the Kantishna River, 1,100 ft. river frontage, sandbar area for docking a boat of float plane. There is a homesite already partially cleared with a cache! Great location for Summer/Winter cabin. Mature White Spruce Forest for on-site building material. 30 minute flight from Fairbanks. River boat in summer or snow machine access in winter. Denali views!! Take a look! ADL 403330!
If you are looking for a good size property that offers both residential and business opportunities, this could be it! The 3 acre property has a double wide manufactured home, a beautiful 24x20 one room log building that was once operated as a gift shop, and a large heated shop building. Located in the Yukon-Koyukuk

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.688652
Retrieved Text: Cabin Geilo is a Norwegian traditional retreat designed by Lund Hagem, an architecture and urban design practice based in Oslo, Norway.
Situated at 982 meters above sea level, this cabin has harsh winter conditions and heavy snowfall. The site has a panoramic view overlooking the valley of Geilo. During winter the cabin is only accessible with ski or snowmobile.
The cabin consists of three volumes; the main cabin, guest house and carport connected under a u-shaped pitched roof creating a sheltered inner courtyard. This south-facing courtyard allows the low winter sun to enter during the day. The outer geometry is formed by the important views and the adaption to the landscape. The cabin is placed as low as possible in the landscape and during winter is almost covered in snow.
The facades facing the terrain are made of concrete. The rest of the cabin is a wood construction, painted black as the traditional buildings in the area. The concrete formwork is made out of the same dimensions as the timber cladding. The concrete is tinted black.
The materials inside are black concrete floors and oak treated with iron sulphate. The dark tone allows the nature outside to come closer and a darkness that contrasts the white winter landscape. A long single frame skylight placed at the top of the roof and a fireplace hanging from the roof are other sources of light.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.656685
Retrieved Text: Yosemite is in our blood. We’ve been here many times, different season. But winter is our favorite. Less crowds to enjoy and be with nature. Yosemite is already amazing, and winter is even more than amazing, it’s a winter wonderland. This is our second time to be here on Christmas day.
We are not a sophisticated/stylish traveler. We can sleep even in the car only. On Christmas day, we come to visit our favorite place. We’ve been dreaming of a snow time in Yosemite, and this year wish granted. It just snowed few days before our arrival. Yosemite Valley was covered with snow, fresh powder snow. The landscape is awesome, like you were in a postcard or in the movie Frozen.
Curry Village is the best affordable accommodation in Yosemite during winter. We stayed in a heated tent cabin for five nights. Our cabin area was full of snow, and partly on the roof .
We spotted Coyotes. Coyotes are visible in many locations. We also spotted a fox, jumping in the snow, probably hunting for food underneath the snow.
After 5 days at Yosemite, visiting the beautiful areas in the valley, Mirror Lake, Lower Yosemite Falls, Sentinel Bridge, and more, we only have seen the easy to go places.The beauty of Yosemite Valley is amazing. A photographer would be happy to be here for weeks or months, but for us we wanted to be there for a lifetime.
So nice to be there and experience the beauty of nature.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.648426
Retrieved Text: Enjoy huskie rides, snow shoeing and at night time drive your snowmobile on a safari to dine in a cabin in the forest wilderness. Jump on an ice breaker ship and do a ‘dry suit’ swim in the frozen Baltic Sea. Stay in Santa’s cottages, Kemi’s extraordinary Glass Villas and an amazing Ice Hotel. Visit an Ice castle, dine in an Ice restaurant and gaze in awe at the Aurora Borealis – the Northern Lights - dancing a slow ballet above you…. what an adventure!
Your tour commences this evening in cosmopolitan Helsinki. Before dinner, enjoy a welcome drink in the hotel with your Tour Manager and fellow Arctic Adventurers.
Today we fly north to Rovaniemi – the gateway city to Lapland. First, we visit the award winning Arktikum Museum of Science and Lapland Culture to learn about the mysterious Aurora Borealis and the indigenous Sami people. Afterwards, ‘My Time’ to explore Rovaniemi. We spend the next two nights in Santa Claus’ village, located literally on the Arctic Circle. Far from corny, this is such a great place to stay and here you will be amazed to discover a whole township of shops, wooden cabins, bars, restaurants. Dinner tonight is in the 3 Elves restaurant.
Dressed in Arctic weather clothing – rather like big quilted boiler suits, boots, hats and mittens – we visit the Arctic Reindeer Centre. Sitting beside a log fire in a large wooden igloo you will enjoy a warm drink and a ‘reindeer’ talk before learning to drive your own sleigh (two people per sleigh)

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.6368
Retrieved Text: Everyone loves a good snow day, as someone who spent their childhood in southern California, a snow day was more of a dream than a reality, but with the magic of event production and a commercial grade snowmachine, that dream can be made into a reality for just about anyone, anywhere. Whether you’re looking to spend a week in a snowy cabin bonding with your team, hosting a whiskey tasting with a side of sledding, or just looking for a spontaneous day of winter fun in your area, there is a snow day reality for you and your guests.
There are numerous ways to bring excitement and nostalgia of a fresh snow day to you and your guests. Whether it be finding the perfect winter cabin for your snow day retreat, renting out the best sledding slopes or snow tubing tracks, or even bringing the snow to you with our commercial grade snow machine you can experience the joys of winter no matter what.
Of course, aside from the snow and the sleds or snow innertubes, there are the rest of the rentals that truly make a snow day shine. From inflatable pop up pubs, tents of all sizes, lights, sound systems, outdoor inflatable screens for watching movies, and of course the very important patio heating, everything can be delivered and set up on sight so the only thing your guests need to worry about is who can get down the sledding run the fastest.
The perfect snow day could be anywhere, it can be brought to you and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.599035
Retrieved Text: #49176419 - Crystal snowball transparent and isolated. Vector eps10.
#57991648 - Scared woman running from a huge rolling ball of possessions,..
#33772626 - Winter fun. Cheerful kids throwing snowballs. Snow fight.
#23261978 - Realistic retro beige Christmas snow globe. EPS10 vector.
#68319468 - Vector winter illustration of small children mold snowmen, playing..
#41201361 - Funny little girl having fun in beautiful winter park during..
#92651238 - Young happy family playing snowball fight and having fun in snow..
#44765797 - Two funny adorable little sisters building a snowman together..
#40899271 - Merry christmas glass ball with snowman and children playing..
#89558975 - Vector glass Christmas snow globe isolated on a white background.
#110492086 - Snowballs. Snow boules for christmas winter fight, february holiday..
#106645434 - Snowball splats. Thrown snow balls isolated on white background,..
#22336202 - abstract dark and light brown reindeer and Santa Claus on special..
#92132312 - A girl throwing a snowball isolated on white. coloring outline.
#83992304 - Happy son and smiling mother playing in the snow with father.
#90236201 - Group of friends on winter holidays – Happy skiers lying on..
#68180292 - A set of vector icons of small children mold snowmen, playing..
#110664773 - Carefree friends enjoying snowball fight: cheerful excited young..
#86140839 - Snowman with shovel. Christmas or xmas decoration. New year snowman..
#110664763 - Cheerful young friends throwing snowballs at carefree girl in..
#34276619 - Three happy kids in a snowball fight, during a winter snowy snow..
#110028326 - Merry Christmas and Happy New Year 2019 golden pig, gold snowflakes..
#90236209 - Group of friends on winter holidays – smiling skiers having..
#87969814 - Children build snowman. Kids building snow man playing

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.51044
Retrieved Text: The Bear Cave cabin guarantees convenience and comfort for any season. Located just steps away from Snow Summit which allows easy access to indulge in snow play or winter skiing. Summits vast array of slopes also proves functional during other seasons of the year offering mountain biking. Also, the location of this cabin is conveniently near a variety of exciting activities, markets, and restaurants making this cabin the perfect choice whether you are a couple or family.
Once inside this two story home the Bear Cave offers spacious rooms, thoughtfully appointed and handsomely decorated. The sectional sofa in the living room is situated perfectly to enjoy the view of a warmly lit hearth on a chilly summer eve or cold winter day. A large flat screen HD TV is a highlight offering "Apple" subscription service and DVD. The area is spacious for those who wish to watch movies or socialize.
For additional indoor entertainment there's a small game room on the entry level with a foosball table.
The dining area offers dining for six including the breakfast bar stools. The spacious kitchen comes completely stocked with cookware and appliances in order to conveniently prepare light snacks or heavy holiday meals.
There are three comfortable bedrooms all located on the upper level. The Master suite includes access to a private bath and has its own TV with DVD. The two guest quarters include their own TV and DVD. There is a shared guest bathroom.
Also part of the upper floor is a loft area that has a desk as well as a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.501455
Retrieved Text: I have been away at our cabin for the last ten days. This has been a wonderful retreat for me, destressing and refilling my well being. My wonderful husband allowed me to sew until I couldn't sew anymore. That happened only one day though. (he-he) We had a wonderful time.
This is the front of our cabin, and the little machine on the left is one of the things that kept my husband happy and well occupied while I did the sewing thing. I hadn't started any projects for our quilt show in November, so I have a lot of catching up to do.
This is a side view of the cabin that was just finished this past October during the fall season. The bedroom is the area on the right. I just love this place. It is a total get away for us. It is very small, but intended to not cause us too much work or cost to maintain. My very talented husband did all of the work of designing and building this last year.
This is the view from our livingroom window. It changes with every season and never ceases to amaze me with its beauty and serenity.
This is the main room, Kitchen and livingroom area from one direction. We have all of the comforts of home here.
This is another view of the main room.
This is our diningroom table which 95% of the time had a sewing machine on it and an ironing board set up next to it. I go mellow all over just thinking

================



======= Instance Index 315 =========
Input Text: electrical current does what to a wire to cause it to heat up

Which is the correct answer?
- carry it
- merge with it
- run from it
- traverse it

Target Text: traverse it

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.025185
Retrieved Text: The National Electrical Code (NEC), in partnership with the National Fire Protection Association (NFPA), monitors the safety of electrical wiring in the United States. Electricity is essential to everyday life, but wiring faults can cause wires to melt, resulting in fires.
Incorrect wiring can cause wired connections to melt.
Short circuits occur when a live wire comes into direct contact with a neutral wire. If this happens, a fuse generally blows, cutting the electrical supply before an electrical connection melts. However, if the fuse does not blow and electricity continues to flow, the wires will get hot. The heat will then melt the outer plastic coating, which may cause it to catch on fire.
When you turn on an electrical appliance, current is drawn through the wires and connections. The more energy the appliance requires, the more current that flows. If the flow of current exceeds the wire's specifications, the internal wire starts to heat up. Continued use of the appliance exacerbates the situation and may eventually cause the outer plastic coating and connections to melt.
Electricity flowing through a wire creates a magnetic electric field current. You generally cannot see, hear or feel it. However, you may have noticed a buzzing sound that comes from the large overhead electricity cables. The electrical field current makes this sound. A coil of wire, such as an extension lead, increases the magnetic electrical field current. The result is the production of heat. The wire then gets hotter, making the outer plastic coating soft (and therefore weaker), which strengthens the electrical field, eventually

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.794914
Retrieved Text: Includes 16 courses for $499/year.
The full course is 18 minutes long and available in a number of affordable formats.
Switches are used to open and close electrical circuits when turning lights on and off.
LEDs are semiconductors that generate light when an electrical current is added to them.
Fluorescent bulbs work by sending electrical currents through tubes filled with gases.
All workplaces depend on high quality lighting. In addition to providing illumination of workspaces, good lighting also plays a role in enhancing employee satisfaction and performance, as well as providing general comfort and safety. It reduces the risk of eye strain and any of the physical symptoms that accompany it, including headaches or neck pain. In the industrial setting, lighting does all this, plus it provides clear visual indication of functions, and control of various processes. This module will describe different types of lights and their common uses.
What's the purpose of lighting in an industrial facility?
Lighting is typically used to illuminate the workplace, to give a visual indication of events occurring in the industrial process, and to control processes in electrical control circuitry.
How does an incandescent bulb work?
Incandescent bulbs uses heat caused by an electrical current to generate light. When electrical current passes through a wire, it causes the wire to heat up. The wire, or filament, gets so hot that it glows and gives off light.
When are High Intensity Discharge (HID) lamps used?
HID lamps are used when high levels of light are required over large areas, and when energy efficiency and long life are desired.
What is a lighting contactor?
A

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.779526
Retrieved Text: Click on the text below to view helpful decorating and lighting tips.
Parallel wiring is used in the majority of Christmas lights today. With parallel wiring each light bulb has more than one electrical path to follow. When the electric current exits a light bulb the current follows two or more electrical paths before returning to the original electrical source. The parallel wiring system has two electric wires and each light bulb has both a positive and negative wire connection. With parallel lights if one bulb burns out the rest of the bulbs stay lighted. One cause of overheated lights is burned out bulbs. You should always replace any burned out bulbs promptly. When replacing any bulb use the same wattage replacement bulb as the original bulb.
The voltage of electricity flowing through the wire does not change when additional sets of lights are added. The amount of watts being used does change when additional light sets are added. The additional lights increase the wattage and the amount of current that flows through each light bulb. Another cause of overheating is there is too much current flowing through the electrical wires and bulbs. This overheating will cause the light bulbs to burn out sooner. The overheating of the electrical wires may also cause electrical fires. To prevent overheating most Christmas lights today have fuses which limits the current that passes through the light strands.
Make sure that you do not use indoor lights outdoors. Make sure the lights are marked for outdoor use. When using outdoor Christmas lights make

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.6547
Retrieved Text: Why does my car amp keep blowing fuses?
If the fuse on your power amplifier is blowing, it is important to figure out why. Not only could the amplifier be damaged, but faulty connections may cause dangerous electrical shorts which could result in a fire. If none of the suggestions below seems to pertain to your situation, have a professional stereo shop check out the amplifier.
If the amp fuse keeps blowing, the power wire--the wire that goes to the battery or a hot connection--may be grounding out. That fuse exists for just this purpose--to blow before the internals of the amplifier become ruined. It is made to fail so that the more expensive components stay intact.
If the ground wire is not fully connected, or the wire is damaged, spikes could cause the fuse to fail. Trace the ground wire (almost always black for audio amplifiers) to where it is attached to the chassis, inspecting for kinks, tears and other damage. If the wire appears in decent shape, inspect the connection point. If the ground itself is loose and allowed to move in the slightest, it could cause the fuse to blow or the amplifier to shut off.
If the power wire is too small in diameter or damaged, it could cause an abundance of resistance, which creates heat, which in turn makes the amp work harder. The extra heat from the resistance could cause the amplifier's internal safety to kick on, popping the fuse. Inspect the power wire to the amp, and make sure it is at least

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.52441
Retrieved Text: Although many metals are TIG welded, the metal most frequently associated with the process is aluminum, especially with metals of a smaller thickness. Many other processes, of course, can join aluminum, but in the lighter gauges the most applicable process is TIG. The popularity of aluminum in automotive applications has brought TIG welding to a new golden age. Mechanically strong and visually appealing, TIG welding is the number one process chosen by professional welders for professional racing teams, and the avid auto enthusiast or hobbyist.
The process is well suited for aluminum, but there are a few characteristics of the metal that bring up points that must be considered if this material is to be welded with consistent ease and quality. The pure metal has a melting point less than 1200ºF and does not exhibit the color changes before melting so characteristic of most metals. For this reason, aluminum does not tell you when it is hot or ready to melt. The oxide or "skin" that forms so rapidly on its surface has a melting point almost three times as high (3200º+F). To add to this confusion, aluminum even boils at a lower temperature (2880ºF) than this oxide melts. The oxide is also heavier than aluminum and, when melted, tends to sink or be trapped in the molten aluminum. For these reasons, it is easy to see why as much as possible of this oxide "skin" must be removed before welding. Luckily, the reverse polarity half of the AC arc does an outstanding job of cleaning off

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.081738
Retrieved Text: You Are Here : Home » Learn » Science » Physics » Who discovered Electricity?
Electricity is a form of energy that makes objects light up or move. The rapid movement of electrons against the protons and neutrons in an atom causes electricity. Electricity reaches our homes through the electrical wires and poles installed outside our houses.
No one person can be said to have discovered electricity. Benjamin Franklin supposedly did an experiment to show lightning was electrical. He tied a metal key to a kite and let it fly during a thunderstorm. When electricity from the storm clouds flowed down the wet kite string and hit the metal, he got an electrical shock. He invented the lightning rod, which was the first practical application of electricity.
Alessandro Volta discovered that electricity flowed when pieces of copper and zinc (that were soaked in salt water and separated by cardboard) were connected to a copper wire. He invented the battery.
What would happen if you moved a magnet through a wire? Electricity would be generated in the wire. Michael Faraday discovered this, called electromagnetic induction, and used it to invent the generator.
Similarly, many others contributed to the development of electricity.
Fuel is burnt to heat water. In turbines (big fans), heat changes water into steam, which spins the engine and electricity is generated.
Current Electricity – Electrons pass through metals to generate electricity. When you turn off the switch, the flow stops.
Electricity travels at the speed of light.
Electricity plays a part in the beating of your heart.
Electric eels can produce shocks of 500

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.823357
Retrieved Text: Definition - What does Overvoltage Protection mean?
Overvoltage protection is the process of securing an electrical system from the possible damages that may be caused by overvoltage through the use of devices like arcing horns attached to transmission lines and Zener diodes for electronic circuits. Overvoltage is a condition wherein the voltage in a circuit quickly jumps to its upper design limit owing to a phenomenon like a power surge from lightning strikes.
Overvoltage protection is an essential part of any electrical and electronic system. It ensures that the system runs as designed and undamaged despite changes in external conditions, specifically those that cause overvoltage and power surges. Typical causes of overvoltage include natural events such as lightning strikes, man-made sources such as inductive loads like motors and electromagnets, and electromagnetic pulses. All of these cause the voltage and current level within a circuit to spike, which may damage some of its parts, and for electronic circuits requiring only miniscule amounts of voltage, a spike could fry most of the sensitive components like the microchips.
In bigger electrical systems like the power grid itself, there must also be a good level of overvoltage protection. In high-tension transmission lines, for example, events such as a power surge or overvoltage can cause the electric field to exceed the dielectric strength or resistivity of air, causing electricity to arc between conductors or wires and over the insulators. This causes extreme flashes of heat that could melt the insulators and damage the wire; it also causes short circuits. In this case, arcing horns

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.808891
Retrieved Text: Fuses and circuit breakers will stop the electricity in a wire when the load is excessive or there is a short circuit. They prevent overheating of wires from too much electricity trying to flow through a wire that is not large enough to handle it.
Ground fault interrupters (GFI or GFCI) were a major advancement in electrical protection. These devices detect any imbalance in electrical flow, such as when electricity goes down one wire, but rather than coming back the other wire, goes off somewhere else, like through a human. They are so good at preventing shocks that they are now required in all high moisture areas, like outdoors and in bathrooms.
But there has been one other electrical problem that there was no device to protect against until now -- ARC FAULT.
An arc fault is a little spark between two wires caused by scraped insulation, by a staple too tight to the wire, by a nail just barely striking a wire when you hang a picture on the wall, or any other sparking that does not cause a short circuit. If the spark is major, the circuit breaker will sense an overload and cut the current. But a large number of house fires are started by small sparks that can start a simmering fire, and until now there was no device to detect these arc faults.
The only way to detect this problem is to have a small computer chip continuously studying the nature of the electrical current. Sparks give off an electrical "signature", and after a lot

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.741316
Retrieved Text: Choose your wire carefully. Never use solid wire on a boat. Wave or motor induced oscillations eventually fracture solid wire. Boat wiring must have the flexibility stranding provides. Boatbuilders save a few dollars using Type 2 wire, but a boatowner should use only the most flexible wire, called Type 3.
The wire must be copper, but even copper corrodes in the marine environment, and corrosion is the primary cause of electrical failures on a boat. Plating each strand of the wire with a thin coat of tin — called tinning — dramatically improves corrosion resistance. The additional cost of tinned wire is nominal, the benefits substantial. Under normal circumstances use only tinned wire.
Stranded single-conductor wire is called hook-up or primary wire. Since most after-construction wiring requires two wires, duplex wire is more convenient and provides the added safety of a second layer of insulation. The best choice for most 12-volt wiring projects is duplex safety wire, where the twin conductors are red (positive) and yellow (ground). Making the ground wire yellow rather than black reduces the likelihood of confusing a DC ground wire with an AC hot wire, also black.
In recent years wire designed for the marine environment has become widely available to boatowners. This wire is known as Boat Cable. Unfortunately the Underwriter's Laboratories standard that defines Boat Cable, UL 1426, is less stringent than commonly thought. Boat Cable can be Type 2, tinning is not a requirement, and the heat rating of the insulation can be quite low. When you select Boat Cable, Type 3

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.298092
Retrieved Text: Now that how an alternator produces electricity with the interaction of the stator and rotor has been discussed, how alternating current produced by the stator and rotor is corrected to direct current will be examined.
The device that changes alternating current to direct current has various names, such as diode trio, rectifier, or simply diodes. A diode is a one way electrical door that allows electrical energy to flow in one direction only. The rectifier is the device that contains as many as eight diodes, but usually only six, half of which are positive and the other half are negative. The positive diodes are insulated from the alternator. The negative diodes are not insulated. Because there is such a great deal electrical energy flow through the diodes causing excessive heat buildup, the rectifier may have a heat sink also. Since the stator has three separate windings, three phases of sine wave current or alternating current are produced. To rectify the sine wave or alternating current to direct current each individual winding has a positive diode connected on one end and a negative diode connected on the other end. Once the alternating current has been rectified to direct current through the diodes, or rectifier bridge, the current, or electrical energy, leaves the alternator through the battery term to the rest of the electrical demand on the vehicle. This process is known as full wave rectification.
Diodes can fail to function properly. A diode can become shorted or open. An open diode will cause one phase or winding of the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.283884
Retrieved Text: Over the years, induction cookers have come to be the preferred cooking method in many homes. The various benefits of induction cooking such as reduced dangers of burns, faster cooking and energy efficiency, have appealed to many people. But how exactly does an induction cooker work such that it is so different in function from electric and gas cookers?
Before discussing the workings of an induction cooker, it is important to understand how different it is from other cooking equipment. While electric coils and gas cookers apply a hot surface or open flame to the bottom side of the cooking vessel, an induction cooker heats the whole cookware uniformly. The cooking equipment itself does not get hot. It achieves its function by making use of electromagnetism. This requires special cookware. Don’t worry though, there are plenty of cookware sets out there that work with your induction cooktop.
Electricity and magnetism can interact in a number of ways. A force that governs this interaction between magnetic fields and electrical fields is referred to as electromagnetism and is one of the main four forces found in nature. Induction cooking is based on the principle of induction where a current (alternating not direct) moving through a closed circuit creates another alternating current in a different circuit placed in close proximity.
To understand how this happens, there are three important aspects of electricity you need to understand. The first is that any electrical current flowing in a circuit will create a magnetic field around the circuit. Alternate currents lead to the creation of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.259123
Retrieved Text: One of the most neglected parts of old tractors is the wiring. After sitting in the elements for half a century or more much equipment wiring has deteriorated to sparsely covered strands of copper or other metal. Plastic insulation has cracked, mice have eaten through the older clothed style coverings and the exposed wires have reacted to winter moisture and salts by turning blue and powdery. Terminal ends have corroded, rusted or just plain evaporated away. Aged wires not only keep an engine from running but also pose a safety and fire hazard for the operator. Let�s take a brief look at wiring and what to do with it when it goes bad.
Most tractors need electricity to run. Diesel engines require vast electrical reserves for operating their huge starters. Gasoline motors need an electrical spark to ignite the gas/fuel mixture. Electricity operates the gauges, lighting features, and other tractor components. The transfer of electricity from the battery or generator to the energy consuming parts requires the use of some sort of transportation vehicle. That vehicle is wiring.
Wiring comes in all shapes, sizes and colors. Primary wiring transfers the battery voltage. It carries the 6, 12, or 24 battery voltage on the tractor. This wiring has ample insulation and wire content to carry the heavy currents from the starter to the battery and elsewhere on the unit. Secondary wiring is the conduit for high voltage in the ignition high-tension circuit. Its heavy layer of insulation gives protection against potential voltage leakage that causes cross firing between spark

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.209732
Retrieved Text: Approximately 350 electrical-related fatalities occur each year.
Operating an electrical switch is like turning on a water faucet. Behind the faucet (or switch) there is a source of water (or electricity), a way to transport it, and pressure to make it flow. The faucet's water source is a reservoir or pumping station. A pump provides enough pressure for the water to travel through the pipes. The switch's electrical source is a power generating station. A generator provides the pressure for the electrical current to travel through electrical conductors, or wires.
Three factors determine the resistance of a substance to the flow of electricity.
Substances with very little resistance to the flow of electricity are called conductors. Examples are metals. Substances with a high resistance to the flow of electricity are called insulators. Examples are glass, porcelain, plastic, and dry wood.
Pure water is a poor conductor of electricity, but small amounts of impurities, such as salt and acid, make it a ready conductor. Perspiration contains both water, salts, and impurities. When the skin is dry, it is a poor conductor of electrical current. When it is moist, it readily conducts electricity. Use extreme caution when working with electricity where there is water in the environment or on the skin. This concept applies to other items such as wood. When wood is dry it is a poor conductor, when wet wood conducts electricity more readily.
Both wires of an energized circuit.
One wire of an energized circuit and the ground.
A metallic part in contact with an energized wire while the person is also

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.12378
Retrieved Text: Home » Blog » Sparking Outlets: Are They Dangerous?
Are you wondering why your outlet suddenly sparks when you plug in an appliance? It may sound like a normal event to some, but it’s still better to be extra cautious and know why this happens. Sparks are early warning signs of dangerous electrical problems.
Current runs continuously through the connected loops of your home’s electrical circuits. The only place that allows for the current to hop on is on the outlet itself. This happens when the plug and outlet are almost touching, and there’s a split second when the electrical current reach the gap and produce a spark.
Even if you feel like no spark happened, it does every time actually as part of the normal operation. However, not all sparks are normal and safe; there are also those that need serious attention.
How Does A Spark Become Unsafe?
Long Sparks. A spark that comes and goes is safe, but if it stays for more seconds then fades then spark back again, it’s already an indication of an electrical issue.
Big Sparks. Watch out if the spark is already jumping out of the holes of your electrical outlet. This is no longer a safe spark.
Yellow or White Sparks. The color of a safe spark is usually blue. White or yellow isn’t really much of a friendly type.
Smelly Sparks. A spark which is followed by a smoke or burning smells is dangerous. Call a professional’s help immediately.
Short circuit. Short circuit happens when the hot wires touch the ground or neutral wires, causing the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.102264
Retrieved Text: Big doesn’t necessarily mean better. Nor does heavier mean stronger. Ever since its low-weight-yet-high strength became evident, aluminum became the metal of choice in aerospace, automobiles, trailers, and heat exchangers. Plus, it boasts of tremendous corrosion resistance and electrical conductivity.
But then, there is always a catch. Pure aluminum is soft and has to be alloyed to improve its properties. Popular additions include magnesium, manganese, copper, silicon, and zinc. Aluminum alloys are either heat-treatable or non-heat-treatable. The latter give a soft weld while you have to heat-treat the former to get strong welds.
Aluminum’s high thermal conductivity causes rapid heat loss. You have to employ currents and voltages higher than those used for welding steel. This, despite aluminum’s low melting point.
Hyper conductivity also causes low penetration i.e. weld joints do not extend to the root of the weld groove, particularly at thick sections. Its low melting point means you have to speed up the welding lest the soaring electric power cause burnthrough i.e. holes in the base material. Thin sections are particularly burnthrough-prone.
Thick sections suffer from poor fusion because aluminum forms oxides readily that inhibit proper fusion. Low columnar strength precludes smooth feeding of filler wire. The wire is prone to birdnesting i.e. tangling between the liner and drive roll. Finally, high solubility of hydrogen in molten aluminum makes the weld porous.
GTAW/TIG is mostly used for welding aluminum but GMAW/MIG offers value through better deposition rates, greater productivity, and less skilled operators. Aluminum is welded with AC rather than DC. Zirconiated tungsten electrodes that carry greater current offer

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.026361
Retrieved Text: A fuse is usually made up of a tin-coated copper wire. When a current exceed the design rating value, the wire will overheat and melt, thus breaking the circuit. It will prevent further damage to the appliance or user. It cannot be reused.
A circuit breaker is usually made up of a reusable spring-loaded type of switch. The function of the circuit breaker is similar to that of the fuse. If a current exceeds the design setting, it will spring open and break the circuit as in a fuse. The device can be reused by resetting the spring-loaded switch.
The fuse rating is the maximum current that the fuse can carry without melting. The fuse rating should be slightly higher than the normal working current of an appliance.
Q2. Explain the need for earthing metal casing and for double insulation.
Earth wire is connected to the metal casing of an electrical appliance. In case of a leakage of current, the user may get an electric shock if the live wire is connected to the metal casing. The earth wire allows the current to flow through it to the ground and protects the user from a fatal electric shock.
Double insulation protects the user of the appliance from an electrical shock by preventing any possibility of the external casing becoming live, thus eliminating the need for an earth connection. Firstly, the electric cable is insulated from the internal components of the appliance. Secondly, the internal metal parts, which could become live if a fault developed is also insulated from the external casing.
Q3.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.491262
Retrieved Text: 1, voltage breakdown: the cause of the breakdown is an insulating material, the other is the Creepage distance. Irons insulating material used is mica or MICA paper. Do pressure testing, the high voltage of 1500 v is charged with insulating layer between metal surfaces that can be touched to bear. Breakdown into electrical, thermal breakdown and discharge breakdown. Electrical breakdown voltage with linear increase in material thickness, thermal breakdown and discharge breakdown of insulation quality, now General insulation material is used in the iron MICA sheet and Mica tape.
2, stability: stability is an important indicator of household electrical appliances Safety, choose iron brand as well. Iron stability test is to check iron in the ground or stability when you use on the desktop, on the ground or on the desktop use the irons are often moved or tilted, if not straight or offset the center of gravity, have the potential to overturn, resulting in accident or injury.
3, power supply cords: outside the household electrical appliances to prevent shock hazard should also prevent fires, electrical components overheating, an important reason is often the cause of the fire. Irons with power cord area is less than the specified value, caused by current overload in the wire and heat bad, will make the wire overheating and fire. Iron cord braided cords should be used, should not use PVC insulated wire, drawn in the power supply line there should be a clamping device.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.489918
Retrieved Text: Whilst I was making an electric foundry, I realised I needed resistance heating coil elements - those spring like things you see in old electric fires. Now these are cheap enough on the internet but I believe you get what you pay for and I wanted to use superior Kanthal wire. As such I came up with a very simple jig that anyone can make from a couple of scraps of wood.
To be honest it's more complicated to explain than it is to show, so this is one of those occasions when I'd strongly recommend watching the accompanying video as this will explain its simple construction and use in just a couple of minutes.
How Do Resistance Coils Work?
So what is a resistance coil and how does it work? Well the clues are in the name.
COIL : A coil is a length of wire wrapped in tight circles. The purpose of the coil is to reduce the apparent length of the wire. The resistance wire involved in a coil may be surprisingly long but by coiling it, it's possible to dramatically shorten the eventual length. For example, I made a coil containing 7 meters (23 feet) of wire, but the coil itself was quite short, maybe 15cm (6 inches) or so. That's quite a space saving and this allows the effects of the wire to be concentrated in a smaller area.
RESISTANCE : The length and thickness of the wire determine how much electrical resistance the wire carries. Generally, the thinner or longer the wire is, the higher

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.405226
Retrieved Text: Many of us know about Nickola Tesla’s intent and successes in transmitting electricity WIRELESSLY over miles of physical distance and powering up light bulbs, irons and other early alternating current electrical devices. Tesla was way ahead of his time; the copper wire, timber and coal interests of his time were not going to allow wireless electricity to happen.
Today, it is a lot different. We all use high frequency wireless transmission of data all around us (WiFi) and are moving relentlessly towards 5G in the coming years. People are open to the idea of using wireless data and power to all sorts of productivity improvements.
In my New Physics page, I write about the Nine Fields and I describe what I call the Propagation Field; it is the field that we use reliably to transmit data over distances whether they are wireless or in a wire. This is frequently called the Carrier Wave. The data that we transmit is always modulated and demodulated onto and off a second field; this is the Data Wave or Modulation Field.
What if, instead of putting the power that we want to send in the wire, we put it around the wire. We still have to send a few milliwatts of current down the wire to activate the fields that we want to use. We are still using the Propagation Field/Carrier Wave, but we are using it around the wire, not in the wire. This is an important distinction. What if, we were able to modulate and demodulate data on the Carrier Wave

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.094215
Retrieved Text: Electrical connections are all around your home. Electrical wiring connects to switches, outlets, appliances, disconnects, meters, and circuit breakers. There are a number of ways to make these connections, but what we are looking for is the safe and secure ways to make these connections that will last a lifetime!
Loos connections can cause electrical wiring and devices to heat up and are a potential electrical fire in the making. That's why safe and secure electrical connections are so important. In order to make these connections, you will need a little advice and a guide to making proper connections on devices, appliances, and the very important electrical panel connections.
Properly sized electrical wire and the properly sized circuit breakers connected to the wires are very important. A loose connection can lead to a fire and electrical safety is serious business! Please check these connections before turning on power to anything! Take a look now at the many different electrical connections around the home and how to do the projects yourself.
Every appliance, whether it be a countertop appliance like a coffee pot or a major appliance like an electric range, has an electrical connection. Each has a specific outlet and certain breaker size that they are needed to be connected to. These connections are easy enough if you can follow these simple instructions.
There are good electrical connections and some that should never be made. Although manufacturers sometimes give you the choice of a couple of different connection points, like with switches and outlets, a closer look will reveal which

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.83979
Retrieved Text: Electricity is an integral part of our daily lives. We rarely think about it until it’s time to pay a bill, or it goes out. How does it work? We tend to not think about it because we cannot see it.
Electricity has positive and negative charges. Protons carry positive charges, and neutrons carry negative charges. Electric currents are the electric charges carried from electrons as they jump around from atom to atom. Copper wires or any metal wires are great conductors of electricity. They allow electricity to move and they transmit electrical energy. Subatomic particles carry electric charges. Like charges repel, and unlike charges attract. When particles carry the same type of charge, they exert a forceful repulsion.
How does one measure electrical currents?
The SI unit for measuring an electrical current is the ampere. It measures an electrical charge at the rate of one coulomb per second. The best Electricians use professional tools to help them test the strength of these by using a Phase Angle Meter.
The pressure that pushes electrons through a wire. It measures the potential energy to cause a current in an electrical conductor.
Any movement of an electrical charge.
The rate which electrical energy is consumed in a circuit.
Measures how the material reduces the electric current flow through the device that the electricity is going through.
The current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the voltage across two points.
DC current is used in low voltage applications like battery charging, automotive and aircraft function, and low current operations. For professional electricians, they use

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.780125
Retrieved Text: Complications with the electrical system in your Phoenix home shouldn’t be taken lightly. In fact, the safest course of action is to hire an electrician for residential electrical services if you suspect any electrical failure, such as a burned outlet or overlamping.
Burned Outlets – Wire insulation can melt, and you’ll be notified by the popping and sparking coming from the outlet if you try to plug in a device. You should stop using this outlet immediately because the sparking can burn the outlet, blacken the plugs, and cause an electrical fire.
Tripped Circuit Breaker – Outlets stop working when a circuit breaker trips because of the overloading of a circuit or a knob stuck between “on” and “off” on the breaker.
Backstabbed Wiring – Backstabbing occurs when wires are pushed into connectors that grasp the wires inside appliances and electrical devices. Dead circuits and burned wires can result from the loose connection that backstabbed wires create.
Aluminum Wiring – Aluminum used to be an inexpensive alternative to copper wiring, but if your home has aluminum wiring, it should be replaced or retrofitted by an electrician because it’s prone to corrosion when exposed to copper or when connections become loose.
Overlamping – When a light fixture has a bulb with a higher wattage than the fixture is designed to handle, overlamping occurs. Old wiring can cause overlamping, and if it does, the socket can heat up and cause the wires to melt. This problem results in damaged fixtures and can even lead to an electrical fire, so an electrician should be

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.60971
Retrieved Text: Heat is generated where the cut is to be made, this is done by applying electrical current. The foot control allows the user to apply heat maintaining a good overview of the cutting process. The LGK 14 has a capacity to anneal wire rope up to 14 mm diameter. It has 4 different power levels. It is recommended to connect the annealing machine to a ventilation system for efficient exhaust of the smoke.
The machine is easy to use. There are 4 different cavities on the lower jaw (see the picture to the left) where the wire rope should be placed depending on its diameter. The distance between the cavities are 8 mm. Choose the cavity and power level suitable for the wire rope. The handle should be pulled down to fasten the wire rope before pressing the foot control. When the wire rope and the handle is in place press the foot control to apply heat and then anneal the wire rope.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.608652
Retrieved Text: But electrical and electrical systems can be dangerous, from the high voltage fuse to cables that are not covered in protective sleeving. Unfortunately, the data that has been gathered surrounding this subject more than backs up this claim. This data actually shows that various electrical hazards cause more than 4,000 injuries – sometimes severe ones – of electrical workers each and every year. Even more unfortunately, up to 300 total deaths will occur for similar reasons in this very same span of time. The nature of electrical work can be dangerous, as even just a high voltage fuse can present a danger if this high voltage fuse is not properly managed, but there are steps that can be taken to make both electrical work and the electrical systems in question themselves as safe as they can possibly be all throughout the country and in many types of buildings, from the residential to the commercial.
Ultimately, a great deal of safety can be accomplished through the use of wire sleeving. Wire sleeving comes in truly all shapes and sizes and in various different varieties. From self-wrapping sleeves to heat resistant sleeving, there are many types of wire covers and wire protectors out there to choose from, and different electrical components such as the high voltage fuse and beyond, will need different types of wire sleeving, as one might correctly assume. But the presence of wire sleeving is hugely important, and it is fortunate that wire sleeve installation is becoming more and more commonplace as the years pass on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.505497
Retrieved Text: Thisnew modelinstant Water Heater adopt 4 Non-metallic Heating Tubes, every drop of water are heated more than four times.
It's applied a particular heating technique —— Turbine Heater : Recuperated heat from the Non-metallic Heating Tubes, energy saving and high efficiency.
It has fashionable appearance, Mini size, easy to install, does not occupy a large space.
You can use it to wash face, hands, dishes, food, clothes and heating shower water in summer, perfect to install in the kitchen or bathroom.
[Please confirm the electrical wire can bear 16A working current, usually our home's wire diameter are above 1.37mm, and can working perfectly.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.504644
Retrieved Text: The !!!MANIC Salamander line of zip-on power outlets attaches with "Zip Ties," or "Wire Ties," included. The base of the unit is always kept from the paint by a rubber backing. They are black, thus easy to hide. This is the only line of SAE or 12mm connectors that attaches directly to tubes or the motorcycle frame, allowing an unmatched variety of location options, with the tidiness and security of a solid attachment.
What is an SAE connector?
The SAE (Society of Automotive Engineers) connector standard is a family of all-weather low-voltage, medium current connectors. It is defined by a standard contact form, spacing, and arrangement, and in certain motor vehicle applications, the purpose of each conductor is also specified. For our purposes, suffice it to say that on the side of the connection that produces the power (battery side), the rubber-shrouded female conductor is the hot wire, going to the + terminal. The most common place for an SAE connector in the life of the average person, is the connection used to plug in a trailer towed behind a vehicle, so the lights on the trailer work in sync with the lights on the car. In motorcycling, the two-conductor version has been adapted by many companies as the standard power connector for 12V systems. Among the companies supplying SAE power connections on their products are: Aerostich, Battery Tender, CyclePump (sp?) and older Gerbing equipment.
How big a fuse do I need?
For heating, lighting and electronics, you want the smallest fuse that is more than 10% over the rated

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.462393
Retrieved Text: What Do Emergency Electricians Do if One Electrical Outlet in a Room Does Not Work?
Electricity must complete a full circuit from the point where it enters the house from a utility supplier and back again. The electrical systems of modern homes consist of a three-wire system including a hot wire, a neutral wire, and a bare wire. There are various factors that could cause an electrical outlet in your home not to work. These are some of the areas an emergency electrician would look at in case the electrical outlet of your room does not work.
One of the first areas an emergency electrician would look at if an outlet quits is the type of outlet in the room. One of the most common types of electrical outlets in modern homes is the ground fault circuit interrupter (GFCI) outlet. This type of outlet can stop functioning if it experiences any form of interruption, even temporarily. GFCI outlets feature an in-built circuit breaker that can stop the flow of electricity if there is a problem.
Next, the emergency electrician would probably inspect the breaker panel where power comes into the house. Sometimes, the GFCI break might trip the breaker that controls the entire electrical unit. If all breakers in the house are OK, the emergency electrician would test the other outlets in the house. The circuits of a house may not necessarily be divided by rooms; one or more outlets in a room may be on different circuits and the outlet that is not working could be on a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.349228
Retrieved Text: If there is one area of mysticism and witchery on a 4x4, it’s in wiring and electrical upgrades. Interestingly enough, the wiring is often the area where we see incredibly butch and scary-hack modifications on a 4x4. In most cases, the horrendous handiwork is hidden under the hood or dashboard, waiting to cause parasitic battery drain or worse, a car fire. The good news is that wiring is actually fairly simple on older 4x4s, but on newer 4x4s it’s so complex that any modifications usually involve the addition of a completely separate simple wiring harness.
The easiest way to understand the electrical system of your 4x4 is to think of electricity like water. Both water and electricity generally travel the path of least resistance. For this example, think of your battery as a lake and your alternator as the river feeding that lake. The lake (battery) holds a finite amount of water (electricity), and you can only drain it so far before it goes dry (dead) without refilling. The river (alternator) replenishes the lake (battery), but it can only do so at a set rate. Draining the system beyond its capability will result in a dead battery, even with the vehicle running. The electrical upgrades that you should make to your 4x4 will depend on the kind of demands you place on the system. Here are a few tips to keep everything on your truck or SUV electrified.
It’s not uncommon for a traditional wet-cell battery to get banged around off-road in a 4x4 and leak acid all

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.298838
Retrieved Text: In this project, you will learn how to construct a basic circuit to light an LED with a battery.
1. A power source such as a battery.
Batteries are just one example of a power source. In future activities you will learn about different sources of electrical power. For now, think of batteries as storage containers for electrical power. The photo above shows an example of a battery found in electric circuits.
What do you notice that is similar in all the batteries?
2. An electrical component powered by the source such as a light.
An electrical component is anything to is powered by electricity, like the device you will use to do this activity. Electrical components are the things that we are interested in using to accomplish some other task. For example, electric motors are found in electric cars, which we use to get around from place to place.
Can you think of other electrical components?
3. Wires that connect the power source to the load. Electrical wires conduct electricity (electrical current) from the battery to the electrical component. Think of wires as the roads in which electrons travel on. The above photo shows a common electrical wire made out of copper. Wires can be made out of anything that conducts electricity.
When the wires are all connected, the circuit is complete, and power is delivered to the electrical component. When one of the wires is disconnected, the circuit is incomplete, and the component does not receive any power.
When the switch is closed, it completes the circuit, allowing electrical current to flow. An

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.170965
Retrieved Text: The unit of current is Amperes.
This Physics quiz is called 'Electricity - Electrical Circuits 1' and it has been written by teachers to help you if you are studying the subject at senior high school. Playing educational quizzes is one of the most efficienct ways to learn if you are in the 11th or 12th grade - aged 16 to 18.
Electrical current flows in a closed path known as an electrical circuit. When a circuit is 'broken' it means that there is a gap which is stopping current from flowing. The break could be caused by a damaged component or wire, a component or connection that has become disconnected, or where there is a switch.
Understanding the basic principles associated with electrical circuits is useful as it allows you to predict how circuits behave. If you learn a few simple equations, you will be able work out a wide variety of important values relating to circuits and components. By now, you should be very familiar with Ohm's law (V = I R) and have had plenty of opportunity to use it, but there are some other vital relationships related to electrical current and electrical circuits that you should know in senior high school.
Electrical current is a flow of electrons. Each electron carries a small amount of charge and if there are enough electrons on the move, the amount of charge is useful. The unit of electrical charge is the coulomb (C) and if you have one coulomb of charge passing a given point in an electrical circuit

================



======= Instance Index 90 =========
Input Text: As they are immobile, what is an example of how animal life helps the reproduction cycle of plants?

Which is the correct answer?
- squirrels dropping seeds
- birds building nests
- human lumber industry
- bugs eating leaves

Target Text: squirrels dropping seeds

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.91674
Retrieved Text: 4 Animal Reproduction - Teacher Resource Asexual reproduction: any reproduction that does not involve the union of sperm and egg. Plants can reproduce asexually by growing from cuttings, from... Asexual reproduction in plants is also called vegetative reproduction. It usually involves only the plant's vegetative structures like roots, stems and leaves. For example, raspberries can produce a new generation using their stems; potatoes, using their roots; and geraniums can be grown from any piece of a parent plant.
Reproduction of Animals and Plants F 1 R U I T 2 A 3 F 4 O E S 5 P E R M P 6 U B E R T Y R S 7 S E R T E T C 8 X P 9 L A C E N T A Y M I O U R I M 10 E N S T R U A T... Fertilisation or fertilization (see spelling differences), also known as generative fertilisation, insemination, pollination, fecundation, syngamy and impregnation, is the fusion of gametes to initiate the development of a new individual organism. The cycle of fertilisation and development of new individuals is called sexual reproduction.
Do not write in margin TOTAL / A2.16 ASEXUAL/SEXUAL REPRODUCTION IN PLANTS AND ANIMALS 9 The table below refers to various features of asexual and sexual reproduction.
growth and reproduction; that the life processes common to plants include growth, nutrition and reproduction; to make links between life processes in familiar animals and plants and the environments in which they are found.
Fertilisation or fertilization (see spelling differences), also

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.646
Retrieved Text: Why don’t cyanobacteria and bacteria reproduce by mitosis?
Damaged cells of an organism are usually ___ by mitosis.
All the chromosomes in a diploid cell are paired.
How many chromosomes are produced by the first division during meiosis?
Which statement(s) correspond(s) correctly to a mutation?
The kind of cell division associated with an increase in size and weight of an organism is called ___.
Gametes have ___ the chromosome number of the parent cell.
Chromosomes are attached to the ___ during the metaphase of mitosis.
The spindle apparatus disintegrates during the ___ of mitosis.
-Plant cells divide by means of a cell plate.
How does mitosis in animal cells differ from mitosis in higher plant cells?
Occasionally asexual reproduction can cause undesirable proliferation of an organism.
Nearly all plants can be reproduced asexually.
The new plant produced by the technique of layering must remain attached to the stem of the original plant.
A successful scion will produce the product of the rootstock with greater quality.
The technique of asexual reproduction most commonly used in the production of fruit trees is ___.
The vigor of a rootstock is usually ___ than that of the root system produced by the scion.
Asexual reproduction is most common in plants growing in ___ climates.
An elongated, horizontal stem that grows at the surface of the ground or just below it is called a rhizome.
Animals have more mechanisms for asexual reproduction than plants.
The stock is inserted into the scion during grafting.
The most commonly used method of asexual reproduction used in gardening is the cutting.
Root cuttings are more commonly used than stem cuttings.
A ___ is a plant structure with enlarged

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.739666
Retrieved Text: All living things (organisms) have a life cycle. They are born, grow up, reproduce and die. Different groups of organisms (species) have different kinds of life cycles. Reproduction is the key to the all species' survival. Yet the life cycle of an insect is very different from the life cycle of a mammal or a reptile. Even plants have life cycles.
In this collection of resources, activities, assessment and visual aids, see the life cycles of many kinds of animals and plants illustrated for you to examine. Print them out as posters or try a life cycle activity. Build a life cycle model to compare and contrast different life cycles.
K-2 Parents and offspring often engage in behaviors that help the offspring survive.
3-5 Reproduction is essential to every kind of organism. Organisms have unique and diverse life cycles.
6-8 Animals engage in behaviors that increase the odds of reproduction. An organism’s growth is affected by both genetic and environmental factors.
9-12 Growth and division of cells in organisms occurs by mitosis and differentiation for specific cell types.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.45027
Retrieved Text: What is a plant? One distinguishing feature of members of the Plant Kingdom is their life cycle. In this session, flowering plants serve as examples for studying the plant life cycle by considering the roles of seeds, flowers, and fruits. A comparison to animal life cycles reveals some surprising similarities and intriguing differences.,This segment focuses on the female plant reproductive system and alternation of generations.
What is a plant? One distinguishing feature of members of the Plant Kingdom is their life cycle. In this session, flowering plants serve as examples for studying the plant life cycle by considering the roles of seeds, flowers, and fruits. A comparison to animal life cycles reveals some surprising similarities and intriguing differences.,This segment probes children's ideas about "fast plants." What are the pods? What are they there for?
What is a plant? One distinguishing feature of members of the Plant Kingdom is their life cycle. In this session, flowering plants serve as examples for studying the plant life cycle by considering the roles of seeds, flowers, and fruits. A comparison to animal life cycles reveals some surprising similarities and intriguing differences.,This segment focuses on the adaptations of seeds.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.424213
Retrieved Text: This fact sheet for middle school to high school students is appropriate for several topics, including plant reproduction, plant diversity, and plant-animal interactions. Page one introduces flowers as adaptations to attract animal pollinators, and leads students to make a prediction about plant and pollinator associations. Page two focuses on the North American example of yucca plants and yucca moths to illustrate the key biology concepts of coevolution, mutualism, and obligate mutualisms.
Provide students with a diagram of a typical flower and a variety of flowers (some with petals united into a corolla and extended stamens, some open, some with large lower petal, some with nectar spurs, etc.). Have students draw and label the reproductive and nonreproductive parts of the flowers, and identify similarities and differences among them.
Use the colorful and fragrant petals as a chemistry connection in your biology lesson. For example, the blues and purples and many reds come from anthocyanin pigments, yellows to whites from anthoxanthin pigments. The ?flowery? to fetid flower scents are due mixtures of organic compounds.
Ask your students to suggest some plants that have wind-pollinated and water-pollinated flowers, and adaptations those flowers might have.
Present students with representative images of angiosperms, gymnosperms, ferns, and mosses that grow in your region. Have students design and complete a chart contrasting patterns of species diversity (number of species) and reproduction (pollination system) among those plant groups.
Introduce students to the extraordinary diversity of the earliest animal pollinators ? beetles (~350,000 species worldwide, ~30,000 species in North America). Have students research the link between angiosperm diversity and insect

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.17459
Retrieved Text: The life cycle of a fern is complex compared to that of a flowering plant, and the cycle involves both sexual and asexual reproduction. Some ferns are able to produce new plants entirely asexually, but usually a fern's reproductive process includes a sexual stage.
Ferns differ from flowering plants in that they don't reproduce via seeds. Instead, most ferns produce tiny seedlike structures called spores, and when the spores germinate, they grow into new plants that begin the next stage in the life cycle. In flowering plants, seeds are produced sexually, which means they contain a mixture of genetic material from distinct sperm and egg cells that may come from different plants. Fern spores, however, are produced asexually, which means their genetic material is identical to that of the parent fern.
This asexual stage, though, is only the first step in a fern's life cycle. The next step involves sexual reproduction.
Fern spores are dispersed by wind or water, and when they land in a place with the right growing conditions, which typically involves plenty of moisture and shelter from direct sunlight, the spores germinate and grow into tiny plants called gametophytes. Most ferns' gametophytes are very small compared to the size of the parent plants, and they may go entirely unnoticed as they develop.
Gametophytes develop sexual organs and produce sperm and egg cells. One gametophyte's egg cell may be fertilized by a sperm cell from a nearby gametophyte, or the little plant may fertilize itself. Even if the egg is self-fertilized, however, the new plant that grows from

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.902176
Retrieved Text: What Are Light Dependent Reactions?
Plants act as a good complement to humanity, as the latter species breathes out carbon dioxide, which the plants then turn it into the oxygen humans need to live. Plants take in carbon dioxide, nutrients from the soil, water, and sunlight and create oxygen and a kind of simple sugar that they use for energy. This is a process necessary to life on Earth.
Photosynthesis acts as an important factor that sustains life on Earth. Plants take in carbon dioxide, sunlight, water, and nutrients from the Earth and turn it into sugar and oxygen, which many species need to breathe.
Humans and animals exhale carbon dioxide as a byproduct of respiration. Plants extract the carbon dioxide from the air and use it in photosynthesis process to feed themselves. The carbon dioxide enters the leaves of the plant through small pores called stomata. Once the carbon dioxide enters the plant, the process begins with the help of sunlight and water.
During this process, the plant combines carbon dioxide with water to allow the plant to extract what it needs for food. The plant uses sunlight as energy to perform this chemical reaction. Photosynthesis separates carbon dioxide and water — known as CO2 and H2O, respectively — into their individual molecules and combines them into new products. Once the process is done, the plant releases Oxygen, or O2, into the surrounding air. It also creates C6H12O6, a substance similar to glucose, that feeds the plant.
Because they often receive more carbon dioxide and water than they need to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.63479
Retrieved Text: Invertebrate animals have a rich variety of life cycles, especially among those forms that undergo metamorphosis, a radical physical change. Butterflies, for instance, have a caterpillar stage (larva), a dormant chrysalis stage (pupa), and an adult stage (imago). One remarkable aspect of this development is that, during the transition from caterpillar to adult, most of the caterpillar tissue disintegrates and is used as food, thereby providing energy for the next stage of development, which begins when certain small structures (imaginal disks) in the larva start growing into the adult form. Thus, the butterfly undergoes essentially two periods of growth and development (larva and pupa–adult) and two periods of small size (fertilized egg and imaginal disks). A somewhat similar phenomenon is found in sea urchins; the larva, which is called a pluteus, has a small, wartlike bud that grows into the adult while the pluteus tissue disintegrates. In both examples it is as if the organism has two life histories, one built on the ruins of another.
Another life-cycle pattern found among certain invertebrates illustrates the principle that major differences between organisms are not always found in the physical appearance of the adult but in differences of the whole life history. In the coelenterate Obelia, for example, the egg develops into a colonial hydroid consisting of a series of branching Hydra-like organisms called polyps. Certain of these polyps become specialized (reproductive polyps) and bud off from the colony as free-swimming jellyfish (medusae) that bear eggs and sperm. As with caterpillars and sea urchins, two distinct phases occur in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.56113
Retrieved Text: 1. the process of reproduction.
2. a class composed of all individuals removed by the same number of successive ancestors from a common predecessor, or occupying positions on the same level in a genealogical (pedigree) chart.
alternate generation reproduction by alternate asexual and sexual means in an animal or plant species.
asexual generation (direct generation) production of a new organism not originating from union of gametes.
first filial generation the first-generation offspring of two parents; symbol F1.
parental generation the generation with which a particular genetic study is begun; symbol P1.
second filial generation all of the offspring produced by two individuals of the first filial generation; symbol F2.
sexual generation production of a new organism from the cell formed by the union of a male gamete (spermatozoon) and a female gamete (oocyte).
spontaneous generation the discredited concept of continuous generation of living organisms from nonliving matter.
reproduction by fission, gemmation, or in any other way without union of the male and female cell, or conjugation.
Reproduction by fission, gemmation, or in any other way without union of the male and female cells, or conjugation.
Synonym(s): heterogenesis (2) , nonsexual generation.
2. a class composed of all individuals removed by the same number of successive ancestors from a common predecessor, or occupying positions on the same level in a genealogical (pedigree) chart. Said also of antibiotics or other chemicals derived from parent compounds.
reproduction by alternate asexual and sexual means in an animal or plant species.
production of a new organism not originating from union of gametes. Called also direct generation.
the first generation offspring of two parents; symbol F1.
all of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.548145
Retrieved Text: What if humanity could travel to farther reaches of outer space, or colonize the hostile environments found there? How might plant life thrive in non-gravity environments? What if we could genetically engineer plants to dramatically increase our crop yield per acre? Outcomes such as these may eventually be found through the work being conducted now in the lab of Dr. Darron Luesse, professor of biological sciences.
NASA has taken an interest in the possible breakthroughs of Luesse’s experiments, conducted through a project led by Ohio University and supported by nearly $400,000 in grant funds. Luesse and Dr. Sarah E. Wyatt of Ohio are exploring questions about how gravity affects the complicated process of environmentally-regulated plant growth and development.
While animals can alter their environments or move to new ones, plants are immobile, and instead will often change how they grow in a way that best suits available resources. Because one of the most important and informative aspects of an environment is gravity, this force plays a role in nearly every aspect of a plant’s development. On earth, this can be seen in the growth patterns of seedlings. When a seed germinates underground without light, it has only gravity to guide its growth in the direction of likely resources. Adult plants also respond to gravity, as can be seen in the angle that branches emerge from the main shoot. Through a process called gravitropism, plants may change their growth in response to a change in the direction of gravity, for example when wind causes a plant to fall over.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.915195
Retrieved Text: Reproductivities is an exhibition that draws connections between different ways of reproducing life – in plants, in humans, and in art – to ask how the carefully crafted cultures of in vitro life reflect the larger worlds around them.
Recent technological means of modifying human, plant and animal reproduction share many elements in common with the visual arts in both form and content. Reproductivities explores how life is being remade, reframed and reconceived in contemporary society with an emphasis on the artistic and aesthetic dimensions of this process. Linking in vitro cell technologies, horticulture, photography, painting and performance, the exhibition asks not only how biotechniques such as IVF (in vitro fertilisation) or genetic modification are understood, but how they introduce new ways of seeing ourselves and our world.
The link between human reproduction and plant reproduction, between tissue culture and horticulture, is at the heart of Gina Glover’s and Camilla Lyon’s art work. Both represent the subject of IVF through depictions of blooming and blossoming plants and fertile seeds of life. Gina Glover recomposes Nobel Prize winner and IVF inventor Robert Edwards’ (1925-2013) microphotographs of early embryonic life to gesture both toward hand-made inner worlds and the abstract realms of the scientific imagination. In Camilla Lyon’s work, the careful cultivation of garden plants is juxtaposed with the culture of in vitro fertilization procedures. Developed during a residency at Murray Edwards College, which coincided with the artist’s own experience of several IVF cycles, Lyon’s vivid watercolour paintings of plants re-present reproduction in a different frame. For her performance commission

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.8769
Retrieved Text: Young to old. A life cycle?
Not in the biological sense. Life cycles describe the amount of DNA present at a specific stage or time in the life of an organism. Is there a haploid or diploid amount of DNA? That is the key question.
Sexual reproduction occurs in a cycle. Diploid parents produce haploid gametes that unite and develop into diploid adults, which repeat the cycle. This series of life stages and events that a sexually reproducing organism goes through is called its life cycle. Sexually reproducing organisms can have different types of life cycles. Three are represented in Figure below and described following sections.
Life cycles can vary in sexually reproducing organisms. Three types of sexual life cycles are shown here. Do you see how they differ? The letter n indicates haploid stages of the life cycles, and 2n indicates diploid stages.
The haploid life cycle is the simplest life cycle. It is found in many single-celled eukaryotic organisms. Organisms with a haploid life cycle spend the majority of their lives as haploid gametes. When the haploid gametes fuse, they form a diploid zygote. It quickly undergoes meiosis to produce more haploid gametes that repeat the life cycle.
Plants, algae, and some protists have a life cycle that alternates between diploid and haploid phases, known as alternation of generations. In plants, the life cycle alternates between the diploid sporophyte and haploid gametophyte. Spore forming cells in the diploid sporophyte undergo meiosis to produce spores, a haploid reproductive cell. Spores can develop into an adult without fusing with another cell.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.87205
Retrieved Text: Plants hybridize much more frequently and successfully than animals do. [...] Chromosomal doubling (polyploidy) occurs more frequently in plants and facilitates the fertility of the hybrid offspring.
Outcomes of the successful hybridization of different species of plants (i.e. yelding fertile offspring) can be easily observed in agriculture - for instance, Triticum aestivum is 6n, while Triticum durum is 4n. The latter comes from the hybridization of two plants from different genera (!). So it seems to me that not only can plants hybridize more easily, but also that the evolutionary distance between the parents can be greater than in animals.
As far as I know, the preferred animal strategy to have fertile hybrids is to go partheno/androgenic (for example in Phasmida).
Why can plants produce fertile hybrids more often than animals? What constraints are present in animals and absent in plants?
To my knowledge, polyploidization is the main mechanism by which this is achieved. If this is true, then my previous question can be rephrased as why does animal polyploidization occur more rarely?
I'm not entirely sure about my assumptions, so feel free to correct me, of course with references.
Browse other questions tagged evolution meiosis sexual-reproduction asexual-reproduction or ask your own question.
Why do plants produce so many hybrids as a kingdom?
Focusing on flowering plants, are there reasonable explanations why pentaploids would be more fertile than triploids?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.590202
Retrieved Text: The Cell Cycle & Mitosis. Chapter 5. 5.1 – The Cell Cycle. Key Concept: Cells have distinct phases of growth, reproduction, and normal functions. When a living thing grows, what happens to its cells?.
Cells have distinct phases of growth, reproduction, and normal functions.
When a living thing grows, what happens to its cells?
Does an animal get larger because each cell increases in size or because it produces more of them?
What are some things that all cells in your body must have?
The cell cycle has 4 main stages.
The cell cycle is a regular pattern of growth, DNA replication, and cell division.
The main stages of the cell cycle are: Gap 1, Synthesis, Gap 2, & Mitosis.
Mitosis occurs only if the cell is large enough and the DNA undamaged.
Cells divide at different rates.
The rate of cell division varies with the need for that type of cell.
Cell volume increases faster than surface area.
Cells need to stay small to allow diffusion and osmosis to work efficiently.
Surface area must allow for adequate exchange of materials.
Cells divide during mitosis and cytokinesisinto two new daughter cells.
Chromosomes condense at the start of mitosis.
Chromosomes: carry genetic information (DNA) that is passed from one generation of cells to the next.
DNA wraps around proteins (histones) that condense it.
DNA plus proteins (histones) is called chromatin.
Sister chromatids are held together at the centromere.
Mitosis and cytokinesis produce two genetically identical daughter cells.
Interphase prepares the cell to divide.
Chromosomes condense, spindle fibers form, and the nuclear membrane disappears.
Mitosis divides the cell’s nucleus in four phases.
Chromosomes line up across the middle of the cell.
Sister chromatids

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.512325
Retrieved Text: The Surah explains some of the basic beliefs of Islam, especially the belief in life after death and the Akhirah.
The truth of the Qur'an and the truth of Prophet Muhammad (saw).
Allah's signs in nature to remind about the day of Resurrection.
This Surah takes its name after the first Ayat, Ya Sin.
There are 83 Ayat in this Surah.
Theme 1: Establishing the Belief in the Ressurection.
Theme 2: The object of the discourse is to warn the Quraysh of the consequences of not believing in the Prophethood of Muhammad and of resisting and opposing it with tyranny, ridicule and mockery. The aspect of the warning is dominant and conspicuous although along with repeatedly giving the warnings, arguments also have been given for the correct understanding by the people.
(1) For Monotheism (Tawhid) from the signs of the universe and from common sense; (2) for the Hereafter from the signs of the universe, from common sense and from man’s own existence itself; and (3) for the Prophethood of the Prophet Muhammad. This was from the fact that he was facing all kinds of hardships in the preaching of his message without any selfish motive and from this that whatever he was inviting the people to was rational and reasonable, accepting which was in the people’s own interest.
On the strength of these arguments themes of reprobation, reproof and warning have been presented repeatedly in a highly forceful manner so that hearts are shaken up and those which have any capacity for accepting the truth left in them should not remain unmoved.
Allah Almighty

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.40522
Retrieved Text: What is ecology? The scientific study of interactions among organisms and between organisms and their environment, or surroundings.
What does the biosphere contain? Necessary things, such as land, water, and air, or atmosphere.
Why do ecologists ask questions about events and organisms that range in complexity from an individual to the biosphere? To understand the relationships within biosphere.
Ecosystem (Second highest level of organization) A collection of all the organisms that live in a particular place, together with their nonliving, or physical, environment.
Why might an ecologist set up an artificial environment in a laboratory? To imitate and manipulate conditions that organisms would encounter.
Why are many ecological phenomena difficult to study? They occur over long periods of time or on such large spatial scales that they are difficult to study.
Why do ecologists make models? To gain insight into complex phenomena such as the effects of global warming on ecosystems.
What is at the core of every organism's interaction with the environment? The organism's need for energy to power life's processes.
What source of energy to organisms use if they don't use the sun's energy? Energy stored in inorganic chemical compounds.
What are autotrophs? Plants, some algae, and certain bacteria that capture energy from the sunlight or chemicals and use that energy to produce food.
Why are autotrophs also called producers? They make their own food.
What do autotrophs do during photosynthesis? They harness solar energy.
What is chemosynthesis? When organisms use chemical energy to produce carbohydrates.
Where do bacteria that carry out chemosynthesis live? Very remote places on Earth such as volcanic vents on the deep-ocean floor

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.39691
Retrieved Text: Success for an animal species does not only mean that it survives, but that it survives to reproduce. When a species or population of organisms is unable to reproduce enough offspring to keep the population numbers high, extinction is the result. However, reproduction is probably one of the most energy-depleting events a single organism may endure. Both plants and animals have a wide range of reproductive methods that result in repeated matings, fertilization , production of offspring, and survival of the next generation. However, for many groups, including some plants, all of the energy produced by the organism is directed to successful reproduction.
Within the animal group, invertebrates have a wide variety of reproductive strategies that insure their survival. Many produce so many eggs and sperm that the sheer numbers of offspring make success of a few likely.
Vertebrates , however, tend to be more specialized in their reproductive habits. As a consequence, a great deal of energy is spent in assuring the most optimal conditions for survival of the young. Environmental pressures such as bad weather conditions or high predation rates call for species with the highest assurance of success. Two of the most successful types of reproductive styles are called iteroparity and semelparity.
Iteroparity occurs when a parent breeds year after year. This means that the success of the parent's genetic material surviving to another generation is increased with every brood. For most plants and animals this works quite well. If for some reason conditions do not favor the survival of the young one year, there is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.24914
Retrieved Text: Kevin is a fifth-grader who actually enjoys taking science tests because he knows the perfect way to become well prepared. Even difficult science concepts can be easy to grasp with clear explanations and animations. Marko, a humanoid pencil, has just the right tips to help Kevin understand science, have fun, and get ready for tests.
Marko introduces Kevin to Bailey, a butterfly who is an expert in Life Science. Once they arrive at Marko's Super Science Station, the fun learning begins. Kevin gets ready for his life science test with lessons on plants and photosynthesis, and he even has a chance to show off a few things his grandfather taught him about plant reproduction. There's even a surprise visit by legendary rocker "Rubbert Plant," who performs a medley of his hit songs about xylem and phloem cells.
Then Bailey teaches Kevin about her favorite topic: the life cycle of a butterfly. Just as she is finishing the lesson, Bailey challenges Kevin to be a contestant on a game show about animal groups and characteristics.
After winning the game show to the crowd's delight, Marko shrinks everyone down to visit the Cellular Learning Center. Kevin gets the inside scoop on plant and animal cells, and learns how they are similar and different. Then Marko gives Kevin (and everyone) a special treat by revealing the location of his "Edible Cell Model" recipes on his website.
Our adventurers then size things up to reach the Ecosystem Learning Center. Kevin learns all about food chains and food webs, and he comes to understand how

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.21212
Retrieved Text: Students conduct a seed hunt by opening fresh fruit and locating the seeds. They describe and compare seed properties. Students examine and sort a selection of seeds—bean, pea, sunflower, and corn. They investigate the effect water has on the seeds by setting up seed sprouters and observing and recording changes over a week. Students systemically find out how much water lima beans soak up in a day.
Students embark on a seed hunt, delving into an assortment of fresh fruits. They open fruit, locate the seeds, describe seed properties, and count or estimate the number of seeds in the fruit.
Seeds develop in the plant part called a fruit.
Different kinds of fruits have different kinds and numbers of seeds.
Seeds have a variety of properties.
Where are seeds found on plants?
Students use two kinds of sprouting devices to find out what effect water has on seeds. They water the seeds daily for a week and record their observations.
Seeds undergo changes in the presence of water.
A seed is an organism, a living thing.
Can a seed grow without soil?
What effect does water have on seeds?
Students draw and write observations in their science notebooks.
Students compare the mass of seeds that have been soaked in water overnight to the mass of dry seeds. They determine how much water the seeds soaked up.
A seed contains the embryo plant and stores food and water.
When seeds are soaked in water, they become bigger and heavier.
How much water does a seed soak up?
Students show they are able to use the scales.
Students examine germinated seeds to determine similarities and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.058064
Retrieved Text: Did You Know That Plants Can Tell Time | Is this a Miracle or Science?
HOW plants Can tell time? Isn’t it Sound Weird?
Yes there is a new study found that plants can tell time. by adjusting their daily circadian rhythm to the cycle of 24 hours. by measuring the amount of sugars in their cells.
But Question rises, How can a plant tell time?
we all know that plant are considered as in the category of living being. But they are not supposed to be a machinery while a clock is processed by the help of a a machine, battery or cell. three pins to indicate the hour, minute and second of time and 12 numbers. Furthermore a when a clock works without battery or cell then it works by the help of electricity. Even more science is upgraded a clock is worked without battery cell and electricity. when it is in touch with the nerve beat of wrist actually it is a wrist watch. that is how Plants Can Tell Time.
A platform where we are standing it is full of strange and wonders. Technology evolved a lot and inventions are getting more update and advance form to moderanise our life style. in a very simple way but with a very upgraded gadgets which are developed.
well if we want to know how Plants Can Tell Time. come to the point that in actual does a plant can tell the time or it can be used to check the time or not?. Actually to understand the reality get the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.905088
Retrieved Text: Shop Top Branded Grow Plant Kit Online. Get Up to 70% Off!
Find Grow Plant At Target™. Buy Online & Pickup In-Store!
The third type of plant reproduction is the spore. The plants use sexual reproduction with the haploid cell of one plant, and the haploid egg of another plant. This makes the sporophyte cell, which feeds off of the parent plant until it is grown enough to support its own life cycle.
In order for the plant to grow, the seed cracks open and the plant begins to sprout out of it. This is called germination and is the next step in the life cycle. We draw this step in the diagram in our notebooks. The plant continues to grow until it is mature enough to produce flowers which is where reproduction occurs.
Plants that reproduce via a seed do so in a process called germination. The embryo waits inside the seed (some plant embryos can wait for decades) until outside conditions begin to break down the seed's outer shell or testa A seed needs water and heat to germinate.Water assists the seed in breaking the seed coat, which in some cases can be very tough.
Start studying science fusion Unit 4 lesson 3: how do plants grow and reproduce. Learn vocabulary, terms, and more with flashcards, games, and other study tools.
How Plants Grow and Reproduce - Chapter Summary and Learning Objectives. Plant growth and reproduction processes can vary widely by the type of plant.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.879868
Retrieved Text: Describe the short term cycling of carbon through the processes of photosynthesis and respiration.
Identify carbon sinks and carbon sources.
Describe short term and long term storage of carbon.
Describe how human actions interfere with the natural carbon cycle.
Carbon is a very important element to living things. As the second most common element in the human body, we know that human life without carbon would not be possible. Protein, carbohydrates, and fats are all part of the body and all contain carbon. When your body breaks down food to produce energy, you break down protein, carbohydrates, and fat, and you breathe out carbon dioxide.
Carbon occurs in many forms on Earth and is found throughout the environment (Figure below). The element moves through organisms and then returns to the environment. When all this happens in balance, the ecosystem remains in balance too. In this section, let’s follow the path of a carbon atom over many years and see what happens.
These are some of the structures that carbon takes.
Nitrogen is also a very important element, used as a nutrient for plant and animal growth. First, the nitrogen must be converted to a useful form. Without “fixed” nitrogen, plants, and therefore animals, could not exist as we know them.
The short term cycling of carbon begins with carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere.
The production of food energy by land plants.
Plants and animals engage in the reverse of photosynthesis, which is respiration. In respiration, animals use oxygen to convert the organic carbon in sugar into food energy they can use. Plants also go through

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.704546
Retrieved Text: Check new design of our homepage! Reproduction is one of the distinguishing features of living organisms, and is essential for the survival of any species. Such perpetuation of species is achieved through two fundamental Reproduce asexually - sexual and asexual. Sexual reproduction involves the formation of a zygote, through the fusion of gametes from two parents.
The zygote develops into an embryo, and grows into an offspring. On the other hand, asexual reproduction involves Reproduce asexually formation of a genetically identical offspring from a single individual. The primitive life forms predominantly exhibit asexual reproduction. The ability to exist in two genders evolved with the changing environment. With the increase in complexity of the newly evolved life forms, the dominance of asexual reproduction decreased.
Nevertheless, each kingdom encompasses a set of strictly asexual organisms, as well as a set of organisms characterized by the presence of both sexual and asexual phases. What is Asexual Reproduction? Asexual reproduction is a reproductive process devoid of gamete formation and fertilization, and mostly proceeds via mitosis. The resultant offspring is a clone of the parent organism due to Reproduce asexually absence Reproduce asexually genetic exchange.
Budding, fission, fragmentation, vegetative propagation, etc. Such reproductive cycles complete in less time, as compared to sexual reproduction, which serves as an evolutionary advantage. However, owing to the lack of genetic variation, the ability to adapt to changing environment is limited.
In asexual organisms, genetic Reproduce asexually can Reproduce asexually only through random mutations. Being so, they are dependent on favorable mutations to cope with environmental changes. List of Organisms

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.376692
Retrieved Text: Winter is not always the best season for botany lessons outdoors, but there are still plenty of fun things to explore indoors when it comes to plants.
Today we are going to investigate how plants survive harsh periods when they can't grow, such as periods of cold weather or drought.
Or at least gather some pictures.
Look out the window on a winter day. Where are all the plants?
Plants have different life cycles. Some plants are annuals, meaning they complete their life cycle in one growing season. At the end of the season the plants release seeds that fall to the ground. Take a look at the seeds and examine the outer layers, called seed coats.
The seed coat keeps out decay organisms and helps the seeds survive until conditions are right for growth.
A few of our common edible plants are biennials. Plants like carrots and onions require two growing seasons to complete their life cycles. In the first growing season they store up food in the root or bulb. The root remains protected underground over winter. The second year the plants utilize that food to grow flowers and produce seeds. (Show the roots, bulbs and seeds).
Try planting a carrot root or onion bulb. What do you think will happen? (Note: to save food, simply plant the carrot top and the bottom, white part of a green onion.) See if you can grow the plants until they flower and produce seeds.
Other plants are perennials, which live for three or more years. Of these, some survive the winter as storage structures

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.209665
Retrieved Text: Monarch Waystations are places that provide resources necessary for monarch butterflies to produce successive generations and sustain their migration. Our Pollinator Habitat met the requirements to become a certified waystation by providing milkweeds, nectar plants, and shelter for monarchs throughout their annual cycle of reproduction and migration.
On July 11, 2008 our Pollinator Habitat Monarch became a certified Waystation number is 2287. You can visit the Monarch Waystation website to view images of our site.
The next step in the Monarch Waystation Program is to partcipate in their Migration and Tagging Program.
Jackie Hochard, Westmoreland County Master Gardener, is guiding our group through the Monarch tagging process.
Jackie has been working with Ms. Aubrecht, an Allegheny County Master Gardener, to collect monarch larvae from the Pollinator Habitat. The larvae were then put into small containers where they continued their life cycle.
The larvae each formed a bright green chrysalis. After 14 days, each chrysalis emerged into an adult Monarch butterfly.
The University of Kansas has developed the Monarch Tagging Program which helps scientists follow the monarchs along their migration route to Mexico.
The tag number is recorded and the data sheet is completed. Data includes male or female, date, reared or wild, and location of realease.
The newly tagged monarchs are then released by nectar and shelter plants. The monarchs will soon begin their trip to Mexico for the winter.
Content copyright . Harmony Habitats. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.951681
Retrieved Text: Microbial colonisation of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal hyphae.
Interactions between plants and soil microbes can have a large influence on plant performance and plant community structure, while in return plants can modify soil microbial communities. I am particularly interested in the interactions between plant roots, arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) and soil bacteria. AMF are symbiotic soil fungi that are able to colonize the roots of about two third of all terrestrial plant species. They assist plants with the uptake of immobile nutrients such as phosphorus, and, therefore, the thin hyphae can be considered as an extension of the root system. It is well known that bacterial colonisation of the rhizosphere (the zone around plant roots) can be crucial for many pathogenic as well as symbiotic plant-microbe interactions. Similarly, colonization of hyphae might also be important. However, even though extensive literature exists on rhizosphere colonization, surprisingly little is known about hyphal colonization. In my research I combine community approaches with studies on individually isolated bacterial strains.
Molecular mechanisms involved in root colonisation of Pseudomonas fluorescens. Sexual reproduction of Phytophthora infestans (University of Bangor, Bangor, UK) The role of exopolysaccharides in the symbiosis between Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. viciae and its host Vicia sativasubsp. nigra.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.904003
Retrieved Text: 34 results found for "Julie K Lundgren"
An up-close look at why so many people enjoy camping and the types of equipment needed for a fun and safe trip.
This book describes the physical characteristics, habitat, behavior, life cycle, diet, and reproduction of these feathery producers of eggs.
This book describes the life cycle of the pine tree and explains why pine forests are important to humans, animals, and other plants.
Astounding photos and attention-grabbing facts reveal the environmental issues owls face as they hunt for food and raise their young.
Stunning photos and thought-provoking facts reveal the environmental issues hawks face as they hunt for food and raise their young.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.620314
Retrieved Text: With the exception of single-celled organisms and very simple life forms, living things have complex bodies that contain many functional parts. You can organize these parts into different levels of complexity or cellular organization. They range from the smallest, simplest functional units of living things to the largest and most complex.
Most organisms have functional parts with five levels: cells, tissues, organs, organ systems and whole organisms. Cells hold genetic material and absorb outside energy. Tissues make up the bones, nerves and connective fibers of the body. Organs work to perform specific bodily tasks, such as filtering blood. Organ systems are groups of organs that perform a specific kind of function together, such as digesting food. Together, these smaller systems make up an entire living organism, which is capable of growing, using energy and reproducing.
Cells are the smallest functional units of all livings things. Both plants and animals contain various kinds of cells. Cells help living things absorb nutrients. In the case of animals, these nutrients come from food. In the case of plants, they come mostly from sunlight, which plant cells convert into usable nutrients via a process called photosynthesis.
Both plant and animal cells carry genetic material in the form of DNA. Without DNA, livings things would not be able to pass on their individual characteristics or the characteristics of their species to the next generation.
Different kinds of cells perform different functions. For example, in animals, red blood cells help to attack viruses, while sperm and egg cells aid in reproduction.
Tissues are the organic material from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.609837
Retrieved Text: If you have ever wanted to know more about biology, but thought it would too confusing, then this is the book for you. We take the concepts of biology and put them in simple terms, allowing you to better understand the amazing diversity of our planet! With An Introduction to the Wonderful World of Biology, you’ll learn about how cells do the work that supports life. You will also come to appreciate the cycle of life, how species interact with each other, the results of changes within the environment and what makes up the biosphere. No matter if you are new to the subject or looking to expand your knowledge of biology, this book provides a unique perspective that will make biology come alive. Explore such topics as the following: • Cells and how they function • What does DNA do • How organs function • Life cycles of plants and animals • Photosynthesis • Biosphere • Mass Extinctions We explore each of these topics to gain a big picture view of biology and how it functions in the real world. This is not just a book defining biology as a study of life, it takes the study and applies to real life interactions. Photosynthesis is not only described, we show how interconnected this process is with so many others. DNA and the critical role it plays in reproduction and the production of proteins is broken down into easy to understand terms. No matter what draws you to biology, this book provides clear cut answers to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.55107
Retrieved Text: There are almost 300,000 known varieties of algae, with new types frequently discovered by scientists. Algae may appear to be plant life, but it isn't categorized as such; rather, it is known as a protist. Algae lives exclusively in water and can be either unicellular or multicellular. Although there are many differences between plants and algae, there are also several similarities.
Put simply, photosynthesis is a process that plants undergo where they take light energy from the sun and convert it into chemical energy and chlorophyll. As with plants, algae also photosynthesizes. Plants and algae use the chemical energy that they produce during the process as "food" to keep themselves alive. This means that both plants and algae are autotrophic, which means "self-feeding."
When considering the habitats of plants and of algae, you will note both similarities and differences. Both plants and algae can grow in water, so this is a characteristic they share. However, algae grows exclusively in water, whereas plants grow either in the soil or in water, depending on their variety. When both plants and algae are growing in the same body of water, they will have to compete for light and resources.
There are some shared characteristics between algae and plants in their uses and functions. Both algae and plants exist, in part, to be eaten by living creatures. These creatures may, in turn, end up being food for a larger animal. As such, plants and algae are essential parts of an ecosystem. However, both plants and algae can become a threat to the diversity

================



======= Instance Index 455 =========
Input Text: When hurricanes move over land, the hurricane does what?

Which is the correct answer?
- speeds up a considerate amount
- stops almost at once
- gains a lot of strength
- loses capacity to withstand great force or pressure

Target Text: loses capacity to withstand great force or pressure

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.833794
Retrieved Text: A category 5 hurricane reaches destructive wind speeds, as high as 157 miles per hour, but once it makes landfall, its forward speed may only be 10 mph. The forward speed of a hurricane does not equate to its wind speed, it represents the pace at which it travels across the landscape. Hurricanes can also include the destructive effects of storm surges that inundate coastlines; inland flooding from heavy rainfall and tornadoes spawned by the ferocity of the storm. The longer that hurricanes remain over land can amplify these destructive effects, but generally only to a limited extent.
Hurricane strength gets rated based on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale , a 1 to 5 rating founded on its sustained wind speed. Category 1 and 2 hurricanes have wind speeds that range from 74 to 110 mph. Category 3, 4 and 5 hurricanes cause the most damage with wind speeds that range from 111 to 157 mph or higher.
As powerful and dangerous storms that form over tropical waters and can strike land areas in their path with deadly force, hurricanes bring with them extremely high, sustained winds above 74 mph and possibly reaching upwards of 157 mph. Forward speeds of hurricanes generally average from 10 to 35 mph, depending on the latitudes, with the fastest-moving storms occurring at the highest latitudes. For example, hurricanes impacting New England, for instance, tend to move more quickly than hurricanes striking Cuba. Hurricanes can also remain stationary for a while, as did Hurricane Mitch over Honduras in 1998.
Although there are extremely rare

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.035614
Retrieved Text: Home › Science › What are hurricanes?
Hurricanes are large swirling storms that produce winds of 119 kilometers per hour (74 mph) and higher. At those speeds, a hurricane is faster than a cheetah’s record sprint. Hurricanes form over warm ocean waters and sometimes move their massive winds toward land. When a hurricane reaches land, it pushes a wall of ocean water toward the shorelines. This wall of water is called a storm surge. With heavy rains and tidal surges, flooding damage can occur to buildings and the land around them.
There are five categories of hurricanes and are identified by the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. These categories are based on wind speed.
What the video clip Hurricanes 101 by National Geographic. What ideal weather conditions are needed in order to create hurricanes?
What are some of the destructive dangers hurricanes cause with its massive winds?
34 kiwis, is it likely to have many hurricanes in california?
Interesting question! It’s very unlikely to have hurricanes in California because we don’t have the right weather for them to exist. We are more likely to have dust storms because we live in desert areas with little rain each year.
The costliest hurricane to hit land fall was hurricane kartrina.
One thing I learned from the video is that a Hurricane can be almost as big as Texas.
Most tornadoes have wind speeds less than 110 miles per hour .

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.791943
Retrieved Text: Like tornadoes, typhoons and hurricanes happen when warm air mixes with cold air, creating intense wind, rain and flooding. Typhoons and hurricanes are the same type of storm, but they happen in different places. Typhoons occur in the Pacific Ocean around Hawaii and Asia. Hurricanes occur on the eastern seaboard along the United States and Central America.
Typhoons and hurricanes happen when warm air mixes with cold air, creating intense wind, rain and flooding.
Hurricanes can be up to 600 miles wide. They move slowly over the ocean, gaining power and speed.
When they hit land, they can cause flooding and destroy buildings and cars.
Hurricane winds can blow up to 200 miles per hour.
In the center of a hurricane is the eye of the storm. In this area, the weather is calm.
Hurricanes can last more than a week, making them very destructive.
When hurricanes hit land, they can cause flooding and destroy buildings and cars.
A video all about typhoons and hurricanes and how they work.
Question: What should I do in case a Typhoon or a Hurricane will hit my area?
Answer: Leave the area if you can. If not, board up your home and stock up on supplies like water, food, pet supplies, batteries, gas and money. After a hurricane, people often go for many days without water, food or electricity.
Enjoyed the Easy Science for Kids Website all about Typhoons and Hurricanes info? Take the FREE & fun Typhoons and Hurricanes quiz and download FREE Typhoons and Hurricanes worksheet for kids. For lengthy info click here.
Declan, Tobin. " Hurricane and Typhoon

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.53462
Retrieved Text: Hurricane Alex, a category 3 storm at its strongest, traveled north along the east coast of North America in August 2004 causing flooding, strong waves, and rip tides along the coast.
As a strong hurricane heads towards the coast, people prepare - boarding up houses, packing the car, and evacuating. These storms can spell disaster for people in hurricane prone areas. They are the most powerful of all weather systems. They are also huge storms – the average hurricane spreads across 340 miles.
Hurricanes form from disturbances in the atmosphere over warm, tropical ocean water. They die down when they move over land or out of the tropics and into cooler latitudes. These storms are called hurricanes in the Atlantic and typhoons or tropical cyclones in other areas of the world. Because of the Coriolis effect, the storms rotate counterclockwise in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere. At the center of the rotating storm is a small area of calm weather and clear skies called the eye of the storm. Surrounding the calm of the eye are the most intense winds of the storm and thick clouds of the eyewall.
Hurricanes grow when the storms travel over areas with warm ocean water, low winds outside the storm, and high levels of moisture in the atmosphere. With the Make a Hurricane Interactive, you can figure out what areas of the Atlantic are most prone to hurricanes.
Not all storms are the same. Large and strong storms cause much more damage than small storms. In the Atlantic and Eastern

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.584496
Retrieved Text: Hurricane season officially peaks today: September 10.
It has been a quieter-than-average hurricane season so far, but things are picking up in a big way: three hurricanes are churning in the Atlantic, with Hurricane Florence rapidly approaching the US East Coast.
Hurricane Florence, a Category 4 storm with 140 miles per hour (225 kilometres per hour) winds, is expected to make landfall somewhere between North Carolina, South Carolina, and the Mid-Atlantic states on Thursday evening or Friday morning, according to the National Hurricane Center (NHC).
The Atlantic hurricane season officially begins on June 1, and this year was forecasted to have a slightly above-average number of storms.
An average hurricane season includes at least 12 named storms – which may be less powerful than full-fledged hurricanes – and six hurricanes, with three of those being major storms. (To qualify as a major storm, a hurricane must be category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson scale, with wind speeds in excess of 111 miles per hour (179 kilometres per hour).
Initial predictions didn’t quite pan out this year – so far, we’ve had nine named storms and five hurricanes. Only Florence has qualified as a major hurricane.
By July, after a relatively quiescent period for Atlantic hurricanes, experts predicted that the season would end up with an average or slightly less than average number of hurricanes.
But the season is just now peaking, and Hurricanes Florence, Isaac, and Helene are a stark reminder that we are not out of the woods yet.
Beyond the damage from wind and high surf, Hurricane Florence is predicted to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.03565
Retrieved Text: If a given year has more named storms than the name-list has names, how are additional storms named?
they are assigned names using the Greek alphabet.
If there is a tropical cyclone moving across the open Atlantic and the hurricane hunter finds it to have a maximum sustained wind of 133 mph, what classification would the National Hurricane Center assign to this tropical storm?
The trade winds are one of the wind belts that help form and steer hurricanes. In what direction do they typically blow?
Does air in the eye of the hurricane ascend or descend?
Which of the following is an incorrect statement about Figure 24.10 on page 450?
the air temperature in the center of the hurricane is cold compared to its surroundings.
Many hurricanes start near the west coast of Africa and move across the open Atlantic Ocean. What do meteorologists call the "trigger mechanism" for these types of hurricanes?
It is September 10th and a tropical cyclone has reached tropical storm strength over the open Atlantic Ocean. Hurricane forecasters however, are not forecasting that this tropical storm will become a hurricane. Why not?
The sea surface temperatures (SSTs) are 78F.
If a hurricane were centered in the middle of the Gulf of Mexico and it was heading directly to the north, on which side of the hurricane would you expect the fastest winds and greatest storm surge?
Which of the following destructive forces is made worse by a high tide?
Which of the following hurricane destructive forces is the most deadly?
What is the nickname of the Air Force C-130 hurricane hunter?
If sea surface

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.198586
Retrieved Text: Hurricane Marie was upgraded to a category five hurricane with winds of 160 miles per hour on Sunday.
It’s the first time a hurricane in the eastern Pacific Ocean has reached that intensity since Hurricane Celia in 2010.
Marie will not threaten any land area with winds of even tropical storm strength. However, large waves will impact Baja California and the southern California coast.
In addition, some moisture from Marie could work its way north to enhance the already above-average monsoon rainfall in the American southwest.
The water south of Mexico is normally warm and provides a breeding ground for tropical storms. This year the water temperature is above average, and conditions have been consistently good for tropical cyclone formation.
Marie is the thirteenth named storm, fifth hurricane, and third major hurricane (winds over 135 miles per hour) to be spawned in the area this year. This compares with an average of 16 storms, nine hurricanes, and four major hurricanes. The season has not reached its midpoint, so 2014 is likely to end up above average for all categories of tropical cyclone.
In addition to warm water, the area south of Mexico is characterized by low vertical wind shear (change of wind with height).
The result is a perfect concoction of conditions for the formation of tropical systems. From here they move west and/or northwest into the Pacific Ocean.
Though the hurricane season is typically active in the eastern Pacific Ocean, storms rarely affect land. Hurricanes and typhoons in any parts of the Atlantic or Pacific move west or northwest before curving to the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.050304
Retrieved Text: The sleeping giant may be about to awaken. Hurricane activity in the Atlantic is forecast to ramp up over the next couple of weeks. One storm could spin up in the Caribbean over the next couple of days and potentially impact Florida over the Labor Day weekend.
"A quiet August does not guarantee a quiet Atlantic hurricane season," said Colorado State University meteorologist Phil Klotzbach. For instance, he said that in 1961, no hurricanes formed in August, but four major hurricanes blew up in September of that year.
It's not surprising that the tropics are coming alive at this time. September is the peak month for Atlantic hurricanes, recording more hurricanes in that basin than any other month on record, the Weather Channel said.
The calm start to the Atlantic season is a stark contrast to the wild and woolly Pacific season, where 14 storms have already formed, including Hurricane Lane, which drenched Hawaii.
Two tropical storms, Miriam and Norman, are currently spinning in the eastern Pacific Ocean, both far from land. Both are forecast to become hurricanes within the next day or so, the National Hurricane Center said.
Miriam should curve to the north, away from Hawaii, but Norman could have some impact on Hawaii within the next seven to 10 days, Maue said.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.983025
Retrieved Text: November 30th marked the official end to this year’s record breaking hurricane season. Hurricane Harvey dropped the most rainfall for any one particular storm in North America on Houston, Texas. Hurricane Irma was the strongest Atlantic hurricane recorded outside of the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean since the National Hurricane Center (NHC) began keeping record. Hurricane Ophelia was the easternmost major hurricane ever recorded by the NHC. Not to mention that this was the costliest hurricane season on record.
What was so different about this season, and what does it mean for our future? Under our current practices, or what scientists refer to as "business as usual," mankind will continue to pump greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. This increases the global average temperature. As our climate changes, hurricanes and their behavior are also likely to change, and although all future hurricane seasons cannot be defined by this past season, this season serves as a cautionary tale of the new normal.
Hurricanes are dependent on their environment to form and strengthen, but one of the most important characteristics for hurricanes to thrive is warm ocean temperatures. With a warming climate, sea surface temperatures are also warming. This will allow stronger hurricanes to travel to regions that typically did not receive many hurricanes in the past. Hurricane Ophelia is a good example, impacting much of the British Isles and Northern Europe. Not only will hurricanes impact areas that formally did not experience many hurricanes, but they will also be more intense. Warmer temperatures allow for more moisture in the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.503212
Retrieved Text: Should the Hurricane Scale Be Changed?
When Hurricane Florence came ashore in September, 2018, many people thought it wouldn’t have lasting effects because it was a Category 1 on the hurricane scale.
Above is a view of Hurricane Watches and Warnings as Hurricane Florence approached the U.S. coastline. If you’d like to access our weather map, Sferic Maps, to track current tropical conditions and warnings, please click the link below.
We use a hurricane scale to help us gauge how much damage a tropical storm will bring. However, the current scale only measures wind. This is a problem when the most damaging impacts of a hurricane, rain and storm surge, aren’t involved!
Keep reading to find out more about the current hurricane scale and what a new and improved scale might look like.
The current hurricane scale we use is called the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale. The scale dates back to 1973 and is meant to easily convey the strength of a tropical system in terms of its maximum sustained winds. While effective in that regard, the overall scope and impact of the storm gets lost behind a single number based on a single variable.
As we mentioned briefly above, hurricanes contain three conditions that make them so dangerous and deadly.
“It’s just a Cat 1” is a phrase spoken by many who choose to stay behind during an evacuation when a hurricane is about to make landfall. Cat, short for Category, refers to the maximum sustained winds within a hurricane. Derived from the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale, hurricanes are given the status

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.359287
Retrieved Text: Hurricanes are the most powerful storms. They have been around for a long time. So if a hurricane is coming your way then you should take cover. Hurricanes form off the coast of Africa and travel towards warm water.
Hurricanes are formed over warm water with low atmospheric pressure, this pulls warm moist air towards the surface. Coriolis causes the wind to spiral counter clock wise in the Northern hemisphere and clock wise in the Southern hemisphere. When a hurricane makes landfall it loses power because it is leaving water and the hurricane is powered by water. The hurricane season is June, July, August, September, October, and December.
The Saffir-Simpson scale is used to categorize hurricanes. In the Saffir-Simpson scale you categorize hurricanes by their wind speed. The category wind speeds are 1-74 to 95 mph 2-96 to 110 mph 3-111 to 130 mph 4-131 to 155 mph 5-higher than 155 mph. Hurricanes are named after boy and girl names. In the early 1900's hurricanes were named after girl names. In 1979 boy names were added and if the storm was strong enough then the hurricane name would be retired.
This is the tracking map of Hurricane Katrina. It shows the category of the hurricane. As you can see Hurricane Katrina was a powerful storm.
In August of 2005 Hurricane Katrina hit land in the Bahamas, Miami, and went across Louisiana and went into the gulf of mexico. When the hurricane made landfall it was category 3. The highest wind speed of Hurricane Katrina was 175 mph. There was 1200

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.004223
Retrieved Text: We have all seen the destruction that Mother Nature has brought in the last few months, first with the hurricanes and now with the tornadoes. But what do these phenomenons have in common and where do they differ.
A hurricane is a huge storm! It can be up to 600 miles across and have strong winds spiraling inward and upward at speeds of 75 to 200 mph. Hurricanes only form over really warm ocean water of 80°F or warmer. The air must cool off very quickly the higher you go. Also, the wind must be blowing in the same direction and at the same speed to force air upward from the ocean surface. Winds flow outward above the storm allowing the air below to rise.
A tornado is a violent rotating column of air extending from a thunderstorm to the ground. The most violent tornadoes are capable of tremendous destruction with wind speeds of up to 300 mph. They can destroy large buildings, uproot trees, and hurl vehicles hundreds of yards. They can also drive straw into trees. Damage paths can be in excess of one mile wide to 50 miles long.
Hurricanes gather heat and energy through contact with warm ocean waters. Evaporation from the seawater increases their power. Hurricanes rotate in a counter-clockwise direction around an "eye." The center of the storm or "eye" is the calmest part. It has only light winds and fair weather. When they come onto land, the heavy rain, strong winds, and large waves can damage buildings, trees, and cars. Hurricanes usually

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.986164
Retrieved Text: It is that time of year again. We start hearing more and more about the upcoming hurricane season. News articles are released highlighting the potential for the season: will it be quiet or busy? What does that even mean? Most people have no idea.
Soon, the TV hurricane specials will air, printed hurricane guides will grace the check-out lanes at your local grocery store or big box retailer. All of this material is intended to help get you prepared for the season ahead. Unfortunately, none of the material can give you what you really need and that is experience and thus understanding. This is why, in my opinion, most people do not prepare adequately – they simply have no hurricane motivation; they have not been in one previously to fully understand the ramifications of not preparing for the next one.
Experience is our best teacher. This is proven time and again in just about anything we deal with in life. The more we experience something, the better we are at dealing with it in most cases.
Think about Florida for a moment. It has been over eight years since any hurricane what so ever has directly impacted the state. The last one was Wilma in late October of 2005. Anyone born in the state since then has zero hurricane experience. Anyone who moved to Florida since 2005 likely has zero hurricane experience. So why would we expect these people to prepare in such a way as to deem them “hurricane prepared”? They have little to no idea what it’s

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.75302
Retrieved Text: ALEXANDRIA, VA, June 29, 2016 – Of the 26 “major” hurricanes (Category 3 or greater) over the last decade, remarkably none have struck the US. However, with Tropical Storm Colin — the earliest third storm on record when it struck Florida June 5 — BoatUS recommends taking time now to develop a plan for the boat to weather the next storm or hurricane.
While predictions for the number of storms are near normal for 2016 Hurricane Season, you really can’t rely on them,” said BoatUS Seaworthy Editor Charles Fort. “Predictions don’t tell you where a storm may strike. Boat owners also need to understand that it doesn’t take a big storm to damage their boat. Colin was relatively weak, but when it came ashore it still damaged boats in the Big Bend region of Florida.
Can you count the number of boats in this photo that were damaged by 2012’s Superstorm Sandy? (Answer: 4).
You don’t have to start from scratch: Check out the range of free hurricane preparation information developed for boat owners and marinas at BoatUS.com/hurricanes. Easily downloadable storm-planning materials include a hurricane preparation worksheet, in-depth Boater’s Guide to Preparing Boats and Marinas for Hurricanes, up-to-the-minute storm tracking tools with live satellite images, and checklists for what to do before and after a hurricane strikes. Sample hurricane plans for boat and yacht clubs are also included.
Learn at home: Take the Hurricane Preparation for Boaters online course from the non-profit BoatUS Foundation and US Power Squadrons. From the comfort of home, you’ll be able to create a hurricane

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.37193
Retrieved Text: Hurricane Irma – reported to be the size of France – roared through the Caribbean, leaving a path of destruction and bearing down on Puerto Rico and Florida.
Less than a week after Tropical Storm Harvey tore through Texas and Louisiana, causing at least 65 deaths and billions of dollars in damages, Hurricane Irma is expected to be one of the most powerful hurricanes on record with maximum sustained winds of 185 mph – far above the 157 mph threshold of a Category 5 storm. On its heels still remains Jose, currently a tropical storm, in the mid-Atlantic. And early Wednesday, Tropical Storm Katia was developing in the southwestern Gulf of Mexico. U of T News spoke with Athena Masson, a PhD researcher in the department of physical and environmental sciences at U of T Scarborough who specializes in Atlantic-based hurricanes, on the frequency of the storms.
“While there is currently no direct link between climate change and an increase in major hurricanes, it is important to note that the more hurricanes that are forming will increase the chances of the Atlantic producing more intense storms,” she says.
How did Hurricane Irma form? How is it different from Harvey?
Unlike Harvey, which started to build strength in the Gulf of Mexico, Hurricane Irma formed in an area known as the Cape Verde region. This area is located just off Africa’s west coast near the Cape Verde Islands.
Hurricanes that form in this area typically have a better chance of evolving into major category storms (Category 3 and higher) because they are

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.355846
Retrieved Text: Tornado watches are routinely issued for the Northeast quadrant of land-falling hurricanes. Part of the reason is the enhanced wind shear in this quadrant. In the Northern Hemisphere, the right side (relative to direction hurricane is moving) of the hurricane experiences winds coming from the ocean onto the land (due to counterclockwise flow). The wind has a smoother trajectory over the water since friction is less. As the winds on the right side of the hurricane move inland, the force of friction forces this air to turn inward toward low pressure, thus setting the stage for wind shear in the low levels of the troposphere. The wind in the mid-levels is not turned as sharply as the wind near the surface. The enhanced speed and directional wind shear in this quadrant of the hurricane spawns primarily short lived shallow based tornadoes. They can be difficult to spot on radar, therefore their occurrence is often without warning.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.2345
Retrieved Text: Hurricanes Vs Tornadoes Essay - Which Is Worse, Thunderstorms, Tornadoes, or Hurricanes?
Hurricane landfalls are often accompanied by multiple tornadoes. On average around 9 tropical storms form hurricanes vs tornadoes essay year, with 5 reaching hurricane strength.
However, a tornado makes up for its small size with extremely high wind speeds, in excess of over miles per hour. Which did you choose? Violent C.
Many of these hurricanes develop but never hit land. Tornadoes have been spotted in all continents except Antarctica though a large number have been seen in the United States. It is powered by one convective storm.
A vicious storm called Hurricane Katrina was about to sweep through the Gulf Coast. Tornadoes and hurricanes cause millions of dollars of damage in the United States every year.
Quick Facts: Hurricanes get their start over the warm tropical waters of the North Atlantic Ocean near the equator. The wind speed and intensity of damage increases hurricanes vs tornadoes essay from Category 1 to category 5. Tornadoes actually hopkins essay prompt faster than hurricanes, moving close to miles per hour. They can not be ignored or avoided — only what should the introduction of a research paper contain with the hope and faith that everyone survives to see the next one.
There are some similarities between the formation of the two storm types, such research paper powerpoint presentation Photo credit: Average Tornado 1. Once a tornado passes, the weather quickly returns to normal.
Finally, the strongest tornadoes can have wind speeds over kph mphbut even the strongest hurricanes rarely produce wind speeds over

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.046936
Retrieved Text: A hurricane is a huge storm! It can be up to 600 miles across and have strong winds spiralling inward and upward at speeds of 75 to 200 mph. Each hurricane usually lasts for over a week, moving 10-20 miles per hour over the open ocean. Hurricanes gather heat and energy through contact with warm ocean waters. Evaporation from the seawater increases their power. Hurricanes rotate in a counter-clockwise direction around an "eye" in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise direction in the Southern Hemisphere. The centre of the storm or "eye" is the calmest part. It has only light winds and fair weather. When they come onto land, the heavy rain, strong winds and large waves can damage buildings, trees and cars.
If you live an area that's prone to hurricanes, then an emergency kit can be a big help for you. A hurricane survival kit is designed to give you all the basic things you need to survive and be safe, from a way to get clean water for yourself to first aid kits and other helpful tools.
Hurricanes only form over really warm ocean water of 80°F or warmer. The atmosphere (the air) must cool off very quickly the higher you go. Also, the wind must be blowing in the same direction and at the same speed to force air upward from the ocean surface. Winds flow outward above the storm allowing the air below to rise. Hurricanes typically form between 5 to 15 degrees latitude north and south of the equator. The Coriolis Force is

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.922384
Retrieved Text: Is Sandy the second-most destructive U.S. hurricane ever? Or not even top 10?
Still, that $50 billion to $60 billion is clearly a massive number by any yardstick. So how does Hurricane Sandy compare alongside past U.S. hurricanes? Well, it's either the second most destructive storm ever — or much further down the list. It all depends on how you count.
Notice something striking about this list. Even after adjusting for inflation, the costliest storms have all occurred in the past decade. So does that means the hurricanes themselves have been getting more powerful and destructive of late?
Notice that Sandy ranks a bit lower on this list. What's more, many of the 10 most destructive hurricanes came in the early part of the century. Still, even when we adjust for all of these different variables, eight of the 30 most destructive storms have occurred after the year 2000.
There seems to be a pattern here. The National Hurricane Center report notes that between 1961 and 2000, there was actually a relative lull in the frequency of hurricanes hitting the United States. But storm activity then went up again after 2000. "[L]andfall activity during the 2000’s has picked up significantly," the report notes, "and is now near the frequency seen in the very active 1950's."
And what about the future? As humans keep warming the planet, climate scientists predict that the frequency of hurricanes will likely "either decrease or remain essentially unchanged” overall. The bad news is that what hurricanes do form will likely be stronger, with fiercer winds and heavier

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.887829
Retrieved Text: Hurricanes and Society in the British Greater Caribbean, 1624-1783 by Matthew Mulcahy is a revealing look at an obscure topic. Historians rarely give weather such an in-depth treatment, so it’s interesting to see how these weather events affected Britain’s Caribbean colonies. Quite a bit, as it turns out. Hurricanes influenced colonists’ morale, their perception of the natural world, health, social order, and economy. Hurricanes were an ever-present disruptive force that compelled colonists, and plantation owners in particular, to change the way they did business. They also caused an untold amount of damage to crops, human capital (slaves), and shipping throughout the region. Colonists had to rebuild and replant after every major hurricane in addition to meeting their basic survival needs, which put strains on every other aspect of colonial life.
Hurricanes undermined colonists’ morale by challenging the concept of improvement and by testing their faith that they could “dominate and transform” nature. British colonists came to the Caribbean with a sense they were pursuing a divine mission, so when hurricanes destroyed everything they built, their faith was shaken. “The threat from hurricanes helped create a sense of fragility and uncertainty among colonists as the possibility of violent destruction and chaos hovered over the region each year,” Mulcahy argued.
Central to the colonists’ sense of themselves was the belief they were taming and improving nature, but the destruction wrought by hurricanes demonstrated that nature would not be so easily tamed. Ironically, some of the “improvements” made to the Caribbean islands, such as the cutting down of trees, made colonists

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.819532
Retrieved Text: Hurricane Michael is expected to hit Florida’s Gulf Coast early this afternoon.
Hurricanes form near the equator, driven by warm ocean water.
As humans warm up the atmosphere by burning fossil fuels, hurricanes are getting slower, wetter, and more dangerous.
The bands of Hurricane Michael, a major Category 4 storm, are hitting the Gulf Coast of Florida. Its eye is expected to make landfall imminently, and Michael could be the most destructive storm to hit Florida’s Panhandle in decades.
“THIS IS A WORST CASE SCENARIO for the Florida Panhandle!! Listen to your local emergency officials. Stay Inside & Survive!” NWS Director Dr. Louis Uccellini tweeted Wednesday.
Hurricanes are vast, low-pressure tropical cyclones with wind speeds over 74 mph.
In the Atlantic Ocean, the hurricane season generally runs from June 1 through November, with the peak of storm activity occurring around September 10. The storms form over warm ocean water near the equator, when sea surface temperature is at least 80 degrees, according to The National Hurricane Center.
As warm moisture rises, it releases energy, forming thunderstorms. As more thunderstorms are created, the winds spiral upward and outward, creating a vortex. Clouds then form in the upper atmosphere as the warm air condenses.
As the winds churn, an area of low pressure forms over the the ocean’s surface. At this point, hurricanes need low wind shear – or a lack of prevailing wind – to form the cyclonic shape associated with a hurricane. Once the wind speed hits 74 mph, the storm is considered a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson scale.
Hurricanes use warm water

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.777472
Retrieved Text: Tropical cyclones are slowing down. Hurricanes have lost their hurry. Paradoxically, this is bad news: they have more time to work their mischief.
LONDON, 15 June, 2018 – Tropical cyclones are moving more slowly. As temperatures rise, the pace at which a hurricane storms across a landscape has slowed perceptibly in the last 70 years. But the slowdown means each hurricane has more time to do more damage and deliver more flooding.
“Tropical cyclones over land have slowed down 20% in the Atlantic, 30% in the northwestern Pacific and 19% in the Australian region,” said James Kossin, of the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s national centres for environmental information.
He reports in the journal Nature that thanks to atmospheric warming as a consequence of the profligate combustion of fossil fuels in the last century, the summer tropical circulation has slowed and, along with it, hurricane and typhoon speeds. Overall, since 1940, cyclone movements have slowed by 10%; over some land areas, they have slowed much more.
But as the temperature goes up, the capacity of the atmosphere to hold moisture increases – by at least 7% with each degree Centigrade. That means a tropical cyclone – a whirling system of terrifying winds bearing huge quantities of water – has both more water, and more time to drop it over land.
And Dr Kossin cites the example of Hurricane Harvey which in 2017 dumped more than 1.25 metres of water on Houston, Texas and the surrounding countryside in just five days. Devastating floods displaced 30,000 people, and 89 died. Economic losses

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.769117
Retrieved Text: Hurricanes are large tropical storms that form over warm ocean water and often rotate towards land. They can cause immense damage to anything in their path, especially when they reach Category 3 or higher.
Peak season in the Atlantic basin starts June 1st and runs through November 30th. Even with modern technology, it’s hard to predict the path and strength of hurricanes because there are many factors that come into play. This means it’s extremely important to stay informed and have a plan before it’s too late.
In the devastating wake of Hurricane Harvey, many homeowners are realizing just how important it is to be prepared. The massive storm that hit southern Texas on August of last year is estimated to have caused over $180 billion in damage. Now, Hurricane Florence is approaching the Eastern coast of the United States with winds reaching 125mph.
To see what these steps entail, read the full Homeowner Checklist here.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.76854
Retrieved Text: › Larger image The Cape Verde islands off the western African coast are often mentioned during the Atlantic Hurricane Season, and are known for developing "Cape Verde hurricanes." NASA's Aqua satellite flies over the islands almost daily, and recently captured a stunning visual image of them while directly overhead.
Last month, the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer, or MODIS instrument on NASA's Aqua satellite captured a peaceful looking satellite image of the Cape Verde Islands. As quiet as they appear in the winter, they were active in the summer of 2006 when NASA conducted an airborne hurricane field campaign nearby. That's because the Cape Verde Islands region is important in the formation of some Atlantic Ocean hurricanes.
The NASA African Monsoon Multidisciplinary Activities (NAMMA) experiment included flights of the NASA DC-8 aircraft (based at Cape Verde) along with ground-based radar and other measurements from the islands and Dakar, Senegal, in western Africa. The goal was to study the transition of major convective storms moving off of Africa that had potential to develop into tropical cyclones.
Scott Braun, research meteorologist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Md. said, "A particular focus in this experiment was the role of the warm, dry, and dusty Saharan Air Layer (SAL), which some studies have suggested may play a role in storm formation and evolution. There is considerable debate as to whether the SAL acts to aid or prevent storm formation and intensification, and the NAMMA data, combined with a wide variety of NASA satellite products, should help us to address key science questions

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.764025
Retrieved Text: TRI-STATE - The wrath of Hurricane Charley missed the Tri-State region during the weekend, but area meteorologists expect powerful rainstorms to be the rule rather than the exception for the next two months.
At least one meteorologist is predicting hurricanes that hit land in 2004 will be twice the strength of typical storms.
Forecasters from the National Weather Service and AccuWeather say the number of hurricanes and tropical storms during the peak of the storm season in the area of the Atlantic Ocean - mid-August through mid-October - is expected to be well above average.
According to the National Weather Service's Web site, hurricane experts say the likelihood of an above- or near-normal season is 90 percent.
Steve Rogowski, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Sterling, Va., said the projections are based on large-scale patterns they observed this year such as sea-surface temperature and wind patterns.
Though the Washington County area likely will receive abundant rainfall, Rogowski said it is too early to predict when and if a hurricane or tropical storm will blow through the area this year.
"We can't forecast tropical systems that haven't developed yet," Rogowski said. "But conditions are favorable for more tropical patterns to develop."
Rogowski said two active tropical storms can be tracked now. He said Hurricane Danielle is in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean and is expected to move north, and Tropical Storm Earl is just north of Venezuela and expected to move west-northwest.
Rogowski said those storms are unlikely to effect the Mid-Atlantic region.
However, AccuWeather Meteorologist Kerry Schwindenhammer said Hurricane Earl is following

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.739985
Retrieved Text: In what sounds like a scenario lifted from the script of a Hollywood disaster movie, two back-to-back hurricanes are currently moving their way toward Hawaii.
Hailed as a meteorological first, its thought the island state will feel the brunt of torrential rain and 125mph winds later this week - though there are fears that the first of the two twisters could make land on Hawaii's 'Big Island', becoming the first such hurricane to do since weather records began being officially recorded for Hawaii.
The Governor of Hawaii David Ige has issued an emergency warning for the state, outlining disaster relief in the case of flooding and wind damage expected as hurricane Madeline draws close to the south of the islands - which, due to the rotation of the hurricane, could batter Hawaii's south coast with waves and rain. It's expected to reach the main island between Wednesday 31 August and Thursday 1 September.
The second of the two hurricanes, named Lester, is roughly 1,000 miles east of Madeline. Weather site Weather Underground has described it as taking on more of the characteristics of "an annular hurricane... which raises the odds of Lester remaining strong enough to affect Hawaii as a hurricane". It's thought that Lester could move north of Hawaii's islands by Saturday - but a direct strike has not yet been ruled out.
Weather Underground meteorologist Bob Henson explained to Gizmodo that a rise in ocean temperatures is probably the cause of the unprecedented double hurricane. "Usually the waters [along this storm track] are on the edge of what’s

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.700684
Retrieved Text: When a hurricane strikes, it is followed by a number of serious dangers which include heavy rains, high winds, a storm pour, and even tornadoes. The main objective of this page is dissipation in hurricanes and their dispersion. Read on.
Several different ways are the cause for the disintegration of hurricanes. One such way is if the cyclone moves over land, it is deprived of the warm water needed to power itself. Thus it quickly loses its strength. Most dispersion of hurricanes comes quickly after the loss of their strength very rapidly after landfall. They either evolve into extra tropical cyclones or become unsystematic areas of low pressure within a day or two. If it remains over mountains for even a short time, dissipation in hurricanes will continue and weakening will speed up.
It has been seen that most storm fatalities happen in the mountainous landscape. As the dying storm sets free heavy rainfall, it leads to deadly floods and mudslides. Additional disintegration of hurricanes can happen if a storm remains for too long in the same area of ocean. But in the absence of warm surface water, the storm cannot survive.
Dissipation in hurricanes or tropical cyclone can also occur when it moves over waters significantly below 26.5 °C , for this will cause the storm to lose its tropical personality and become a residual low pressure area, persisting for several days. This is the main dissipation mechanism in hurricanes in the Northeast Pacific ocean.
Disintegration of hurricanes can also happen if it faces a vertical wind shear. This

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.622107
Retrieved Text: ABOVE: Dramatic videos showing devastating effects of Hurricane Harvey in Houston.
As residents in Houston continue to feel the devastating effects of Hurricane Harvey, another storm could be brewing and heading to Atlantic Canada.
Harvey, which made landfall late Friday as a Category 4 hurricane and dropped heavy rain as a tropical storm, sent destructive floods into Houston and forced thousands of people to flee their homes.
A power generator tips in in front of a Texas hospital as Hurricane Harvey hits Friday.
Houston Police SWAT officer Daryl Hudeck carries Catherine Pham and her 13-month-old son Aiden after rescuing them from their home surrounded by floodwaters from Tropical Storm Harvey Sunday.
Wilford Martinez, right, is rescued from his flooded car by Harris County Sheriff’s Department Richard Wagner along Interstate 610 in floodwaters from Tropical Storm Harvey on Sunday.
Two kayakers try to beat the current pushing them down an overflowing Brays Bayou from Tropical Storm Harvey in Houston, Texas, Sunday.
A drives moves through flood waters left behind by Hurricane Harvey, Saturday.
The storm has not had a significant impact on Canada, but Halifax meteorologist Jim Murtha said the system currently developing in southern U.S. could bring heavy rainfall and strong winds to parts of Atlantic Canada mid-next week or beyond.
If the storm forms and unfolds with tropical characteristics, he said the next name on the list is Irma.
Canadian cities and towns aren’t hit as hard as places in the United States, but hurricanes and tropical storms can have a significant impact on the country, especially on the east coast.
In fact, the Canadian Hurricane

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.614576
Retrieved Text: Hurricane, the term comes from Spanish term,”Huracan” that is a further derivation of phrase”Juracan” a god of storm. For a layman every swirling thunderstorm which strikes the land is a hurricane or typhoon as individuals, in the majority of cases come to understand such terms in the information. However, so as to learn the difference, we must learn few essential theories of the tropical cyclones. Hurricanes, typhoons, tropical depressions, cyclones and tropic storms are the derivative titles for Tropic Cyclones, based on their own strength, size and location.
critter control near me can be discerned from tropical depression or thunderstorm on the basis of its strength, concentration and location. Whereas, hurricanes and typhoons are moving storm systems using the minimum wind speed of 66 knots or 119 mph, which is potentially catastrophic. A cyclone of these intensity develops an eye, a place in the middle of system with lowest atmospheric pressure. Maximum rate of hurricanes has been estimated to approximately 314 mph.
Hurricanes grow usually because of the creation of favorable atmospheric conditions around disturbance in the air. Natural phenomenon such as El-Niño, Madden-Julian oscillation and Atlantic Multi-decadal oscillation modulate the background atmosphere. Tropical systems, once born are transferred by rapid winds in troposphere under favorable conditions. Since the systems move it will develop an eye. But if the atmospheric conditions don’t allow, the system becomes weak and dissipates. Presently, technology hasn’t been advanced enough to induce dissipation of these storms or a hurricane.
Atmospheric pressure recorded in the middle of the eye is lowest happening on sea surface

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.535442
Retrieved Text: Last year's hurricane season was a doozy, despite the fact that top forecasters were way off in their predictions of how many tropical storms would actually strike the U.S.
But the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season, which spans June 1 to Nov. 30, is indeed predicted to be "above average," according to forecasters at Colorado State University. Meteorologists Philip Klotzbach and William Gray at the university's Tropical Meteorology Project predict 18 storms, nine of which will be hurricanes, several news outlets reported.
In 2012, Colorado university team — which has been doing seasonal hurricane forecasts for 30 years — named 10 storms and four hurricanes. But what really happened was far worse: 10 hurricanes, including the enormous Sandy, which led to dozens of deaths and billions of dollars in destruction.
This year, for the entire U.S. coastline, there is a 72% chance of a major hurricane hitting land, USA Today noted. For the East Coast, including Florida, the chance of a significant slamming is 48 percent and the chance along the Gulf Coast from the Florida Panhandle to Brownsville, Texas, is 47%, the news outlet reported.
The Tropical Meteorology Project forecast for the Atlantic basin, which covers the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, noted that of the nine hurricanes forecast, four of them will likely become major hurricanes — categories 3, 4 or 5 — that can produce winds of 111 mph and greater, Reuters said.
Gray said one of the reasons for last year's inaccurate forecast was the lack of a predicted El Nino. "We thought an El Nino

================



======= Instance Index 108 =========
Input Text: Where might you find the substance used to make the shiny metallic foil paper used in cooking?

Which is the correct answer?
- Clouds
- Rocks
- Wood
- Leaves

Target Text: Rocks

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.34218
Retrieved Text: Foil stamping makes an ordinary brochure shiny and irresistible.
Foil stamping is a special printing process that uses a heated die to press pigment or a thin metallic film onto a sheet of paper. It’s often combined with embossing to make words, logos and graphics literally jump out from the page.
Add some shiny bling by using metallic foils in colours like silver, gold, green, blue and orange.
Make a bold statement with gloss pigment foils – you choose the colour.
Go for elegance with deep coloured matte pigment foils.
Be unique with special texture foils like marble, wood grain, leather or pearl.
Go high tech with a holographic image transferred onto a special foil.
Foil stamping is most effective as an accent to make one part of a brochure stand out. It needs the right paper, placement and colour to look its best.
Foil stamping works best on smooth, thicker paper stock. For best results, make sure your brochure is at least 80#, and stay away from textures like linen that can keep the foil edges from looking crisp.
Foil stamping can be used on folded brochures, but it can’t go across a fold. Make sure your foiled words or design won’t end up in a crease.
Because foil stamping is opaque, you can use a light coloured foil over a darker background. As with all printing, your foil will stand out better if there is a strong contrast between the foil and the background.
Brochures are a staple of trade shows and tourist attractions, but they’re also great for a host of other uses, including

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.84904
Retrieved Text: Vanessa's Card Studio: Finding Your Own Pot of Gold!
Actually today’s post is about adding foil (gold or otherwise) to your projects. Yes, I know you’re thinking that you already have gold embossing powder, so why do you need foil? Well, it’s a texture thing. When you add foil to your paper it turns into a beautiful, smooth, shiny image. (See that 4 leaf clover above? My camera did not do it justice. It’s gold and shiny and beautiful!) Sometimes you might want the“orange peel” texture of the powder over the smooth texture of the foil and vice versa. Since you already know how to emboss, this post will teach you how to add foil.
I used the following items to make my card shine. First, I used My Digital Studio, which is a software product by Stampin’ Up, to find my St Patrick’s day images. Then I printed those images onto Whisper White cardstock in my laser printer. (This won’t work with inkjet printers, so you need a laser print for this technique. Don’t have one? You could go to your local office store and get them to print it for you on theirs. Just be sure to take your own cardstock.) Then you’ll need a laminator. (Mine is a simple one from Staples. It doesn’t show me a temperature range, but rather only hot or cold. I used hot. lol) You’ll need a plain piece of printer paper and some foil. I used Therm-o-Web Deco foil that I found at my local craft store.
Cut off a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.92516
Retrieved Text: We don't just print our own designs! Whether you are an amazing graphic designer and are familiar with printing or your best friend designed your wedding invitation and you need someone to print them, we love to take on custom print projects. Read more below and contact us for more details.
We offer letterpress, foil stamping and digital/flat printing. We can stick to one print method or mix all three!
Letterpress is a hands on, antique printing technique. Ink is pressed into the surface of the paper creating an impression and texture. We create a polymer plate for each color used and the finished piece will be run through the press one time for each color used. We hand mix our inks and can match just about any color under the sun!
Foil Stamping is similar to letterpress with a few key changes. In place of ink, shiny foil sheets are stamped into the paper with a heated metal die to create an impression on the surface of the paper. The result is a shiny metallic finish rather than a flat solid ink. We can do a range of metal finishes and color. Inquire for more information!
Digital/Flat Printing is ideal for designs that require large swaths of color or watercolor gradients. The ink lays flat on the surface of the paper creating a smooth surface.
Our House paper is ideal for letterpress printing. It’s a tree free paper made from 100% cotton with a luxe hand feel and lofty appearance. We stock bright and natural white in both 110# and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.60889
Retrieved Text: What a model Sakrison! Tremendous. Would really like to see it "in the flesh".
If I could ask, how did you get the metallic outer for the CM?
Also, do you know where Carl Hewlett's SM is available?
It's a foil-covered cardstock from CutCardStock about 80# weight, I think. As Billy Leliveld described it, I reversed the images from the model and printed them on the backside (white paper) of the foil cardstock. I used pinholes to mark the placement of panels, handholds, and such. It was easy to work with and fingerprints and glue spots can be polished off with a damp cloth.
You might find something similar at a scrapbooking store or art supply shop. If all else fails, I have an unopened pack of 25 letter-sized sheets that I'll never use. (I was going to do the SM in foil until I realized that was not correct.) PM me if you're interested. I'll charge less than I paid.
Aleen's Tacky Glue (my usual sticky stuff) will stick to the foil but not very securely. I used WeldBond glue on the foil for a stronger bond -- the same stuff I use for gluing plastic canopies to paper.
Is there any place to buy Ken's 1/12 CM model? I looked at ecardmodels.com but that site is under construction.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.568092
Retrieved Text: Beauty trend – fit for the holiday season we can apply finally times again thick – and nail polishes in metallic tones and with glitter particles. We explain what colors and styles are just said and how they quickly get rid of stubborn paint.
Christmas and new year are coming up short. Candles, lights, wreaths and gold and silver balls now provide glossy accents at parties or in the own House. No wonder that reflected the run-up to Christmas in our styling. Sequins are now on skirts and Strasssteichen on sweaters. Also the makeup may not come. Eyeshadow in metallic shades is severely, but also shiny Nail Polish is currently often used.
Gold, silver or bronze are a good color choice not only on public holidays. Pimp a simple outfit in black, grey or Navy in the blink of an eye on and trim it to noble. Nails in metallic tones seem fresh to a white fully look. Our Tip: Tune the color of the nails on the other accessories or the jewelry for a harmonious overall impression.
‘Shine Bright like a Diamond’: Rihanna’s song is currently again on everyone’s lips. How could women implement better the motto, as with a varnish with sparkling gloss effects? Currently finally there in abundance. If you like it more discreet, you can apply a varnish with tiny particles of colour solo. Who wants to stand out, combined it with a hint of lip or a metallic flavor. Important: Wear always a base coat so that better again later, you can remove the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.30307
Retrieved Text: Foil stamping is a special printing process that involve the use of pressure, heat, foil film and meal dies to come up with different shiny designs as well as graphics on different materials. The process has evolved gradually from similar processes that used to exist a number of years ago. It is not a new concept invented by an individual. Foils are available in various assortment of optical effects, finishes and colors. Today, metallic foil is seen as sliver foil, gold foil, copper foil as well as holographic metallic foils. Foils are also available in in solid colors of both matte and glossy finishes. Foil stamping is becoming the most preferred printing method in most industries as it gives an incredible and shiny to a stamped design. The process is also referred to as dry stamping, leaf stamping, foil printing and hot stamping. It is called hot stamping due to the involvement of heat and dry printing because the printing process does not involve the use of any kind of heat. There are different types of foil stamping depending on the design needs.
The dry printing process does not involve the use of ink, plates and some sorts of magnetism as used in traditional printing process. Instead, it uses foil, heat, dies, and curved plates in the whole stamping process. The process involves the sculpted or die coming in contact with the foil and hen a thin layer of the foil film transferred onto the target surface. As the metal plate becomes heated up, the foil sticks

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.311226
Retrieved Text: S’mores are a quintessential summer camping treat. Now you can have that ooey-gooey, chocolatey goodness even when having a fire isn’t possible.
With this simple summer STEM activity, you can show the kids how to make solar oven s’mores at home.
Warning: It may just become one of your favorite STEM activities!
Wrap aluminum foil, with the shiny side out, around the pizza box lid. You may need to use a bit of tape to hold the foil securely. Tape a second piece of foil, shiny side up, to the bottom of the box. Finally, cut a piece of black construction paper so that it fits at the bottom with 1 inch of foil showing on all sides. Secure the black paper to the foil, rolling the tape so it is hidden under the black paper.
Cover the opening in the box with clear plastic wrap. This will help keep the bugs off and holds in the heat. Use tape to hold this plastic in place.
Finally, use your pencil (or a wooden dowel) to hold the flap open. Set the solar oven in the sun, positioning it so that the sun reflects off the foil on the lid’s flap. You may need to adjust the pencil’s position. Tape can help keep the pencil in place.
Now you’re cooking s’mores with your solar oven!
Check your s’mores every 10 minutes. They are ready to eat when the marshmallows are able to squish under the top graham cracker.
Use a thermometer to see how hot your solar oven gets. How does this temperature compare to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.151
Retrieved Text: Foil (or hot) stamping is the process of applying heat and pressure through a metal plate created from your artwork to transfer metallic or colored foil onto the material surface.
Foil stamping is excellent for creating a metallic finish. There are a range of colors available with either a shiny or matte finish.
Clear foil can be used to accentuate the artwork without adding any color.
It is recommended that foil stamping be done in combination with a deboss. By doing so you are increasing the longevity of the artwork on your foiled stamp binder.
A die is required for this decoration process at an additional charge. Pricing is based on the area of the artwork to be foiled and will be confirmed on review of artwork provided. Should a combined application of foil and a deboss be used only one die is needed.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.949013
Retrieved Text: A colored, metallic or matte foil is stamped onto the paper with a heated metal die, leaving an impression of your design. The result is a smooth, foil-like graphic that contrasts with the porous feel of the paper creating a visual and physical contrast between the two.
Foil stamp timelines are more lengthy than other print methods. Allow 10–14 days after proof approval.
Foil stamping can be done on a vast amount of non-heat sensitive papers—uncoated, coated and textured. Since the stock is not being fed through a press, very heavy paper weights are also conducive to foil stamping. Avoid extra large, solid areas of foil especially on both sides of the sheet.
While foil stamping is ideal for ultra opaque, saturated colors and shiny (sometimes reflective) metallics, the color options are limited to "basic" colors. Foil stamping is one of the few options that will produce a solid opaque color on a dark paper. Consult your print rep for a sample of the available pigments.
Depending on the relationship with your print shop, they may allow for a foil stamp check by the designer. If possible, it is recommended that this is done.
There are two types of foil stamping machines (a.k.a. hot foil stampers). A manual stamper is used for low to mid quantity jobs and an air-powered (pneumatic) stamper is ideal for medium to high volume jobs.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.826782
Retrieved Text: Southeast Asian recipes such as Amok are sometimes steamed in banana leaf containers. Since these are fairly expensive (and presumably not indefinitely reusable), is it possible to use, say, parchment paper instead?
What is a good low-cost and easy to find substitute for banana leaf in these recipes? (and for Amok in particular) If obvious candidates like parchment paper aren't suitable, why not?
If you can find a local Asian or Mexican specialty food store, you'll be more likely to find them, though they may be in the frozen section. Part of the uniqueness of these leaves is that they impart a slight flavor to the food cooked in them.
People in the tropics use these huge leaves to line cooking pits and to wrap everything from pigs to rice. The leaves impart a subtle anise fragrance to food and protect it while it's cooking. Frozen leaves--once thawed--work just fine. Boil the leaves before using them to keep them from cracking. Look for banana leaves among the frozen foods in Asian, Hispanic, or specialty markets.
Personally, I'd go for other leaves before foil or parchment. Particularly with steaming, I find that parchment can get soggy and may collapse if you're making it into boats, so you might want to test it before going crazy. Foil can be problematic because it can be very easy to puncture unless you get super heavy-duty foil and then you'd potentially lose all of the sauce.
It looks like you can easily make this using small bowls like ramekins, rice bowls or small souffle molds or

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.811066
Retrieved Text: The use of sharp, steel rules to cut shapes in printed material, such as a “window” that lets you see through the cover of a brochure. This term also applies to paper products, magnets and other printed material where a “die” is prepared and then used to cut the outer edge to create a specific shape like a house shaped magnet or business card.
A process that stamps an image into the surface of paper, using engraved metal dies, extreme pressure and heat. Embossing styles include a raised design created by making an impression on the reverse side.
A depressed design created by making an impression into the surface. Debossing is often used on leather and other material where an impression from the back can’t easily be made.
An impression that applies a thin metallic “foil” to a design. Some processes allow foil to be applied over an embossed area and will often incur a close registration charge. Foil stamping is also applied to paper stock (generally cover stock) of a metallic, tissue-like material that resembles foil, available in a variety of colors and patterns.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.091377
Retrieved Text: Hot stamping (or foil stamping) is a dry printing method in which foils (metallic, holographic) are transferred to the printed surface at high pressures and temperatures. The shape of the stamped motif is determined by the size and shape of the die, generally manufactured from magnesium or brass.
The hot stamping techniques are most often used in security printing where hologram, Kinegram or metallic foil are used in ensuring security. It can also be applied in the so-called dry embossing (or relief embossing) – a relief embossed into the paper texture without the use of foil.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.071636
Retrieved Text: Characterized by crisp, raised lines of text and fine-detailed results, engraving is a traditional method of invitation and stationery printing. Print dies are made for each color, which are filled with ink and pressed against the paper leaving a trademark “bruise” on the back of the card. Some additional strengths of engraving include the option of using metallic inks, printing with light-colored inks on dark paper, and the ability to print on extra thick, luxurious cotton paper. Embossing can also be paired with engraving to creating a raised surface that emphasizes select elements of text or illustration.
Printing with foil offers the best option for achieving a truly shiny metallic appearance, although there are a wide variety of options beyond high shine foils in the form of matte, pearlized, and even textured foils. Color consistency throughout a print run, with bright, saturated colors in particular, as well as the ability to achieve extremely fine detail when applied to hard or coated paper stock are advantages of printing with foil. For an extra dynamic look, foil stamping can also be combined with other print processes such as letterpress and engraving.
Letterpress is the oldest form of printing (dating back to the 15th century) and is known for its tactile quality and timeless aesthetic. Raised plates or print dies are created for each color being printed, which are then inked and pressed into the paper. The resulting impressions are best carried by thick, soft paper. Letterpress was originally performed with hand-set type made from wood or metal, but modern plate-making

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.738274
Retrieved Text: Here you will find one or more explanations in English for the word Sodium. Also in the bottom left of the page several parts of wikipedia pages related to the word Sodium and, of course, Sodium synonyms and on the right images related to the word Sodium.
Sodium So"di*um, n. [NL., fr.E. soda.] (Chem.) A common metallic element of the alkali group, in nature always occuring combined, as in common salt, in albite, etc. It is isolated as a soft, waxy, white, unstable metal, so readily oxidized that it combines violently with water, and to be preserved must be kept under petroleum or some similar liquid. Sodium is used combined in many salts, in the free state as a reducer, and as a means of obtaining other metals (as magnesium and aluminium) is an important commercial product. Symbol Na (Natrium). Atomic weight 23. Specific gravity 0.97. Sodium amalgam, an alloy of sodium and mercury, usually produced as a gray metallic crystalline substance, which is used as a reducing agent, and otherwise. Sodium bicarbonate, a white crystalline substance, HNaCO3, with a slight alkaline taste resembling that of sodium carbonate. It is found in many mineral springs and also produced artificially,. It is used in cookery, in baking powders, and as a source of carbonic acid gas (carbon dioxide) for soda water. Called also cooking soda, saleratus, and technically, acid sodium carbonate, primary sodium carbonate, sodium dicarbonate, etc. Sodium carbonate, a white crystalline substance, Na2CO3.10H2O, having a cooling alkaline taste, found in the ashes of many plants, and produced

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.714443
Retrieved Text: Line Cook Jobs Near Me Quinoa Recipes – Cooking Quinoa in the Crockpot, Many people are turning vegetarian for the healthy lifestyle plus a fit body. Some turn to macrobiotic diet which balances an individual’s both mental and physical condition by utilizing foods that energy and they are high in nutrition. Macrobiotic diet also helps in healing the diseases. In day by day life people frequently get confused that what if and when they eat and where would they find good vegetarian recipes? To overcome this you ought to go on upgrading your understanding about various recipes all over the world so that you should never be inside a dilemma or quandary.
Cumin: When you purchase taco seasoning or flavoring in the market, cumin may be the spice that gives it that distinctive flavor. However, cumin doubles in other Mexican dishes such as stews, on grilled meat, lamb and chicken. Some of the most popular dishes cumin is utilized in are chile con queso, pork casseroles and enchiladas with sauce.
There are three basic models, the lamp cooker, panel model and parabolic reflector model. Box cookers are most preferred for baking purposes. It is qualified to acquiring extremely high temperatures of 300 degree Fahrenheit. But requires a longer time. Panel cookers may also be affordable and may be generated easily at home from cardboard boxes and foil paper. Here the basic idea is by using shiny sheets which could direct the sunlight to a particular area within the cooker and thus lead to heating of the food. The

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.805435
Retrieved Text: Make your documents shimmer & shine, with Toner Adhesive Foil Fusing. Foil Fusing can help to give your printed pieces an elegant and professional look that isn’t available through standard printing techniques. Easily hot foil business cards, invitations, certificates, awards, and more. With multiple foiling methods, Binding101.com offers a solution for personal and home use, as well as office and high production foiling.
Add brilliance to your documents with Toner Adhesion Foil Fusing Rolls. This special toner adhesion foil is available in a wide variety of colors & designs. The adhesive on the foil only sticks to the dry toner used in most black and white copiers and laser printers. There are 2 ways to apply the foil. First, with a foil fusing machine that uses rolls of foil and applies them with a heated roller similar to the way a laminator applies laminating film. However, the foil only sticks to where there is dry toner. Second, you can apply foil many of our pouch laminators by cutting the foil out to the size you want to apply foil on your paper sheet, placing the foil over the desired location, inserting the paper and foil into a carrier and the running it through the pouch laminator.
Applying foil in this manner adds brilliant metallic color foil to black and white toner copied or printed documents. The foiling application is very popular for wedding or other invitations, award certificates, creating borders for craft projects, adding pizzazz to business cards or letter head, and anything else which would benefit from

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.745384
Retrieved Text: Golden texture background. Paper glitter material.
Silver gradients background. Realistic metallic texture. Elegant light and shine template.
Light realistic, shiny, metallic empty golden gradient template. Vector illustration.
Baked in a foil steak salmon with a lemon and a marble on a wooden background.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.60679
Retrieved Text: The product formed by vacuum metallic polyester film, which color layer to thermosetting epoxy layer cross, can produce a wide variety of color, by way of screen printing, coating, spray for wood, paper, cloth, metal, leather goods, ceramics and other materials. Forming a decorative or reflective, such as special and striking effect. Glitter PVC material not resistant to high temperatures (60 c), not acid. Pet glitter material resistance to high temperature (190 c), acid and alkali.
The product is composed of very thin aluminum foil, its color outer thermal solid cross-bonded epoxy layer. Glitter (glitter) applies to many soluble materials can also be coated. Metallic glitter is an ideal material for plastic products, temperature is 250 ° c, acid and alkali-resistant.
This product is a unique color glitter powder, does not contain metal, but due to the optical characteristics of polymer membranes that make up the product, and thus the products with changes of metallic color and luster, significant color change. Especially suitable for printing, craft industry, cosmetics, accessories, product appearance with color changes.
The product highlights, imported by Gao Xuancai laser original film, with a high temperature coating color and shape by professional precision cutting machine specification unified sequins. Original film for eco-friendly PET laser film, holographic glitter powder made of the higher price, because laser glitter glitter reflective effect of good, it is generally used in injection molding, glass building materials industry, burning in its shiny surface.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.29312
Retrieved Text: How Can Vehicle Signage Benefit Your Business?
You don’t just want another business card or flyer – you want something eye-catching, bold and even a little fancy. You may think foil stamping effects are a bit over-the-top for the average business, but dare to be above average and brave the shiny world of foil.
Foil stamping is created by etching a design onto a metal die, then a piece of special foil is placed between the die and paper. This printing sandwich is then placed in a hot stamping press to seal the deal and your material comes out embossed with a metallic sheen.
Adding foil elements to your your material gives it class, sophistication and a ‘look at me’ quality that is second to none.
However, before you go recruiting your printer to slap the sparkle everywhere, there are a few things to consider in your design.
Start with some research. Before launching into designing your material and choosing which elements you want to emboss, it’s wise to talk to a graphic designer about their experience and recommendations. The may have some previous work you can look at for ideas, or will be able to offer insights on how to tweak your current branding to incorporate foiled elements. Alternatively, take a look around the world wide web for some examples and take notes on which ideas will work for your business.
Similarly, your printer may have some examples of work they have foiled so you can gauge a better idea of the finished look. This will also allow you to check

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.288567
Retrieved Text: Our 100% leather products are designed in Australia and manufactured in China. We have worked hard to find and select the best craftsmen who produce only the highest quality leather products.
Please note that as all our monogramming is done by hand, every item is unique and there may be slight variations.
The metallic foil in your monogramming can fade with general wear and tear or if it comes in contact with substances that can react to the composition of the foil, such as perfumes, cosmetics and other chemicals. Excessive rubbing can also cause the metallic foil to fade.
We can re-do the monogramming on any of your products. Please send the item back to us or drop into any of our stores to have your item re-monogrammed free of charge.
For our applied customization options (Shadow Text and Cursive) excessive scratching can affect the personalization color. If the product is intentionally bent or folded this also can cause the personalization to be damaged.
As a general rule, you should take care to avoid rubbing your item against rough or sharp surfaces to minimize scratching. Should your product get wet, remove any residual water immediately with a paper towel, pat loosely with paper and allow it to dry naturally.
We recommend using a natural solvent such as eucalyptus oil to clean any marks on your TDE product.
Please note that different leathers will wear differently and may change appearance over time.
Our most popular leather variation. Made from top quality calf leather, slightly textured in a cross-hatch pattern and finished with a wax treatment.
A

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.251083
Retrieved Text: If you’re not a huge fan of cooking (like me) then when you do need to cook, you want it to be as quick, easy and mess-free as possible. That’s why from a young age I began cooking meat in Bacofoil®. I found that cooking in foil kept the meat tender, retained lots of the cooking smells and made for easy washing up too. That’s a win-win if you ask me!
When I was challenged to show how The Bacofoil® Non-Stick Kitchen Foil makes meal preparation easy for families I knew exactly what I was going to do, one of our favourite meals for eating healthily when we want simplicity.
Take a large sheet of Bacofoil® The Non-Stick Kitchen Foil which can be folded over and sealed at the edges to make a sealed bag.
Place a single chicken breast on the foil, top with lemon slices, potatoes and drizzle with olive oil for flavour.
Sprinkle with chopped chilli, dried basil and salt and pepper to taste.
Fold the foil over the chicken (shiny side out) and seal all edges by rolling and scrunching together so no air can escape.
Place the foil parcels on a tray and place in the centre of the oven.
Bake until the chicken is cooked through and tender, approximately 25-30 minutes.
Boil carrots, beans, sugar snap peas and broccoli to serve with chicken. NB: Be careful when opening the foil packets as hot steam will escape and may cause burns.
Now that Lillie and Ollie are 10 and (nearly) 8, they are both becoming more and more interested in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.135456
Retrieved Text: What is meant by the Dielectric Properties?
Which containers should be used?
What happens to other materials?
Why should food be manipulated?
When should foods be pricked?
Is microwaved food healthier than conventionally cooked food?
How do microwaves heat food?
What is the difference between a Commercial and Domestic model?
Which foods are best to cook for a first time user?
Which foods are unsuitable for Microwave Cooking?
Is the Microwave more energy efficient than a Conventional cooker?
Electrical energy is normally transmitted through wire but as electro-magnetic energy it can travel through space or along tubes. From electricity we obtain light, heat and power. From electro-magnetic energy, microwaves, we receive radio and television, long distance calls and radar. Microwaves are naturally present in the atmosphere from the sun, stars and during thunderstorms.
This is the amount of microwave energy which is available to heat and cook food. It is usually described in Watts e.g. 900 Watt power output. The input is the total amount of watts used by the appliance to generate the microwave energy. The input is always more than the output.
A magnetron inside the appliance converts the electricity into microwave energy. The magnetron produces high frequency electromagnetic waves (microwaves) of 2,450Mhz. The microwaves pass along a metal tube (waveguide) into the metal lined cooking cavity. In some models the food is rotated on a turntable to achieve a similar effect.
The make up of food or a substance determines how much microwave energy is absorbed, transmitted, reflected and concentrated by it and is called, the dielectric properties. Described as the 'loss factor'and 'dielectric constant' this can

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.975616
Retrieved Text: This easy project is a fun way to keep a little Springtime indoors all year round and brighten up a corner. I had so much fun making these foiled wood blocks! I was delighted to be invited to attend the FaveCrafts Blogger event which was held in January at the Craft and Hobby Association Megashow. Boy was I excited when I learned that Therm O Web would be one of the guest manufacturers. I have loved their products forever so when I received a box of their wonderful foils and adhesives to try out, you can bet that I was one happy crafter! If you've never played with foils before, they are totally addicting. You basically put down an adhesive of some sort - glue or double sided adhesive sheets or tape - then press foil sheets down to make the shiny stuff stick. It's fabulous!!! So give foiling a try with this quick and happy project.
American Easel Wood blocks - three 4" x 4"
1. Cut three 4"x4" squares from a sheet of ThermoWeb DECO FOIL™ White Foam Adhesive. You'll notice that one side of the foam adhesive square is a white paper release sheet and the other side is a shiny slick release sheet. It's easier to draw on the white paper sheet so leave that one on and peel off the shiny sheet from one foam square to expose the adhesive. Press the square sticky side down onto a wood block. Repeat for the other two blocks.
2. Click here to download the garden artwork and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.860092
Retrieved Text: I love this color combination! The Peacock and Ruby are so rich with color and the Kraft makes a nice accent to highlight with. Great choice, Vickie! We reference CTMH colors but you can use any product you like. Just make sure to match the colors of the challenge as close as possible. Neutral colors plus black and white are free to use, too.
This card is pretty straight forward. It's a side fold standard size card (5.5" x 4.25"). I stamped the images and used the gold shimmer brush on each flower. The strips along the bottom is gold foil but kind of looks like craft. It's hard to photo the shiny stuff. LOL I stamped the flowers using the Stamp and Roll technique. First ink the stamp then stamp on scrap paper. Go back and roll the edges of the same stamp in ink again. You get a two tone image this way.
Are you feeling inspired? We hope so! Join the fun by making any paper craft you like. Share it on our home page where you'll also find all the details about joining the challenge. We LOVE being inspired by you! Can't wait to see what you make.
Hey, I might have to get this stamp...it looks like water coloring, love the technique. Very pretty card. Your link was incorrect, but it is fixed on the post.
Thanks, Sue. This stamp set was first on my list when the catalog came out. Thanks for fixing my link.
I'm loving this stamp set the more I see it

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.625237
Retrieved Text: To some print may be dead. I just think the meaning of print has just changed. The idea of news-based print is disappearing because of the speedy nature of the digital world. But what about those special pieces? You’re never going to be able to replicate the feel of an embossing, foil or nice textured stock on a screen. So in my eyes, there’s still a place for it.
Finishes are something that can really make a printed piece stand out. But what special finishes are available, and ultimately what will it look like? Let’s take a look through a few of the options.
Want a custom shape to your print? Then that’s when die cutting comes into play. Die cutting enables you to add shaped edges or cutouts to your page or documents. You may want to have a window on the outside cover that shows through the content of an inner page, like in the example above. Or you may want your stationery to have curved edges. We would create a path for the printer to follow and they would make a die to cut the shape out. Die cutting works on most weights but the more intricate the pattern, the heavier the stock needs to be to keep its rigidity.
Foiling is usually associated with metallic or shiny finishes, but there are many others out there! Holographic, matt, fluorescent and even clear foils all exist for our printing pleasure. It’s a great way to highlight little details such as a logo, title or typography and really

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.412548
Retrieved Text: Tips for Adding Shine with Deco Foil - Sew What, Alicia?
To say that I am obsessed with shiny things is an understatement! I love my sewing and quilting but sparkle was something that I was definitely missing! That has all changed! Keep reading to learn about adding shine to your sewing projects!
I have been sitting on some pretty big news! I am officially part of the Thermoweb design team! I have used their products for years but when I met them and saw their Deco Foil in action I knew it was something that I HAD to be part of!!!
There are lots of ways to work with Deco Foil but when you are using it with fabric it can be intimidating! I wanted to give you a quick crash course in using Deco Foil so you can start adding some sparkle to your projects!
The first step is to cut out your pattern. You can use any pattern that you want to add foil to. I am going to foil the pot for one of the cactus in my appliqué. Trace the pattern onto a piece of the hot melt adhesive as well as onto a light colored piece of scrap fabric. Place the hot melt adhesive rough side down paper side up onto the fabric. Press the adhesive onto the fabric using a pressing cloth.
Peel the paper off and you should reveal a shiny adhesive.
Cut a piece of foil large enough to cover the fabric. Place the foil onto the shiny side of the adhesive with

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.404926
Retrieved Text: This post contains affiliate links. See my Disclaimer for more information.
For the first foil manicure I did, I used LVX Cerulean as my base and the LVX 3-in-1 Treatment to create the tacky surface needed to apply these foils. The foils I used are #6 and #2. LOVING this combination!
I was pleasantly surprised to find out how easily this foil applied, I had thought that it would be more difficult than it actually is. They're extremely vibrant metallic foils that you basically stick on and pull away to get the color.
-Apply your color of choice and let it dry completely.
-Apply a clear coat of nail polish and let it dry approximately 50-70%. You want it to be tacky but NOT wet.
-Press on the shiny side of the foil (the non-colorful side) and pull the foil away from the nail.
What do you think of these nail foils? Planning on trying them?
Remember that Born Pretty Store offers free shipping worldwide and you can get 10% off with my code "GAL91"!
Interesting. So you don't need a nail/craft glue with the foil from BPS? You have gorgeous naked nails by the way! I'm envious.
Nope, no glue necessary! Just a tacky surface. Aww, thank you! I owe it to my LVX 3-in-1 treatment.
Oh wow these all look so gorgeous! I love the look of foils but I don't think I have the patience lol.
Great, I love both versions!
I reeeeeally need some foils now <3.
The azure blue is beautiful with foils! I've only tried the Ciate ones, but I would be all

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.359097
Retrieved Text: Bindery services encompasses a large array of services. Basically, bindery is the final step of completing your print projects. This ranges from cutting a business to card to the final size to folding a tri-fold brochure. The quality of printing is important, but without bindery your project is incomplete. Like all of our work, we take pride and do it right the first time. Nearly all services are completed in-house to ensure quality.
Nearly every print project goes through a bindery process, most commonly cutting. We typically print designs multiple-up on a sheet of paper to minimize waste and keep your costs low. The second most common bindery service is folding. Folding a piece of paper turns a flyer into a brochure. More importantly, a good fold transforms your piece into a quality advertisement you can be proud of. You can trust us to make you look good.
Different binding options keep your book in one piece. Coil binding is most common. This plastic coil comes in a variety of colors and sizes, which makes it great for books of all sizes.
Saddle stitching is popular for booklets. Two staples in the center of the book hold the pages together. We even have square edging available!
Tape binding has a square edge and is most similar to standard book binding. A special tape with glue holds the pages together. Great for conferences!
3-hole drilling is commonly used when you have a large amount of material intended to be inside a 3-ring binder. This is perfect when you want the ability to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.307632
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time a friend sent me a lovely sheet of vintage car scrapbooking paper. I had gold embossed stickers on hand from a Custom Quilling kit, so combined the two and decided to add punched flowers in the center of the heart to tie everything together.
The foil is the heavy, textured kind that comes on yogurt containers. I find I use it pretty often as a craft supply.
To give a punched flower a bit of dimension, hold it on a fingertip or place it on your palm or a computer mouse pad. Rub in a circular motion with the top of a glass head pin or the end of a small paint brush... something rounded. This will cause the edges to cup so it looks more like a natural flower. The two upside-down flowers on the far right show the definite curve that results.
I dusted some older-than-I care-to-remember eyeshadows in rose, lavender, and blue onto the flowers with a little brush. They stuck surprisingly well to the textured surface of the foil, as would true chalks that are made for coloring stamped images.
I like the way the colors complement the hydrangeas on the car, and have to say it's fun when a play session goes well - definitely not always the case!
Totally brilliant! So very creative!
Your blog is wonderful - I have spent way too much time reading your posts since finding you this week. Love the card!
lovely card, love the idea on the little flowers they turned out great!
Love the vintage look of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.250546
Retrieved Text: The printing process you choose is as important as the design of your wedding invitations. From the color of the paper to its weight, what you choose can affect the overall vibe you want to express as the first impression of your wedding. I always say this to couples, "Your invitation sets the scene, like a director on a movie set. It will portray the emotional elements you want your guests to feel." Every couple wants to "tickle the fancy" of their guests, to impress both sides of the family and friends with a celebration that truly represents them.
When I sit down with couples, I always discuss what options are available when printing invitations. There are many possibilities and options to consider that reflect the couple's preferences while staying on budget. Below I outline all the printing options available through Lauren Rachel Designs as part of your design process.
WHAT: Flat printing is the classic combination of ink and paper. The ink is applied to the paper as flat and level to the paper. This is done digitally from computer file to printer.
WHEN: Ink printed to paper is the most common process. Multiple types of paper (color, weight) can be used however lighter colors of paper give the best results.
TIME: Flat printing is the most time effective and cost saving way to print your wedding invitations. It can take as little as 5-7 days to print.
WHAT: Foil stamp printing is an application of shiny foil to paper. Heat is used to adhere the foil to the paper.

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: A fire starts in a wide, open field and catches onto a forest. The fire started even though people were far away from the woods. A potential cause for the start of it could have been

Which is the correct answer?
- wind
- sand
- stones
- storms

Target Text: storms

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.20227
Retrieved Text: Blue skies, low humidity and a near-constant wind have been the norm of late. Ideal conditions if one has outdoor work to do or if visiting Otsego County for a golf vacation, but the same weather conditions spell trouble for area firefighters whom have been called out to several grass and field fires in recent days. The fire danger in Otsego and surrounding counties has ranged in the very high to extreme range, and burn permits have not been allowed for some time - yet the fires continue.
Meteorologists at the National Weather Service office near Waters offer a slight chance for some short-term relief, as the forecast calls for a chance of scattered showers and thunderstorms tonight and Thursday.
The Otsego County Fire Dept. (OCFD) and Michigan Dept. of Natural Resources (DNR) were called out Sunday afternoon to a wind-driven fire that raced across approximately four acres of open field north of Island View Road (near Big Lake) in Chester Township. The OCFD responded with two tank-er trucks, a pumper and manpower, while the DNR brought two water units as well as a small bulldozer used to dig a trench-like firebreak a-round the perimeter of the fire area. Overhead a DNR pilot circled the scene to offer directional assistance to ground crews. Cause of the fire remains under investigation.
On Monday shortly after 5 p.m. the same departments were on the roll again, this time to a 6 to 7-acre field fire behind a residence at 3765 Nowak Road (between Poquette and Kosiara roads) in Livingston Township. Due

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.886147
Retrieved Text: Question 1 What is a matchstick?
Question 2 A matchstick does not catch fire and burn on its own.Why?
Question 3 Kerosene oil and wood do not catch fire on their own at room temperature.Why?
Question 4 Can u burn a piece of wood by bringing a lightened matchstick near it.Explain?
Question 5 Cooking oil in a frying pan catches fire when the frying pan is kept over a burning stove for a long time.Explain?
Question 6 A matchstick can light a tiny splinter of wood but not a big log of wood.Why?
Question 7 Coal fire cannot by started by using a lightened matchstick directly?Why?
Question 8 Why do you have to use paper or kerosene oil to start fire in wood or coal?
Question 9 Why forest fires occur during the hottest summer days.Explain?
Question 10 It is difficult to burn a heap of green leaves but dry leaves catch fire easily.Why?
A matchstick does not catch fire and burn on its own at room temperature because the ignition temperature of matchstick is higher than the room temperature.A matchstick starts burning on rubbing it on the side of the matchbox because the heat produced by friction heats the chemical at the head of the matchstick to their ignition temperature and makes it catch fire.
Kerosene oil and wood do not catch fire on their own at room temperature because the ignition temperature of kerosene oil and wood are higher than the room temperature.If kerosene is heated little it will catch fire easily because kerosene oil has a comparatively low ignition temperature which is reached even

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.827717
Retrieved Text: The Lava River Tube in Flagstaff Arizona is a nearly mile-long cave located in the scenic Coconino National Forest. Its only about an hour away from the South Rim of the Grand Canyon. If you plan on visiting the Grand Canyon, this hike should be at the very top of your list of things to see. I would say this hike is definitely suitable for young children as long as they can be careful at the rocky entrance. I probably wouldn't plan on hauling a baby or your feeble old grandmother though. There's no gift shop on this hike and you're on your own if you run into trouble.
The entrance to the cave is short quarter mile hike from the parking area. The temperature in the cave ranges between 32-40 degrees Fahrenheit, so bring a jacket. There was actually snow and ice on the ground at the entrance to the cave in early October. The hike into the cave starts with a 200 yard rock scramble down into the actual tube. You won't have a tour guide and the cave is not lit, so you must have a light source. I recommend a buying a few cheap headlamps from Wal-Mart. After a few hundred yards, the cave eventually levels out. We spent an 30 minutes walking deeper and deeper into the cave. You can't get lost because the only fork in the cave leads right back to the main tube. The height of the ceiling can range anywhere from 4 feet to over 40. I took

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.09015
Retrieved Text: Wildfires in Brazil are often started by loggers as a means of claiming territory and displacing tribes.
Fires – almost certainly started by logging gangs – are raging across large areas of Maranhão state in Brazil. Despite global calls for action to protect the rare pre-Amazon forest and local uncontacted Awá tribespeople from being wiped out, so far the authorities have done very little to contain the blaze.
The fires were started approximately two weeks ago. Local Awá Indians have made repeated efforts to extinguish them, only to find more fires starting nearby. This pattern indicates conscious human efforts to set the forest alight, rather than natural dry season wildfires. Elsewhere in Brazil, loggers have been known to start fires to try and force indigenous people from the land.
This fire follows on from a similar incident in Arariboia Indigenous Territory last month, which was only extinguished long after it had started. It is believed that that fire was also started by loggers on the territory of a group of uncontacted Awá.
The Maranhão state government has sent only minimal support to the region to save the forest and the local Awá. This is consistent with its past attitudes towards tribes, and may be the result of close ties between some local and regional government officials and the powerful logging mafia.
In a speech to ranchers earlier this year, Maranhão state deputy Fernando Furtado said that Amazonian Indians are “a bunch of little gays” and that they should die of hunger. Racist attitudes of this sort are not uncommon even amongst

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.368137
Retrieved Text: The 416 Fire burns Saturday on the south side of the Hermosa Creek drainage past the Hermosa Creek Campgrounds.
The San Juan National Forest is set to close Tuesday for the first time since the forest was designated a national forest more than a hundred years ago.
The San Juan National Forest will be closed indefinitely.
Extreme fire danger conditions, which have resulted in two raging wildfires on the San Juan National Forest, prompted the closure, which prohibits most entry into the forest.
As of Monday, the 416 Fire north of Durango has ripped through more than 22,130 acres around the Hermosa Creek drainage, while the Burro Fire has rapidly grown to more than 1,000 acres northeast of Dolores.
No causes of the fires have been officially determined as of Monday, Hooley said.
The San Juan National Forest covers more than 1.8 million acres across nine counties in Southwest Colorado, with thousands of miles of back roads and hundreds of miles of trails.
The closure order, which is enacted through Stage 3 fire restrictions, closes forest campgrounds, day-use areas, roads and trails. Hiking, dispersed camping and other recreational activities are also not allowed.
While the two active fires were taken into consideration when opting to close the forest, other factors went into the decision, such as weather conditions, fire fighting resources available and fuel moisture level.
Hooley said forest managers are well aware of the impact the closure will have on the community.
County and state roads and U.S. highways that cross Forest Service lands will not be affected by this order.
Columbine Ranger District: (970) 884-2152.
Dolores

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.072334
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Photographers Phorum' started by Rooftree, Feb 11, 2019.
There's been a brief discussion on the Pygmy Pine Plains on another post. I thought a new post would be best showing a few photos of an aftermath of a fire as the Pine Plains are dependent on fire for its survival. It appears the seeds from serotinous cones were able to germinate better in the turned up soil in a fire break than elsewhere. These photos were taken back in January 2013 before I became a member of this site. The area is just south of Bombing Range Road, west of RT 539, and east of Governors Branch. I'm not sure if this is a result of a forest fire or a control burn. I believe I read once though, that a fire from a control burn is not hot enough to open a serotinous cones.
John, Boyd and bobpbx like this.
I recall seeing that in Bass River state forest as well Ron. I suppose it could be that the duff on the forest floor (outside of the ditch) keeps the seeds from reaching the soil.
The red outline was my *guess* of the area that burned.
Unfortunately many of the photos in that thread went away when the NJPB gallery was phased out. Here are a few of mine.
And the "ash vortex" was one of the coolest things I've ever seen in the pines.
John, bobpbx, Rooftree and 2 others like this.
That was a great fire. I remember we had quite a few photos and discussions about it.
Bob, you

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.78122
Retrieved Text: In Part One (April 2009) Makeev told of his efforts to develop a smokejumper program in the Soviet Union in 1934 and to convince the Head of Forest Protection that it could be done safely and effectively. In spite of negative reports from his superiors, Makeev was given approval to further develop the smokejumper program in 1936.
In Part Two (July 2009) Makeev designed and developed the necessary equipment for the program, and the first fire jumps were made. An accident during training almost stoped the program but Makeev convinced his superiors to let him continue.
Thanks to Bruce Ford (MSO-75) and Tony Pastro (FBX-77) for their translation of this historic document.
Whoever has been in the far north in the winter knows the harsh beauty of the Archangel region in the months of November and December. It made a great impression on me when I arrived in Kotlas in the winter of 1937. The violet expanse of boundless forests under low-floating clouds, bright white sparkling snow harmonized so with each other. The harshness of the far north was in the air.
The newly-organized Northern Base of Forest Aviation huddled at that time in a small room in the city of Kotlas. The meeting with Levin was most heartfelt, most joyful. Having lived through the summer and endured challenges, we had become still closer.
We decided to organize a school near the village of Krasnoborsk. Parachutes and other materials were packed on trucks, and I went with them to Krasnoborsk. The trucks ran along the smooth, transparent ice of the river,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.73976
Retrieved Text: REDDING, Calif. (AP) - Wildfires in rural California burned more than five square miles of territory Friday and prompted evacuations but no homes were in immediate danger, officials said.
A blaze that erupted Friday afternoon near Redding in Northern California burned 2,500 acres of foothill brush and oak in an area of widely scattered homes and ranches.
The fire in the community of Igo was just 10 percent contained but it was moving north into even less populated areas, Shasta County sheriff’s Sgt. Rob Sandbloom said.
“There’s nothing in the immediate fire path that’s going to affect any homes. It’s just burning in open country,” he said late Friday night.
An evacuation order was in place near a two-lane country road that serves as the main way in and out of the area.
Four nearby homes containing several dozen people were evacuated as a precaution but there could be other houses whose residents refused to leave, he said.
The fire was feeding on tinder-dry vegetation, state fire spokesman Dennis Mathisen said.
“We’re seeing fire conditions … that we wouldn’t normally see until August or early September,” he said.
About 280 firefighters were on the scene but the work was challenging because the fire seemed to be heading into steeper areas.
“They still have a lot of work ahead of them,” Mathisen said.
In Central California, an 800-acre fire burned in a remote wilderness area of the Sequoia National Forest.
The forest where the fire started is south of and separate from the Sequoia National Park east of Fresno, which is famous for its giant Sequoia trees.
The fire

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.69279
Retrieved Text: Fireworks in Craig didn’t happen on the 4th of July. That’s because a fire started about 30 miles northwest of Craig. Craig Fire Rescue Captain Doug Willems spoke to KRAI right after the fireworks were cancelled.
A wildfire sparked Monday in Routt National Forest, about 13 miles northeast of Steamboat. It was near Teal Lake, and it burned about 30 acres. But the U.S. Forest Service says it is about 40 percent contained. It’s called the Chedsey Fire. The firefighters working it are conducting a burnout which means they’ll ignite vegetation to help secure the perimeter of the fire according to a Twitter Post from the Medicine Bow-Routt National Forest. The fire is burning in a heavy area of beetle kill trees.
Another very big fire right now is near Basalt. It was started at a shooting range, with people shooting tracer rounds, despite a Stage 2 fire ban in Eagle County that bans that type of ammunition. The two suspects have been issued a court summons in lieu of arrests. At least 500 homes have been evacuated at Lake Christine near Basalt. At least 2,500 acres have burned.
And the Spring Fire in southern Colorado has burned about 90 square miles now, and more than 100 homes have been destroyed. The man accused of starting it has been arrested. He is from Denmark and was living in the United States illegally, on an expired visa.
A fire is also burning near the base of the Grand Mesa. It’s called the Brandon Ditch Fire.
A body was discovered Wednesday near Soda

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.643536
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Wildfires' started by Mick West, Nov 9, 2018.
The "Camp" fire has not made much of a dent in the national news yet, but I suspect that will change as it gets light. Hundreds, possibly thousands of homes were destroyed in a single day by a fire that started just yesterday morning and is still going.
Driven by high winds, the fire has devastated the medium sized town of Paradise (population 27,000), Butte County, California. There's many accounts of people forced suddenly from their home, then driving, riding, or running through flames to safety. Some deaths will be expected, but it's a chaotic situation right now.
For a conspiracy point of view, it depends on what the theorists perspective is. It's either an attempted distraction from Trump's problems, or it's some symptom of geoengineering, from which the other news is a distraction.
Of course it's really just the weather, geography, and perhaps an unfortunate place to have so many houses.
The Woolsey fire near Los Angeles is also very serious. Three of my friends have been evacuated from their houses, with flames visible down the street.
That's the area I lived in when I moved to the US. There were fires that year. Like this year it was driven by the Santa Ana winds, which will blow the fires south to the ocean, towards Malibu.
Dane Wigington is already saying this "geoengineering"
California is yet again ablaze, even in November. "Official sources" have tried to convince the masses that the record raging wildfires are because we are not cutting down enough trees,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.572277
Retrieved Text: A hike into the heart of the Eight Lakes Basin takes you on a tour of area burned by the B&B Complex 15 years ago.
If you’ve ever traveled across Santiam Pass toward Bend, there’s a good chance you’ve seen the scar left by a catastrophic wildfire that raged 15 years ago this month.
The 90,000-acre B&B Complex ripped across the forest between Mount Jefferson and Mount Washington in 2003 with a fury that stunned fire managers and ushered in a new era of wildfire in Oregon.
Today, the Cascade Crest remains marked by a graveyard of dead trees visible along U.S. Highway 20 as you drive over the mountain pass.
Yet the sight of dead trees can be misleading. Below the burned-out snags, a rich mosaic of life is regenerating on the forest floor.
One of the best places to experience the wildfire’s aftermath is a hike or backpacking trip into the fabled Eight Lakes Basin — an ideal autumn adventure.
These alpine lakes were once among the most commonly visited places in Mount Jefferson Wilderness. But in one night — seriously, a single night — the B&B Complex torched the entire basin.
The Eight Lakes were among the most impacted places in the aftermath of B&B. And it certainly shows, with most of the lakes still surrounded by an ocean of dead or burned out trees.
The hike, however, takes you through a wonderful combination of fire impacts.
I started at the Duffy Lake Trailhead and on a 15-mile tour explored a wide array of forest types within the burn zone — islands

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.31218
Retrieved Text: When you’re lighting a fire with a flint and steel or other striker that makes fire from sparks, char cloth is your friend. Char cloth can make the difference between getting a fire started and just throwing sparks around. Char cloth is blackened fabric that catches a spark, starts burning, and won’t blow out until it’s burned out. It works kind of like charcoal, but it burns faster and it’s far easier to light. You want some in your fire starting supplies, and it is super easy to make, so let’s get started.
100% cotton fabric. The looser weave the better. Jersey t-shirt material will work, but it doesn’t catch spark as well as terry (towel material) or my favorite, monk’s cloth (I purchased mine at Wal-Mart). You can use your old towels for this project as long as they are 100% cotton. I’ve heard that any natural fiber fabric would work (silk, linen, hemp, etc.), but haven’t tried any except cotton. Polyester, rayon, spandex and the like are not natural fibers. Don’t use those.
Can for cooking the fabric. I used an old chocolate sampler can–similar to an altoids can. You can also use a cleaned out vegetable can with foil for a lid or a little larger container like the holiday cookie tins. Punch an air hole in the lid of your can for the smoke to escape.
Heat source. I like a fire. It’s cheap and fast. You can also use a camp stove or your gas grill or other similar cooking device.
Step 1: Cut your

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.256355
Retrieved Text: SCVHistory.com | Lake Hughes | Helicopter Burns, Crew Badly Injured in 9,300-Acre Brush Fire, August 1951.
Fire Blackens 9,300 Acres of San Francisquito, Lake Communities.
3-Man Crew Badly Injured When Helicopter Catches Fire.
Incident Late August 1951 | News Reports.
Flames on Wide Front Unchecked.
Los Angeles Times | Monday, August 27, 1951.
Three men were severely burned, a helicopter and pickup truck were destroyed and a lookout tower was razed yesterday atop Grass Mountain in the fire which has blackened nearly 10,000 acres in the San Francisquito Canyon area and Angeles National Forest.
The fire, fanned by winds of 20 to 30 miles velocity, early today was out of control on a fire front which was 22 miles long, according to officials of the U.S. Forest Service.
The three men were injured after they had landed in their helicopter near the Grass Mountain lookout tower in a cleared space on top of the mountain. The pickup truck, which carried a 150-gallon drum of highly volatile aviation gasoline, also was at that scene.
Forest Service officials said the flames raced up the side of the mountain and while the fire still was 100 yards away the heat exploded the gasoline drum on the pickup truck. The heat also ignited the helicopter, which was valued at $27,000 and was on contract to the government from Rick's Helicopters of Compton.
The helicopter pilot, Louis Hartwig, his mechanic. Art Minor, and a Forest Service official, Ray Guardado, who served as flight officer in observing the fire from the aircraft, were forced to make a break through the flames on

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.106434
Retrieved Text: Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry takes place during the 1930’s in rural Mississippi. The setting of Mississippi has an important effect on the story in that the white people there were very racist. The point of view in this novel basically creates the whole story because it is a child telling the story instead of the usual adult. Cassie Logan tells the story in extreme detail, since everything in the story has to do with her life and innocence. The mood is also an important factor in the story suspense, happiness and peace all as one.
The protagonist in this story is the Logans and the antagonists are the Wallaces.
They are just the main protagonists and antagonists. In general, the protagonists are all of the black people, and the antagonists are all the white people. The Wallaces are a family who owns a grocery store, but they are very prejudiced. They treat black people with no respect and are very cruel towards them. The white people acted hateful towards the black people in ways like of the KKK. The Logans are peaceful people who are trying to end the hate and help everyone get along. Even though they do not like some of the white people, they are nice to them. Some of the secondary supporting characters are the Simms; Mr.
Simms, Lillian Jean Simms, and Jeremy Simms. The Simms were all white and prejudiced except for Jeremy who tried to be friends with the Logans. Mr. Granger was a man who leased out sharecropping land to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.777233
Retrieved Text: Up to now, a total of 1 325 troops and a M-26 helicopter have been put into operation, and the ground-air cooperation and manual direct fighting methods have been adopted to fight and rescue. Yunnan Provincial Forest Fire Brigade has mobilized Baoshan Forest Fire Brigade, Dali Peoples Government has mobilized the Armed Police Brigade of the prefecture to the fire site to carry out fire fighting. A total of 330 people from Xiangyun County, Weishan County, Eryuan County and a PLA unit are on their way to the fire site.
At 14:01 on April 12, a forest fire broke out in the east of Nanhe Village, Xintun Town, Heqing County, Dali, Yunnan Province. On April 13, according to the latest news from the Information Office of the Heqing County Peoples Government of Dali, by about 18 p.m. on the 13th, two incoherent fire lines were formed in the fire field. The northern line spread from south to northeast, and the eastern line spread from west to east. Both of the two fire lines were fires. The fire situation was strong, and the wind direction of the fire field was uncertain, the mountain slope was steep, and the forest was dense. It was very difficult to extinguish and extinguish the fire.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.669773
Retrieved Text: Many California residents are ruggedly obstinate about the choice they have made to live with the constant threat of fire.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 27 — As Californians sift through the cinders of this week’s deadly wildfires, there is a growing consensus that the state’s war against such disasters — as it is currently being fought — cannot be won.
Fire-management experts like Professor Minnich, who has compared fire histories in San Diego County and in Mexico in Baja California, say the lesson is clear.
Mexico has smaller fires that burn naturally, regularly clearing out combustible underbrush and causing relatively little destruction. California has giant fires because the longtime government policy of fire suppression has disrupted the natural cycle, creating huge pockets of fuel that erupt into conflagrations that must always — if only because of their size — be fought to the death.
“We’re on all year round,” said Brett Chapman, a firefighter with the United States Forest Service who worked 15-hour shifts this week in the Lake Arrowhead area east of Los Angeles.
The main problem is that many in California are ruggedly obstinate about the choice they have made to live with the constant threat of fire. Even state officials who are interested in change concede it could take a decade — and more catastrophic wildfires — before it happens.
On Saturday, nine fires continued to burn in a four-county area of Southern California, and officials said 20,575 homes were still in danger. Lighter winds and higher humidity have enabled firefighters to go on the attack more, but many of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.619076
Retrieved Text: The widespread forest fires of the summer of 2003 reminded us of the destructive power of wildfires. In the southern interior of British Columbia, tens of thousands of people were evacuated and hundreds of homes were lost. In Mount Revelstoke and Glacier National Parks, twenty fires burned 1500 hectares and cost two million dollars to manage. We fear fire for good reason. But fire is more than just a destructive force of nature.
As an agent of environmental change, large fires occur infrequently in the interior wet belt of British Columbia – but when it does, the effects are rapid and radical. Along with avalanches, diseases, insects, and windstorms, fire is an ecological process that shapes the forests in the Columbia Mountains. All these disturbances are natural and forests have ways to recover, even benefit, from what at first seems catastrophic.
While trying to make sense of fire in our forests, I looked up the most famous proponent of forest fire safety— Smokey the Bear.
Smokey is best known for one line, “Only you can prevent forest fires,” which is still the core of his message. Born from the worries of the Second World War when the able-bodied persons who normally would have been fire fighters were otherwise engaged, the United States government launched Smokey’s campaign as an effort to reduce human-caused fires.
For decades Smokey’s message also implied that all wildfire is bad, that besides putting people and property at risk, fire killed animals and destroyed their habitat. “It wasn’t until the 1970’s that anyone in the United States

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.473003
Retrieved Text: I had organized this Boealps outing as a climb of nearby Mt. Washington by the north ridge, but with the snow and weather conditions it was obvious that route wouldn't go. Instead, after some email exchanges, we decided to climb the west ridge of Bandera instead. In Dallas Kloke's excellent guidebook, "Winter Climbs: One Day Ascents", this route is described as having "little to no avalanche danger" - sounded great for this weekend! The one problem with climbing Bandera was that the snow level was well below the trailhead, making the road that you usually take to the trailhead impassable by vehicle. Instead, we chose to park just off I-90 under the trailhead, and bush bash our way up to the road. We had heard this was feasible, but none of us had actually tried this before.
To get there, take Exit 42 off of I-90, and drive to the north side of the freeway. There's a dead end here to park at - make sure you're not on the pavement, as you can be ticketed for parking in an interchange. The way up to the Bandera trailhead starts out through a bunch of logging debris and hundreds of spent shot gun shells. (I have no problem sharing the woods and mountains with other recreationalists, but why are shooters so horrible about leaving a mess? The Mailbox Peak trailhead is another example of what should be an embarrassment to the shooting community.) As you work your way (carefully) up across lots of downed logs, you eventually climb

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.4284
Retrieved Text: The Forest Service is reporting that air resources have been canceled for the fire reported to be near Tobin/Jackass Creek earlier this evening. The reports of smoke were due to fires from the west.
The vehicle fire reported at about the same time was extinguished and did not spread to the surrounding area. It received a quick response from the Forest Service and the local fire departments.
There was obvious smoke from a fresh fire, whether it was from the vehicle fire or not, the smoke was not from the larger fires to the west. It would still be lingering if it was. Soo..
The Forest Service flew a helicopter and an air attack platform over the entire area. There was no new fire down the canyon. It is really obnoxious when people act like they are knowledgeable about wildland fire even though they haven’t spent a single day ever fighting fire. Air attack even said on the radio that the smoke WAS from the larger fires to the west. The Forest Service around here is pretty darn good at quickly detecting and quickly suppressing fire. Soo…Stop acting like you know what you are talking about. Let the professionals be the ones to tell us about the fires and the smoke.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.38396
Retrieved Text: The Black Forest Fire burned 14,280 acres in Black Forest, Colorado in June 2013. Surpassing the Waldo Canyon Fire in 2012, the Black Forest Fire is now the most destructive fire in Colorado’s history. The fire was fully contained June 20th, 2013 with the loss of 486 homes and 2 lives. Though the majority of the land burned was private, approximately 1,200 acres of El Paso County Parks land were affected. Since 2013, RMFI has been working in partnership with El Paso County to rehabilitate burned landscapes within the Black Forest Regional Park and the Pineries Open Space.
The Black Forest Regional Park (BFRP) encompasses 385 acres of land within the Black Forest area of El Paso County, Colorado. The BFRP is characterized by ponderosa pine forests with dominant understory species including kinnikinnick, squaw current, mountain mahogany, blue grama, western wheatgrass, needle and thread, and mountain muhly. A Master Plan for the area completed in 2011 suggests that forest density was higher than ever before and that threat of wildfire was a large concern. Approximately two-thirds of the BFRP were impacted by the Black Forest Fire. Slopes in the Park average 6-12% though slopes of 30% can be found near the Palmer Divide, a major ridgeline running through the north end of the Park. Soils in the Park are characterized by a gravelly texture that creates difficulties in establishing vegetation once disturbed. Most soils in the Park were classified as a low to moderate hazard for erosion pre-fire; however, the loss of vegetation and the steepness of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.037354
Retrieved Text: The Fire Wish by Amber Lough.
Review: Have you ever wondered what it was like to switch places with someone you've never even met? The Fire Wish by Amber Lough is the one to read for anyone who loves fantasy books!
The Fire Wish starts off in India, where there's a great war between the mystical jinni and the humans. A girl from a tribe near Baghdad named Zayele was picked (more like forced) by her father to be the bride of the prince of Baghdad. Najwa is one of the mystical jinni who wants to be one of the people in the Corps to fight in the war (they also grant and make wishes). While Zayele is on her way to the city of Baghdad to marry the prince, she wishes to run away and go back home. But Najwa appears and Zayele catches her to make a wish. Zayele wishes to have them switch roles and Najwa grants that wish. Want more? If so, then you'll just have to read this novel!
The Fire Wish is recommended for anyone who loves fantasy/fiction books. I loved how Lough incorporated humans and fairy-like people such as Najwa which for me, makes this such an interesting book! The book also includes two-sided perspectives, which can be confusing at first, but you'll get it once you know what's going on. It shows you that even though you want something, it doesn't really mean that it'll come out the exactly how you wanted it to go. You probably wouldn't even know how

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.990593
Retrieved Text: The number of forest fires in Ontario this year is more than double last year, but still remains well below the average fire season for the province, according to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry.
The Ministry said 617 fires have burned across Ontario so far this season. In 2014, the total was 297 fires. The 10-year average is more than 1,000 fires per year. The northwest region saw 339, so far in 2015.
The fire season starts in May and doesn’t end until October 31, so the tally is likely to increase, particularly with hunters and campers using cooking and warming fires more frequently in the cooler fall weather, said northwest region fire information officer Deb MacLean.
“Spring and fall is usually when we see more human caused fires,” she said, adding that lightning is the major cause of fires in the northwest in the summer months.
However, the fire season has been anything but quiet for Ontario fire crews, with more than 1079 fire fighters, since May, being sent to fires in the western provinces and territories as well as the United States.
Some fires this summer near populated areas around Kenora and Red Lake were also significant, MacLean said.
“We had to do some aggressive attack from both the ground and the air so it wasn’t a quiet fire season in that sense,” she said.
On the flip side, one of the fires still active in the northwest, about 70 kilometres south of Kenora, demonstrates the ministry’s approach to forest fires as beneficial to the environment, MacLean said.
That fire

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.93426
Retrieved Text: Los Angeles, California - A federal lawsuit filed Wednesday seeks nearly $25 million in damages from the owner of a Mountain Center residence and the property’s caretakers for alleged negligence that led to the 2013 Mountain Fire, which burned for more than two weeks and scorched over 27,500 acres, more than half of which was in the San Bernardino National Forest.
The civil complaint alleges negligence and violations of California law as being the cause of the fire that started on July 15, 2013, and burned a large swath of the San Jacinto Mountains, for a time threatening the town of Idyllwild and forcing over 5,000 residents to evacuate. An investigation determined that the fire started when an electrical discharge inside of an improperly maintained electrical junction box “shot sparks and hot material out of the box and onto dry ground vegetation below,” according to the lawsuit.
The Mountain Fire started on property known as Gibraltar West that is owned by Tarek M. Al-Shawaf, who is the lead defendant in the lawsuit. The complaint also names as defendants James D. Nowlin and Donna L. Nowlin, who were the caretakers employed by Al-Shawaf.
The defendants had a duty “to properly inspect and maintain their electrical equipment, electrical wires, and electrical junction boxes to ensure that they were safe, properly secured, and clear from dangerous conditions,” the complaint alleges.
The United States Forest Service expended considerable resources to suppress the Mountain Fire, including deploying more than 3,000 firefighters, 250 fire engines, 20 helicopters and 10 airplanes. The complaint specifically alleges that the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.878098
Retrieved Text: It is known that fire can be a major factor in the health of the forest. It also can be a major factor in the composition of the forest. Many of our native plants have adapted to fire, including lodgepole pine which requires fire to melt the wax on cone scales so they open to spread their seeds, and grasses which thrive after fire has killed the competing shrubs and broadleaf plants.
Native people who managed the lands of the Pacific Northwest for thousands of years understood how valuable fire was in maintaining sustainable stands of native plants. They used fire as we might use chemical herbicides. Eventually, growing trees would provide too much shade for the good production of fruit, tubers, grasses and herbs. So the native people would use controlled burns to rejuvenate failing stands of edible, medicinal and spiritual plants.
Typically, the burns would be conducted in late fall or early spring. This was timed to take advantage of the plants’ ability to store nutrients in their root structures during the growing season. It also took advantage of the cool and wet times that helped control the size and heat of the fires. By keeping the fires small and fast moving, the site never got hot enough to hurt the below-ground parts of the desirable plants, but would prune back their tops and kill the unwanted plants. The trees that were encroaching on the huckleberry, camas, fescue and blackberry fields were kept at bay by fire.
The chemicals that were stored in the tops were deposited

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.834805
Retrieved Text: Legal dove hunting begins 30 minutes before sunrise and ends at sunset. There is a no-shoot zone around Fresno and Clovis city limits and hunters must be 150 yards away from occupied dwellings.
The two-week dove season ends Sept. 15.
Fresno firefighters extinguished a fire Wednesday in a southwest Fresno building that contained several compressed gas cylinders.
The fire started about 4:30 p.m. and was fueled by propane gas that had vented from the cylinder safety valves, Fresno Fire Chief Chuck Tobias said. None of the cylinders ruptured.
The building had been converted into a residence and was home to six people, none of who were injured in the fire, Tobias said. The flames spread to the grass around the building and to another building on a neighboring property.
Damages to the structures and personal belongings were estimated at $2,500. The fire is being investigated as possible arson, Tobias said.
Labor Day visits to all California prisons and camps have been canceled due to the state's budget impasse, according to the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation.
The cancellation will save approximately $325,000. Labor Day visits were canceled because the fewest people visit prisoners that day compared with the other four holiday visiting days on New Year's Day, Independence Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas.
The Department of Corrections is seeking to permanently remove Labor Day from the list of state-regulated holiday visiting days.
Monday's cancellation will not affect scheduled family visits, visits to juvenile and contract bed facilities or compassionate hospital, court-mandated or attorney visits.
The Kern and Tulare Counties Resource Advisory Committee is accepting proposals for

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.771744
Retrieved Text: The deadly fire that killed 64 people of the 400 who were in Bucharest's Colectiv club on October 30 last year only burned for about 2.5 minutes, according to the experts' report. The fire took only seconds to spread to the whole club, giving the people inside very little time to react and get out.
The club's setup and especially the fact that there were no emergency exits made it difficult for the people to get out in time and save themselves. As a result, 26 people lost their lives that night and 38 others died in the following months at the hospital, making this the biggest tragedy in Romania in the last 20 years.
Specialists from the Institute of Mining Security and Explosion Protection in Petrosani have recently completed the report on the Colectiv club tragedy in Bucharest. The document remakes the incident by the second, according to Digi 24.
The fireworks used during the rock concert held by local band Goodbye to Gravity burned for 15 seconds, after which a spark reached a pillar that was covered in soundproofing foam, which caught fire. The band’s singer asked for a fire extinguisher, but the fire spread incredibly fast. It took just a few seconds for the fire to go up to the ceiling and then spread to the whole ceiling, fueled by the flammable materials and the air conditioning.
After about 35 seconds, hot drops of melted foam started to fall on the people that were still in the club, burning their skin. Only 51 seconds, flammable toxic gas

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.724022
Retrieved Text: 山东十一选五 www.rtbce.com TAIYUAN -- The forest blaze which killed six firefighters in Shanxi province in the past week was started by fire used by a local farmer, authorities said Sunday.
The villager, who was identified by his surname as Huo, from Dongwangyong village, Qinyuan county, was using fire when farming, which caused the forest fire, said a source of the provincial forest public security bureau.
The fire broke out at around 3:35 pm Thursday. More than 2,000 people were dispatched to battle the blaze. At about 5 pm, seven firefighters were trapped due to a sudden change in wind direction. They were rescued and rushed to hospital, but six of them died early Friday morning.
The forest fire was put out at about 6:40 pm Thursday.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.662666
Retrieved Text: Devils’s Tower. Huge, amazing, and people actually climb to the top!
One of those sub-par photos of a very gorgeous natural water feature in Yellowstone.
My family and friends worry sometimes…I wonder why!
At the moment, my fellow intern and I are getting ready to go the Bighorns for a week to help a forester in Casper with field work. Last night I went a little crazy making food and packing. I mean, I have enough food for two weeks. I’d say I won’t go hungry for these 4.5 days just a short drive from Buffalo. Oh well-never hurts to come prepared!
I recently took a bit of a vacation to Yellowstone and found that my iPhone is a pitiful camera for such occasions. It was amazing and beautiful, of course. But I came back telling everyone that I think the places I work everyday are better than Yellowstone. In fact, the drive back to Newcastle, via Cooke City and highway 296, had the most spectacular switchbacks and views. Even walking in the National Forest behind my cabin is gorgeous and I can go whenever I want. I hope everyone is finding beauty in all the mundane -yet fleeting things during their internships. I’ve been trying to remind myself to take the time to smell the roses, so to speak.
Our inventory projects are going very well. I think we finally have the hang of a proper field day. However, there was one time that neither of us brought the data sheets. Have you ever done that, where each of you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.66193
Retrieved Text: Gorse grows in many parts of the Forest, in thick clumps the animals use as shelter. Even though its leaves are spiny, the animals still eat it, especially in winter. It’s also known as furze (pronounced fuzz). Some commoners remember collecting the furze, and chopping it in a chaff cutter with mangles to make a feed for their animals.
When gorse gets old, it becomes spindly, so it’s burned or cut- down to re-grow thick and bushy again. The New Forest gorse is home to lizards and other wildlife, including a very rare bird called the Dartford Warbler. That’s one reason why there are strict rules about how and when the gorse is burned.
Gardens and animals don’t mix. Gardens by the open Forest need to be securely fenced, or animals might break in and cause all sorts of trouble. One pony had to be rescued by the fire brigade after walking onto the green plastic cover of a swimming pool, probably thinking it was grass.
Some garden plants are poisonous to animals, so people need to be careful about what they plant close to the Forest, as hungry animals will try nibbling anything that grows near a fence. Garden waste should never be dumped on the Forest, as it can be poisonous. Grass clippings are particularly dangerous for ponies and can kill them.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.64254
Retrieved Text: America's first assault rifle? Well, it does meet all the requirements: select-fire, intermediate cartridge, and shoulder-fired. It was never actually fielded, though.
The Burton Light Machine Rifle was developed during World War One, with the firing model completed in 1917. It was intended as an aircraft observer's weapon for attacking balloons—a role which required incendiary ammunition.With this in mind, Winchester's Frank Burton adapted the .351 WSL cartridge from his 1905 and 1907 self-loading rifles into the .345 WSL, with a spitzer bullet. He designed an open-bolt, select-fire shoulder rifle to fire it, which became known as the Light Machine Rifle.
Burton's rifle was to be usable both in an aircraft where it could be fixed to a Scarff mount for a wide field of fire or used by an individual on the ground, fired from the shoulder. It weighed in at just about 10 pounds (4.5kg) and had a pistol grip and straight-line design to bring the recoil impulse directly into the shooter's shoulder and minimize rise during automatic fire. The barrel was finned for better cooling, and infantry barrels were equipped with bayonet lugs.
The most distinctive elements of the design, of course, are the dual top-mounted magazines. Each one holds 20 rounds, and each has a pair of locking catches. One position locks the magazine into a feeding position, and the other holds it up above the cycling of the bolt. The idea here was to keep a second loaded magazine easily accessible for an aerial observer—so they could reload without having to find another magazine somewhere

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: A frog, in winter, will burrow itself into soft mud, until it freezes, then in the spring

Which is the correct answer?
- it melts, because it is warm-blooded
- it unfreezes, because it is cold-blooded
- it remains frozen until it dies
- it dies, because it is warm-blooded

Target Text: it unfreezes, because it is cold-blooded

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.185173
Retrieved Text: Listen to the sound of the Spring Peeper and Wood Frog!
The wood frog, which literally freezes its body, comes back from the dead. The spring peeper calls out the end of winter. Learn all about our fascinating frog friends—and listen to their sound!
Every year, the wood frog comes back from the dead. Not in the sense that it appears again after a long absence. In the most literal one: an inanimate, mostly frozen object, which has ceased to function, is suddenly resuscitated into being.
How does a wood frog make it through a frigid northern winter? No fur like the bear, no feathers like the owl, no warm blood of the squirrel, cozy in its nest. No burrow deep in the mud, where the box turtle’s pulse slows to one beat every few minutes. And no shivering like the man on his spring log, listening to the wood frogs wake up. The frogs haven’t shivered all winter: their defense against the cold is having no defenses.
Wood frogs (Lithobates sylvaticus) are native to much of the northeastern U.S. and most of Canada, west to Alaska. They endure sub-zero temperatures by going sub-zero themselves, shutting down almost all bodily functions. More than half of the frog’s blood and other liquids may turn to solid ice for weeks at a time. The frog’s urea acts as a kind of antifreeze to prevent permanent damage to body structures. By raising levels of glucose more than a hundredfold, individual cells keep themselves from breaking down internally, each one a kind of pilot

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.031574
Retrieved Text: In an Australian Reptile Park first, a species considered “Vulnerable” on the IUCN’s Red List of Threatened Species has moved in and made the Australian Reptile Park its home. Six male red crowned toadlets have been discovered in the Park’s artificial frog pond, which was constructed in 2009 with the purpose of providing a home for frogs native to the area. The red crowned toadlet is a small species, reaching only 30mm in length and is characterised by the red “T” shaped mark on its head.
The species is usually found in the Sydney sandstone basin which is one of the most populated places in Australia, which has contributed heavily to the species demise. Another reason for the species “Vulnerable” status is the Chytrid fungus. The fungus attacks the parts of a frog’s skin that have keratin in them. Since frogs use their skin in respiration, this makes it difficult for the frog to breathe. The fungus also damages the nervous system, affecting the frog’s behaviour.
Interestingly, the red crowned toadlet is in the same family as of one of Australia’s most endangered frogs – the Corroboree frog. This family of frogs have a very interesting behavioural trait in which the male digs a little u-shaped burrow in the ground with his hind legs near a suitable water source. The female will come and find the male in the Winter, mate and then leaves the male while her eggs are fertalising. She will then return to the burrow to lay her eggs, but then she leaves again making

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.738155
Retrieved Text: A chorus of male wood frogs “quacking” for potential mates is a sure sign of spring. Every year western toads and long-toed salamanders join wood frogs to breed in Maxwell Lake, often while some ice is still present. Adults of all three species enter the shallows to court and mate. After eggs are laid adults live in the forest up to one kilometre away from water feeding on insects and other invertebrates.
None of these species remain in the lake over the winter. In late fall salamanders and toads burrow down below the frost line for the winter. Amazingly, wood frogs are able to freeze solid and often spend the winter under logs or other ground cover. Wood frog eggs are in globular clusters, western toad eggs are in long strings and long-toed salamander eggs are singly glued to underwater vegetation. Salamander eggs are larger than frog or toad eggs.
Within 3 weeks, frog and toad eggs hatch into tadpoles and salamander eggs hatch into larvae. By August a process called metamorphosis transforms the young into adult form. These small versions of their parents then leave the water and live a terrestrial (i.e. dry ground) lifestyle. Long-toed salamanders from the same pond can look quite different and can live up to 10 years.
The terrestrial habitat around Maxwell Lake is just as important for this amphibian population as the pond itself since 90% of their time is spent in the adjacent forest.
The introduction of fish into a fishless pond can wipe out an amphibian population that uses that pond

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.187244
Retrieved Text: While reporting a story about land use and wildlife habitat, I collected some interesting tidbits about a frog’s life.
The upper Midwest is a harsh climate for amphibians, so we don’t have the variety of species you’ll find in warmer climes. But the frogs that are here have evolved some rather interesting survival tactics.
The Leopard frog spends winters hibernating at the bottom of a pool of water. Hopefully they choose wisely, because if the pond or wetland is too shallow and freezes solid, the frog won’t survive.
Other frog species spend the winter frozen, then thaw out and hop away in the spring.
The Boreal Chorus frog and the Wood frog spend winters out of the water, usually under grasses near a wetland. They transport sugars from their liver to individual cells to create a kind of anti-freeze so the cells don’t freeze and burst, which would kill the frog.
So they spend the winter essentially frozen in place with all bodily functions suspended.
Climate change and human intervention are helping a new frog hop into Minnesota and the Dakotas.
The American Bullfrog is now found only in the far southeast corner of Minnesota. But with a warming climate it’s expected to move north. And people sometimes buy the frogs for backyard ponds and unknowingly release a species that could threaten our native frog population and take over wetlands.
I think I’d much prefer falling asleep to the sound of Boreal Chorus frogs.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.471397
Retrieved Text: It’s official. I’m declaring the start of the 2014 Mud Season as Wednesday, March 12. Mud season is the season between winter and spring when the ground is saturated, the rain keeps coming, and nothing is yet growing and able to soak up the excess moisture. Mud season doesn’t have an official beginning or length. We may get brief respites through periodic freezes and dry spells but it won’t completely end until the grass, trees, and other plants turn green and bloom and are able to again drink of the earth. I knew this season was official when I lost a boot in mud several inches deep and the animals were slogging through as if it were the La Brea Tar Pits.
We will be at the Farm to Fork Market at Normandy Farms on Saturday, March 15. We have pastured pork, pastured chicken, and plenty of eggs. Betsy’s Kitchen will be bringing Paleo Almond Delight Power Bars, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Granola Bars, Cinnamon Raisin Granola Bars, and Cinnamon Nut Granola.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.20938
Retrieved Text: In a tiny forest, next to a tiny pond, lived a tiny frog.
An early frost had killed the rest of his spawn-brothers, and when the lone tadpole-with-legs wriggled out of the tiny pond the other frogs were much dismayed. The Greenlord, in a fit of classical allusion, dubbed the newborn “Schadenfreude”.
The tiny almost-frog nosed forward in the mud. If its eyes could see it’s first view would have been a thunderstorm. If it’s ears could hear it’s first sound would have been the distressed wailing of the other frogs.
However, his eyes were not quite formed yet, and his ears were filled to the brim with pondscum – so, he didn’t see the storm, he didn’t hear the wailing. Schad’s only memory of his wriggle-day was a taste. Quite by accident, his nubby mouth clomped onto a fallen blackberry. It popped in his mouth and exploded with purple-sweet, a riot of spring.
And so, despite the bleakest of omens and the most dire of beginnings — Schad hopped into the world with a vague, unformed idea that the world was wonderful.
Despite all that he learned afterwards, and much effort to convince him of the contrary – the tiny frog never abandoned this precept.
When the older frogs pushed him down, and took the juiciest mosquitos for themselves — he would swim to the quiet bank by the willows, and make up silly songs about water and hedgehogs.
When the summer grew hot, and the pond nearly dried up — he took great delight in building castles from the cracked, drying

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.959892
Retrieved Text: Another Maine winter settles in. Lead gray skies, slick doorsteps and whitened landscapes. Short, chill days and long, dark nights. The now familiar scent in the air of yet another snowstorm just over the horizon. It's the time of year when some folks load up the woodstove, grab the remote and settle back into the recliner until spring.
Maine snowmobilers have been waiting a long time for this winter - ever since last year's snow disappeared into mud season with the spring. And they've been busy, talking with landowners, preparing trail signage, building snowmobile bridges, brushing trail.
When the ground finally freezes and the trails begin to fill with snow, the groomer operators head out across the state's trails to smooth the way for the thousands of snowmobilers to follow.
You're welcome to join them! Maine's snowmobile trail system allows winter riders to visit locations that many are not privileged to access at any time of year. There are thousands of miles to explore! Along the way you'll find businesses waiting to serve you, Maine Snowmobile Association (MSA) clubs keeping the trails in shape, and a schedule of winter events to entertain you.
Snowmobile Maine. Ride Right. Enjoy.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.136696
Retrieved Text: Freezing winter temperatures introduce a new danger to sloppy horse paddock mud. In soft mud, horse hooves create endless deep, narrow holes surrounded by small mud mountains. When the mud freezes, these peaks and valleys harden to become a hazard to your horse and a major hardship for farm maintenance.
Mud peaks are hazardous for horses.
Hard, uneven ground can bruise the frog or sole of your horse’s hoof.
Tripping or knocking on peaks can chip or crack the hoof wall.
Hoof injuries from hard, rough footing often lead to abscess, which can escalate to more serious internal infection.
Your horse can misstep, trip, and even fall on the frozen terrain. The resulting pulls, sprains, and fractures are painful for the horse and expensive for you.
Horse Paddock Mud peaks are a hardship for farm maintenance.
Pitchfork tines break when they snag in jagged mud-ice.
Wheelbarrows stick and sometimes spill on uneven ground.
You leave behind manure that has sunk into the pits.
Also, walking on peaks and valleys isn’t just a hazard to horses; people on your farm can trip, fall, and hurt themselves as well.
Prevention is the key to keeping your horse safe from mud-peak injuries. Eliminating mud and creating an even, but not slippery, paddock surface before the ground hardens is crucial if you want to create a safe and enjoyable outdoor winter living area for your horse. In most regions, it’s not too late: Install a reliable horse paddock mud management solution on a sunny day when the temperature rises above freezing and the ground softens enough to be workable. Improving farm

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.53485
Retrieved Text: After a fairly depressing few days (weeks) of battling with teenagers, I couldn’t bring myself to blog about teaching this week.
Having said that, however, this morning I was at a really inspiring assembly about reading. Yes, really. And it got me thinking about where my love of all things literary came from, stories particularly. As a child, I always looked forward to bedtime stories (my love of sleep was also present from an early age), and the ones my Dad told were spectacular. He created his own stories, based around the life of a character called Freddy – a frog who lived in the pond at the bottom of our garden, had a racing driver for an uncle, and whose favourite snacks were chocolate covered flies or crispy lily pads.
Therefore, in honour of my dad – and the memory of Freddy the Frog cheering up a horrible week – here are my top ten facts about frogs. Ribbit.
Certain frogs can jump up to 20 times their own body length in a single leap.
Frog bones form a new ring every year when the frog is hibernating, just like trees do. Scientists can count these rings to discover the age of the frog.
One type of desert frog can wait as long as seven years for water by surrounding itself in a type of transparent bag that becomes its first meal once the rain comes.
The golden dart frog is the most poisonous frog on earth and the skin of one frog could kill up to 1,000 people. a single

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.277767
Retrieved Text: I am a winter enthusiast. Yes. But it has been a tad cold this year in Minnesota, and ever-so icy, and wonderfully snowy…and now we are all dreaming of Spring. It is not here yet, but we can Anticipate!
Adorable Mole has awakened, and with a sniffle-snuffle he knows: Spring has arrived! Yippee!
…Bear is sound asleep. He snores on and on. What can Mole possibly do to wake him up and share the joy of Springtime?
Charming story with such warm, happy pictures, for reading again and again with kids barely-two and up. Mole and Bear’s adventures continue in Kite Day, which is just as sweet and springlike.
The music of frogs is a cheerful, springtime sound. I love hearing them in the ponds near our house.
But do you have any notion of the amazing variety of frogs and songs there are around the world? This gorgeous book spotlights 11 frogs, from Canada to Australia, from the brilliant Strawberry Poison Dart Frog to the whimsically-named Scarlet-sided Pobblebonk.
Just a few descriptive lines describe the unique habits of each of these wonders, making this an ideal book for ages 4 or 5 and up.
Gennady Spirin is an astonishing artist, and he has completely outdone himself with these stunning paintings. Can a frog be ravishing? Spirin has made them so. It’s one of the most beautiful books you’ll see.
Brief cameos of each frog with additional facts about their range and size are included in the end pages, plus a short note about the dangers frogs face from environmental degradation and a listing

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.057438
Retrieved Text: Landscaping companies demonstrate the importance of preparing plants for winter. If you want your plants to enjoy robust growth when warm weather comes, prepare them amply for winter.
The biggest mistake you could make is to leave your plants at the mercy of the weather. Then you could find out just how merciless Mother Nature can be!
As one of the top landscape maintenance services in southwest Louisiana, TCLS has helped customers prepare their plants for years.
You can do several things to ensure that come spring, your shrubs, trees, perennial plants and lawn will be healthy and blooming.
Why prepare your plants for winter?
We are to help you. We offer grass cutting services to our customers in Southwest Louisiana. We also help them to preserve their plants through winter. The main reason for preparing plants for winter is so that their roots can establish themselves more firmly. Healthy roots mean a healthier bloom in spring.
When the soil freezes, it still needs to process the organic matter needed by the plants. Freezing is like insulating the soil and it encourages the processing of important organic matter.
This depends on the types of plants that you have. All plants, including the trees need to be prepared for winter. However, you should start with the preparation of the garden itself.
Continue watering during winter so that your plants have enough moisture to see them through the cold spell.
Pull out all the weeds. You do not want them seeding as that would cause a weed problem in spring.
Mulching is very important for the preservation of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.0426
Retrieved Text: Frogs and toads are cold-blooded vertebrates. The colour of frogs varies. Generally, frogs are brown, light brown or olive green. The underside of frogs is generally white, and at the tops of their legs they are often yellow.
The frog normally spawns in April but in Lapland not until June. Males wait for females in the spawning grounds in large groups, and they attract them by croaking. In frogspawn, there is a transparent jelly that surrounds the eggs and acts like a small greenhouse. The black core warms up during the daytime in the sun, and the blanket of jelly provides insulation and stops heat from escaping. A frog will lay 1,500-3,000 eggs at a time. The eggs develop into larvae, which are called tadpoles. Initially, the tadpoles have gills, but gradually they metamorphose so that they ultimately breathe using lungs. During metamorphosis, the frogs develop hind legs first.
The female frog is often larger than the male. Frogs are generally 5-9 cm long, seldom more. They spend the winter in hibernation in the mud at the bottom of ditches, lakes and bays. Some individuals also hibernate on dry land or in other drier places. Often on a good winter site you can find dozens, if not hundreds, of individuals. During hibernation, frogs move every now and then. Frogs are at their most active when it is dark. They are common across the whole of Finland, but they have become rarer in recent years due to the loss of wetlands. The European common frog is a protected species.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.775494
Retrieved Text: Biting winds and frosty mornings give warning to wrap up planting and tackle outdoor chores before winter arrives.
Invest time in tidying the garden before the snow flies. Time spent outdoors now pays big dividends in spring. You’ll not only shorten your to-do list, you’ll also ward off some pest and disease problems.
Pull annuals and add them to the compost pile. For annuals that self-seed, allow seed-laden stems to remain in place through winter unless you plan to sprinkle them elsewhere in the garden.
Store breakable items, like terra-cotta pots, rain gauges, and other garden artbefore hard freezes settle in. Terra-cotta overwinters fine in an unheated shed or garage. Make sure pots and saucers are dry before storage.
Fall can be a great time to cut back your perennials if you’ve got the time and energy to get it done. Make sure to leave 2-3 inches of the plant’s stem to help protect fresh shoots from animal damage as they first emerge in the spring. It’s also a helpful reminder of where plants are in the yard before they start to sprout.
Consider leaving some perennials like coneflower, black-eyed Susan and tall sedums standing. They add interest to the winter garden both by their structure and by attracting birds to their seed heads.
Ornamental grasses should be left standing to protect their crown from a harsh winter.
Keep water gardens covered with a net until gusty fall winds have settled down and leaves aren’t blowing around.
Pull stakes and plant supports. Store where they’ll freeze to help destroy overwintering pests and diseases.
Test Garden

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.2329
Retrieved Text: Has the characteristic features of lampreys, a round mouth and teeth arranged in a circle, but this species is non- parasitic.
Small (9-16 cm long) and is easily confused with other native lampreys.
Upper body dark grey or brown and the sides are grey or silver.
End of the tail dark grey or black and the base of the dorsal fin is tan. The dorsal fin is continuous, not divided into two distinct fins and the caudal fin is oval.
Eyes are bluish and there is single nostril between the eyes.
The ammocoetes (larvae) feed on diatoms and protozoan.
Adults spawn in gravely riffles and then die. Individuals can lay over 1,000 eggs.
In two to four weeks the eggs hatch into a larval stage called ammocoetes. Ammocetes then burrow into soft mud and spend from five to seven years growing in their larval burrows. The length of ammocete life is difficult to determine and probably variable depending on location and food availability. Then, they change into an immature adult stage which lasts over winter. They develop sexual maturity quickly, emerge from the mud and disperse as adults to the spawning grounds.
Adults never feed and live for about a year before dying.
As indicated by its common name, this species lives in small rivers, particularly clean headwaters of creeks and small rivers with coarse gravel to rock bottoms.
Other threats include water drawdown and siltation.
General prohibition relating to the destruction or harmful alteration of fish habitat as outlined in the Federal Fisheries Act.
Due to its small size, secretive life-style and non-parasitic nature, this species has

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.97819
Retrieved Text: Wood frogs such as this one pictured in Westborough, need vernal pools to breed.
Editor's Note: Starting with this week's issue, Annie Reid and Garry Kessler will write a bi-monthly column for the News on behalf of the Westborough Community Land Trust .
If you walk in the woods in late March or early April and happen to pass near some wet areas, you might hear a loud quacking. Ducks in the woods? No, you're probably hearing wood frogs (Rana sylvatica) announcing their breeding place and season.
If you follow the sound and happen to spot a wood frog, note the dark raccoon-like mask around the eyes.
These hearty frogs spend the winter partly frozen, buried in mud and dead leaves. Wood frogs survive thanks to a kind of antifreeze that their bodies produce as soon as ice begins to form on their skin. In early spring they emerge and make their way to the vernal pools that dot the New England woodlands. They hop right in, even when chunks of ice still float on the water.
Vernal pools, or spring pools, are landlocked pockets of standing water that appear in low places in the woods in winter and spring and then gradually dry up throughout the summer until they're gone. While they last, vernal pools are wonderful breeding places for a treasure trove of creatures--certain insects, frogs, and salamanders--whose young mature in the vanishing waters.
Because they dry up, vernal pools usually don't have fish, which would feed on the eggs, tadpoles, and other larvae. Wood frogs are one of the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.976116
Retrieved Text: New Board members are elected! Please welcome new board MEMBERS and REMEMBER to reach out and share your ideas with them THROUGHOUT the year.
Next Forum is Wednesday February 6 and the REI in Bloomington. Rehtt Johnson will be teaching us about Grass ID as we start to prep (dream) about the upcoming field season. Cookies, coffee, and conversation begins at 2pm followed by the presentation and discussion from 2:30-4:30pm. Hope to see you there!!
It is Freezing outside! It was so cold this week that MN recorded colder temperatures than Antarctica! So what are wetland animals like frogs and toads doing to survive during our sometimes harsh winter months? Likely they are underground, underwater, or are temporarily frogcicles.
Green frogs, leopard frogs, mink frogs, and pickerel frogs often hibernate in the water; typically selecting larger/deeper ponds or flowing streams for their winter habitat. As long as the water remains unfrozen, so does the frog. Because very cold water holds more oxygen than warm water the frogs are able to absorb enough oxygen to survive through their skin. It is likely they nestle in among rocks, roots, and logs and near moving water to ride out the winter in a torpid state.
Toads like the American and Great Plains toads hibernate in upland areas. They will dig burrows below the frost line to avoid dangerous temperatures. This means the little guys dig about three feet down to their winter resting place! The too will enter a torpid state until spring.
Wood frogs, tree frogs, chorus frogs, and spring peepers hibernate under

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.550323
Retrieved Text: How Do Fish Survive When a Pond Freezes?
Fish that live in a pond are able to survive the winter when the pond freezes because of how they are able to adapt to the drastic changes. When a pond freezes, it never freezes solid. Even when the temperatures drop to well below zero, only so much ice will form on a pond, leaving water beneath it that is about 34 to 40 degrees Fahrenheit in temperature. While people cannot survive in such cold conditions for more than minutes because their body temperature would fall rapidly, fish are able to live in water this cold since they are what is known as ectothermic. This means that fish do not control the temperatures of their body; it will be very close to the temperature of the surrounding water. The common term used to describe this is that fish are "cold-blooded."
The metabolic rate of a fish swimming beneath a layer of thick ice in a pond drops well below what it would be in the summer months. As the water grows colder the core temperature of the fish drops as well. Fish slow down in their activity and are not as quick as they are when the water is much warmer. The energy the fish needs to survive is far less in the cold, which is a good thing since there is not the abundance of food available to a fish in the winter under the ice that there is in the summer. Some species that would be found in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.548885
Retrieved Text: This early morning celebration has become a tradition in the United States celebrated every February 2nd (and thanks to the popularity of the Bill Murray Groundhog Day film).
If it is cloudy when a groundhog emerges from its burrow on this day, then the spring season will arrive early, some time before the vernal equinox.
If it is sunny, the groundhog will supposedly see its shadow and retreat back into its den, and winter weather will persist for six more weeks.
This entry was posted in february, Graphic Design, Illustration, Jessica Haas Designs' Work and tagged bill murray groundhog film, February 2 2017, groundhog day, groundhog gif, no shadow spring, shadow winter. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.531452
Retrieved Text: GROUNDHOG DAY is Saturday, February 2!
I simply couldn’t resist … so sorry for those of you who are freezing… but here it goes!
What does that mean to you? Well, let’s look into the history of Groundhog Day from Wikipedia.
Groundhog Day 2005 in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, U.S.
Groundhog Day (Pennsylvania German: Grund’sau dåk, Grundsaudaag, Grundsow Dawg, Murmeltiertag; Nova Scotia: Daks Day) is a popular tradition celebrated in the United States and Canada on February 2. It derives from the Pennsylvania Dutchsuperstition that if a groundhog (Deitsch: Grundsau, Grunddax, Dax) emerging from its burrow on this day sees a shadow due to clear weather, it will retreat to its den and winter will persist for six more weeks, and if it does not see its shadow because of cloudiness, spring will arrive early. While the tradition remains popular in modern times, studies have found no consistent correlation between a groundhog seeing its shadow or not and the subsequent arrival time of spring-like weather.
I think this year in particular there is NO CORRELATION BETWEEN THE GROUONDHOG SEEING ITS SHADOW OR NOT AND THE SUBSEQUENT ARRIVAL OF SPRING!
What do you think? Do you honestly think he’s going back into this burrow for (at least) 6 more weeks or is he going to come out and freeze his little bottom?
And what about those people who wake him up! Surely they are going to be dressed in their winter coats and boots,then wake up the little guy from a sound sleep and expect him to be a happy camper? No way!
and then spring-time flowers

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.51406
Retrieved Text: With winter abating across most of the US, many cyclists are rousing their mountain bikes from hibernation to take advantage of snow-free trails. But because of the way freeze-thaw cycles work, now might be too soon to start riding.
Although winter riding has its challenges (staying warm on a ride and proper gear selection, notably), you rarely have to worry about damaging a trail when it’s frozen solid. But when the mercury finally reaches the low 30s or higher, some caution is in order. Freeze-thaw cycles—through which the ground rids itself of winter moisture—can be the most frustrating aspect of late winter/early spring mountain biking: Interrupting them can delay drying of the soil, and ruin the quality of trails.
Freeze-thaw is Nature’s way of rejuvinating trails you’ve spent months tamping down with your bike tires. Moisture in the ground expands as it freezes, which loosens up dirt. In colder weather, the ground can go through multiple freeze-thaw cycles, each one releasing moisture from the dirt and uncompacting the soil a little bit more. That’s why there’s often a thin layer of sloppy mud on top of still-frozen dirt as the temperature finally sneaks past 32 degrees, says Paul Arlinghaus, a trailbuilder with the Hoosier Mountain Bike Association.
Compaction is good for trails. The more solid the trails, the less your tires will sink into the dirt, and the easier they'll roll—meaning you'll be able to shred singletrack faster. When the soil is compacted, less water will be absorbed into it, which means you're able to ride relatively soon after

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.996874
Retrieved Text: Mudflats may appear desolate to the naked eye, but there's a wealth of activity just below the surface. These areas of mud or sandy mud, which line thousands of miles of Chesapeake Bay shoreline, are hiding a rich variety of life.
Also known as intertidal flats, mudflats are the stinky result of fine sediments combining with organic matter, water saturation and bacterial influence. They’re affected by the rise and fall of the tide, creating various microhabitats as they’re submerged and exposed.
Though much of this ecosystem’s activity is hidden from view, you’ve probably seen evidence of its inhabitants if you’ve ever stepped foot onto its soft and slimy surface.
The tiny holes commonly found in mudflats are likely the work of an invertebrate like the fiddler crab. This animal digs burrows along the higher intertidal zones, emerging at low tide to snack on detritus and microalgae. When the tide rises once again, it creeps back into its burrow and plugs it, sealing itself inside, safe from predators.
Where you find fish, you’ll find birds. If you’re lucky, you’ll spot one of these majestic birds wading in the water. Their presence is a sign of life in the shallows—they’re waiting patiently to grab their next meal. Fish, insects, frogs, crabs and even mice contribute to the great blue heron’s diet.
Visitors to the Bay have a good chance of stumbling upon a discarded crab shell while combing the shoreline. There’s a reason they end up there. Blue crabs wait for the tide to rise, and then move into the mudflat’s safe, shallow

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.920322
Retrieved Text: Greg Judy has great tips for getting through mud season so that your cattle are well-fed and your pastures are healthy and ready for the summer.
This week marks the beginning of Spring. It’s the time when we start seeing a tinge of green grass poking its baby head up. Middle of March is also the normal time to have tons of mud to deal with. The frost is out of the ground, snow is mostly melted and the grass is barely growing. It’s this excess moisture that can turn your pastures into a mud lot if you are not careful with your livestock grazing management.
You have several strategies at your disposal to keep from destroying your future spring pastures during this period. The most common method is to have a sacrifice lot to put your animals in while the ground is soft. You feed hay in this mud lot until it is safe to return your animals to the pasture. This method has both good and bad outcomes attached to it. The good is that your animals are not allowed onto your pastures which could leave pug marks and compactions issues.
The bad points attached to leaving them in a mud lot sacrifice area are numerous. First and foremost you are now working for your cows, having to pack hay to them. Second, now instead of having all your nutrients of manure and urine deposited evenly across your pastures, it is all being deposited in a mud lot. What was an asset, now becomes a liability. When

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.892815
Retrieved Text: Spring has its own rhythm. Life has its own beat. And the music plays faster the farther north you go. Right now, the season seems slow in arriving. Cabin fever is epidemic as farmers ask, “Will spring ever come?” But by the end of March, at least in Vermont, there’s a full hour’s more sunshine between dawn and dusk than at the beginning of the month. By April’s finale, we’ll be enjoying fourteen-hour days, with sunlight to spare, warming the soil and rousing the worms, who need a ground temperature of three degrees above freezing to come out of hiding and bring the robins along. Sunrise comes earlier, night falls later with each degree of latitude. For those of us in the North Country the darkness of December will eventually get repaid with interest . . . not because the world’s in perfect balance, but because it’s not.
The reason we have seasons, and perhaps the reason we have life at all, is because the planet is tilted on its axis, at 23½ degrees. Fortunately, we inhabit a world that’s cockeyed, off center, more than slightly askew. Half of each year, we lean toward the sun; the other half, we’re tipped away. Twice annually, at the moments of the vernal and autumnal equinoxes, we’re precisely at the tipping point. At that brief instant, the days are getting neither longer nor shorter. Daylight and dark stand in absolute equilibrium. The rest of the time, however, change happens. Instability reigns. Nothing’s on the square.
If the planet were vertically centered,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.84832
Retrieved Text: Find the perfect location for your garden!
For bumper harvests, grow vegetables in a sunny, well-drained area. Fall is the best time to break new ground and enrich soil for spring planting. Organic amendments—such as compost, manure, and peat moss—have time to blend in over winter. With a spade or tiller, turn the earth to a depth of 8 to 10 inches before the ground freezes. The loose soil will dry more quickly in spring. If you are starting from scratch in the spring, follow the same procedure. Simply wait until the soil has dried out. To test whether soil is ready to work, squeeze some in your hand, then poke at the clump. If the clump breaks up easily into small crumbs, the soil is dry enough to till.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.802868
Retrieved Text: If I had to guess the political persuasion of Wilson’s Snipes, I would say most of them are probably Reaganites. While I generally dislike painting an entire species with such a broad brush, it’s obvious that Wilson’s Snipes are great believers in one of President Reagan’s favorite maxims: Trust, but verify. Snipes clearly trust that the Fill is a safe place to hang out during the fall, winter, and spring, but they constantly verify that no predators are about to pounce on them. They look up into the sky for enemies almost as much as they look down at the ground for food.
Wilson’s Snipes are freshwater shorebirds with short legs and Jimmy Durante beaks. They are arriving at the Fill now in numbers. Yesterday I found four in Hoyt’s Meadow. If you’re lucky, you may come upon one foraging on the mudbanks of the Lagoon, ponds, and Waterlily Cove of the Fill. Their favorite food is worms, crustaceans, and insects that burrow into mud. Snipes hunt by probing the soft mud with their long bills, which are loaded with sensitive nerves at the tips so they can feel out a likely morsel. Occasionally, snipes fly over to the prairies to pick at food or seeds they find on the ground.
Wilson’s Snipes are plump, tasty menu entrees for a variety of raptors that regularly come to the Fill, including Peregrine Falcons, Merlins, Cooper’s Hawks, and Sharp-shinned Hawks. I’m sure the local Red-tailed Hawks who usually prey on rats wouldn’t say no to a snipe if one were

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.631252
Retrieved Text: Mud Daubers are named after their “nests” or brood chambers which they construct out of the mud. These clusters of mud are often attached to the walls of buildings. The females collect spiders which she stings and renders them paralyzed. She places them inside the mud chambers then deposits an egg on one of the spiders in each chamber before sealing it. When the larval wasp hatches, it feeds on the spiders provided, molting several times. It later pupates and transforms to an adult wasp which emerges from its mud chamber. They are usually yellow and black or predominately black with bands of yellow or white depending on species. Mud Daubers are usually 1 to 2 inches in length also depending on species and are “solitary” wasps, which do not have a nest and do not cooperate with others of their kind. The most common are the Organ-Pipe Mud Dauber, the Black and Yellow Mud Dauber and the Blue Mud Dauber. These wasps rarely sting people even when provoked.
This wasp is the most commonly encountered of the wasp family. It is often annoying us at BBQ’s, competing with us for our food and soft drinks. The Yellow Jacket Hornet is just as prevalent around homes and is often mistaken for the Umbrella Wasp. They are very similar in appearance and habits as well as having nearly identical nest sites. The “honeycomb” in appearance nest is constructed of cellulose material and saliva. It mostly resembles “paper” hence the name. They are constructed upside down and look like

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.615654
Retrieved Text: The weather was nice and the Board met on Tuesday. As you may recall, The Board provides guidance for both the Lipscomb County Historical Commission and the Wolf Creek Heritage Museum. This meeting the group set the dates for our quarterly meeting: April 16, July 16, and October 6 at 2 pm. The April meeting will be our annual meeting with 2014 reports will be given. The annual fundraiser will be held in October. The group also discuss the goals for 2015.
We still need student art from three of the school districts. We will be planning our February reception date and would like to have art from all of the schools.
Our calendar for exhibits is complete except for the fall: Sept/Oct/Nov. If you have an exhibit (paintings, sculptures, toys, trophies, etc.) give us a call.
Monday was groundhog day and the three groundhog that predict for us, two did not see their shadows and predict spring and one saw his shadow and predict six more weeks of winter.
The three groundhog live in Punxsutawney, Penn; Staten Island, New York; and Dunkirk, New York.
The folklore for this day states that if it is cloudy when a groundhog emerges from its burrow on this day, then spring will come early; if it is sunny, the groundhog will supposedly see its shadow and retreat back into its burrow, and the winter weather will persist for six more weeks.
With this poem and two of the three official groundhogs, we should be having an early Spring. Time will tell.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.40329
Retrieved Text: My Hubby has been a superstar the past couple of months. He’s rewired the entire barn, added outlets next to each stall, hooked up lights in each stall, and rewired the tack room with its own light and outlet.
No more motion activated light in the tack room which convienently goes out 15 seconds after I walk in. Yay!
We now have outlets to plug in the heated water buckets, and anything else I may need.
Plus, he replaced the motion activated light on the back deck of the house with a regular light, and fixed the light over the barn door.
We also had gravel brought in yesterday to try to tame this bog pit of a paddock. Hubby took the fencing down to allow the dump trucks to access the paddock.
You probably can’t tell from this picture, but the whole far side consists of a couple feet of the thickest, slimiest, nastiest muck I’ve ever seen. When it rains, the water just sits there turning it into a gooey mess. When it freezes, the muck turns into treacherous crevices and lumps. It’s rather ironic, really. The entire property is sand. Sand as deep as you can dig. Yet the paddock has the blackest, thickest muck I’ve ever seen outside of swamp land.
The entrances to each stalls has at least a 2 foot drop from the stall to the paddock ground.
We had 43 tons of gravel dropped off. At $5.60 a ton. Then we had to pay to have it delivered, which cost more than the gravel itself. Poor

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.35958
Retrieved Text: Plant Firm Healthy Bulbs!Where? Drainage and Sunlight How Deep?When? Before October 15 Water — Absolutely Yes!Mulch after ground freezesWater & Fertilize during BloomingWater — Not in Sumertime!Water next Fall — Absolutely Yes!
Don't buy or plant any bulb that is soft or mushy. Local garden centers don't store their bulbs in ideal conditions and many bulbs will be soft on their shelves. Don't be tempted by markdowns; feel the bulbs for firmness.
Open mail-order bulbs immediately and provide cool air circulation until you can get them into the ground. Again, inspect bulbs for firmness immediately. Most reputable firms will either replace or give credit for soft bulbs, if notified within a day of receipt. See Sources.
Think twice before buying daffodil mixtures. They often contain varieties not hardy for Minnesota.
The Daffodil Society of Minnesota sells bulbs locally, offering newer varieties that aren't yet widely available commercially. See Calendar of Events for sale dates and locations.
Good drainage is a must for any bulb, but especially for daffodils in Minnesota. Avoid places where the snow is last to melt or are regularly the last to dry from summer rains. Avoid very heavy clay soils unless you can add granite grit and organic matter to improve drainage.
Daffodils can be planted under deciduous trees, since trees don't provide much shade until their leaves fill out, and daffodils are going dormant by then. Avoid trees with dense roots near the surface: maple, dogwood, and beech. Also avoid black walnut trees because of the juglone in their tissues. Evergreens are also poor choices, except on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.294184
Retrieved Text: A native of northern Europe, the midwife toad was introduced into a garden in Bedford at the end of the nineteenth century. It thrived and expanded in the locality and further colonies were started in Yorkshire, Worksop and south Devon. In addition, other colonies have arisen from escapees from captivity. The current status of most of these colonies is now unclear but it is safe to say that a number remain in the wild. Fortunately they do not appear to represent a significant competitive or predatorial threat to our native wildlife.
This is a small greyish toad, nocturnal in habit and preferring small ponds for breeding. The males have a call similar to a single bell-like tone - thus their other name; the Bell Toad. Their breeding habits are unusual. The spawn string contains a small number of eggs and immediately after fertilisation the male wraps it around his hind limbs and carries it around until the eggs are ready to hatch. It then visits a suitable pool where they hatch and swim away. The tadpoles grow exceptionally large, but the speed of growth is such that they often have to over-winter as tadpoles and metamorphose in the following spring.
These two frogs form an unusual species complex (which includes our native pool frog (Pelophylax lessonae) due not only to their close relationship but also the results of them inter-breeding.
The marsh frog was introduced in the mid thirties on the edge of Romney Marsh. It has since expanded throughout most of the marsh and much of the surrounding

================



======= Instance Index 205 =========
Input Text: A plant stem contains a system of tubes for transporting water and nutrients to

Which is the correct answer?
- the sun
- the hive mind
- its neighbors
- itself

Target Text: itself

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.04941
Retrieved Text: *These items are included in the Test Tube Hydroponics Kit, which is available for purchase from agclassroomstore.com. A Test Tube Hydroponics Refill Kit is also available.
Hydroponic systems can be used indoors or outdoors. The systems can be set up to use either natural sunlight or artificial grow lights.
Hydroponics, the science of growing plants without soil, is at least as old as the Egyptian pyramids. As a farming tool, it is believed to have started with the hanging gardens in the ancient city of Babylon. The Aztecs created floating gardens by building rafts of rushes and reeds that held crops of vegetables and flowers.
In 1699, John Woodward, a fellow of the Royal Society of England, experimented with growing plants in a liquid medium. Following Woodward's research, European plant physiologists proved that water is absorbed by plant roots, passes through the plant stem system, and escapes into the air through pores in the leaves. They showed that plant roots take up minerals through water.
In 1860, Julius von Sachs, professor of botany at the University of Würzburg, published the first standard formula for a nutrient solution that could be dissolved in water and in which plants could be successfully grown.
In 1936, W.F. Gericke and J.R. Travernetti, from the University of California Berkeley, published an account of the successful cultivation of hydroponic tomatoes. From this study, commercial growers began experimenting with the technique, and researchers and agronomists began working to simplify and perfect the process.
Today, hydroponics is the term used to describe the many varied ways plants can be raised

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.787533
Retrieved Text: Each part of a plant has a very important function. All plants produce flowers for the same reason: to make seeds so another plant can grow.
Flowers: These are the reproductive parts of a plant. Flower petals and the flowers smell attract insects and bees to pollinate the flower. After pollination, the petals fall off and seeds develop in the part of a flower called the ovary. The ovary itself usually becomes what we call the fruit.
Stems: These support the upper parts of plants. Water and dissolved nutrients from the soil travel up the stem in a system of tubes. Food from the leaves travel down stems to the roots. Stems also store food for the plant.
Roots: These anchor plants in the soil. Water and minerals are taken from the soil through the roots. Many plants such as carrots, store food in their roots.
Seeds: these contain a tiny embryo of a plant inside. The seed halves contain food which supplies energy and materials for growth until the plant grows its first leaves above the ground.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.479527
Retrieved Text: Tomatoes are a favorite among gardeners because they are easy to grow, produce a high yield of fruit, and are a healthy addition to many recipes. Each part of the tomato plant performs duties that are essential to the health and well-being of the plant. Knowing how each part of the tomato plant functions is helpful when trying to diagnose problems that are harming your crops.
The roots of the tomato plant take water and nutrients in from the soil and they act as an anchor for the plant. There are two kinds of root systems, taproot and fibrous. The tomato plant can have either depending on how the plant is grown. If the plant came from a seed it will have a taproot system, if it was grown from root cuttings, it has a fibrous root system. Tomato plants are susceptible to root rot if they are planted in poorly drained soil and are over watered.
Tomatoes are herbaceous plants, they have non-woody stems that die at the end of the growing season. The stems of the tomato plant perform several duties. Stems move the water and minerals from the roots to the shoots and leaves and other parts of the tomato plant. They take food back down to the roots so that it can be stored for use when the plant needs it. Tomato plant stems support and elevate the flowers, leaves and fruits of the plant and keep the leaves in the sunlight. Stems store nutrients and produce new living plant tissue.
The leaf of the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.29984
Retrieved Text: These are the little ones. The most important feature of mosses and liverworts is that they have no vascular system. A vascular system in plants is a series of tubes that can transport water and nutrients over a distance. That vascular system of xylem and phloem allows redwood and sequoia trees to grow to over one hundred feet tall.
Without a vascular system, mosses, and liverworts cannot grow very large. If you have seen mosses, you know that they are actually carpets of individual plants. They are rarely taller than one inch high. Another important characteristic of these little guys is that they require water to reproduce. It's another characteristic of their low place in plant evolution. While all plants need water, mosses and bryophytes need droplets of water to enable their haploid reproductive cells to combine. They are all known as the bryophytes.
Let's start with mosses. These are waxy little plants with no leaves and no stem that use each other to stay upright. Their inability to stay up is why you never see one little moss plant; it's always a group. That grouping also helps them retain water in the area. A waxy covering across their bodies helps keep water from evaporating. You will usually find them in moist areas out of the direct sunlight.
We'll cover liverworts and hornworts together. If you can believe it, the worts are even simpler than mosses. These are considered to be the simplest of all plants and often grow flat along the ground in large leaf-like structures. None of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.515198
Retrieved Text: Flood your extra-cellular matrix with three different and carefully-weighted hyaluronic acid molecules for enhanced skin penetration and hydration. Used morning and night, this cell-stimulating serum lasts for 90 days.
Description: Step One of our Recovery System delivers essential nutrients to the skin. Hydrating the skin completely, the serum carries a carefully selected blend of cell-stimulating growth factors and micro-nutrients required for healthy skin rejuvenation.
Nature at Work: The water-based serum, a synergistic breakthrough that utilizes two plant-based stem cells, boosts collagen and elastin production to promote skin density.
Application: Apply liberally to face and neck morning and night. Allow 15 seconds for absorption before applying Step 2. Packaged in an airless pump bottle to ensure you enjoy every drop.
Aqua (Water), Glycerin, Pseudoalteromonas Ferment Extract, Plantago Lanceolata Leaf Extract, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Seed Extract, Gardenia Jasminoides Meristem Cell Culture, Proline, Alanine, Serine, Sodium Hyaluronate, Zizphus Jujuba Seed Extract, Magnolia Sieboldii Extract, Chondrus Crispus Extract, Yeast Extract, Levan, Decyl Glucoside,Olea Europaea (Olive) Leaf Extract, Algae, Saccharide Isomerate, Diglycerin, Pinus pinaster extract, Niacinamide, Panthenol, Hydrolyzed Hyaluronic Acid, Calcium Ketogloconate, Hyaluronic Acid, Xanthan Gum, Sodium Phosphate, Sodium Hydroxide, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenenethyl Alcohol, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. Contains 4% concentration of Hyaluronic Acids.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.95287
Retrieved Text: You probably know by now that Tom is a gym teacher. So bigger is better. And this mantra even applies to tomatoes.
Tom wants the biggest tomatoes on the block. Nothing else will do.
I'm not sure who he thinks he's competing with since very few people actually grow anything in our suburban neighborhood. Certainly not to the extent that we do!
And he's coming up with all sorts of ideas to implement.
One of which are these dang fish heads. Gross. I know.
But it's an organic fertilizer and tomatoes are heavy feeders that need lots of fertilizer.
He's been reading about how fish heads (all leftover fish parts actually) paired with aspirin and a few other amendments will grow the most stupendous tomatoes ever.
He also used some leftover PVC tubing from a drain project to make these unique watering tubes that feed our tomatoes using compost.
Combining these techniques will grow the biggest and best tomatoes possible. The techniques outlined here will work with all types of tomatoes, so it never hurts to try new varieties!
We hope you're game and keep your sense of humor while following us!
Enter to win a $740 Raised Garden Bed!
Tom dug out a trench. But you could just dig humongous holes. The general idea is to use one PVC water tube per four tomato plants that will be staggered around each pole.
We are using three poles and twelve tomato plants for this plot measuring six feet across. Encouraging upward growth is vital to save garden space. Tom made these for me out of PVC!
No time to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.489216
Retrieved Text: Believe it or not, these are significant nutrients for plants. Plants need carbon and can absorb it in the form of Carbon Dioxide to produce sugar. When the plant later burns / eats the sugar it needs oxygen for the aerobic (with oxygen) breakdown of sugar. Breaking down sugar provides a lot more energy than breaking down sugar without oxygen.
All known life needs water, but plants need it for different reasons than people. Plants need water to conduct photosynthesis. Plants split water in half then later form a water molecule through one cycle of photosynthesis. I guess there is a lot of energy in light.
Plants also need water to maintain their shape. Animal cells don’t have cell walls. Plant cells have membranes, like animals do plus a cell wall. The cell wall keeps the plant standing up. This is why plants don’t need bones, yet we find bones in animals. To keep plants upright water fills plant cells. The cell wall then contains the water inside. A plant cell is slightly pressurized. When plants don’t have enough water, they wilt. The plant cells are depressurizing and losing structure. Seen in the plant falling in height and bending to gravity’s will.
Most plants are autotrophs, meaning they make their own energy. They do this by capturing radiation from the sun and turning it into chemical energy. We use light to see but often can’t tell how much light is in the environment only if it is sunny or shady. Plants know precisely how much light they are being

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.220745
Retrieved Text: As with all organisms, a tomato’s primary objective is to reproduce and carry on its genetic line. Every element of the plant’s anatomy is designed to reach this goal. Roots seek out water and nutrients, which the semi-woody main stem carries through vascular tissues to the leaves, flowers and developing fruit. The large compound leaves capture the energy of the sun to fuel the growing plant, which opens bright yellow flowers that attract the attention of passing insects. Once pollinated, the sexual organs of the flowers develop into fruit, housing the seeds of the next tomato generation.
Most plants have one of two types of root systems, either a fibrous root system or a taproot system. Taproot systems feature a larger, central root from which all the other smaller roots in the system arise. Fibrous systems are more complex, with branching roots which are all roughly the same diameter in size. Tomatoes can have either of these root systems; plants grown from seed usually have a taproot system, where plants grown from cuttings have fibrous root systems.
The main trunk of the tomato plant is comprised of three parts. The first, the shoot apical meristem (SAM), is the actively growing portion located at the crown of the plant. The second portion consists of primary tissues, newly grown stem just behind the SAM. All other stem-wood is referred to as secondary tissue, or old growth. As the SAM grows upward, the secondary tissue grows outward, expanding the lower vascular tissue to keep up with the tomato’s increasing water and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.15374
Retrieved Text: What do worms do? Why are roots important? Do we really need either of them? You might be surprised by what you’ll find out about these two simple things!
What You Do: Fold the paper towel in half and then in half again into a square. Get the paper towel square wet and then gently squeeze it out. It should be wet but not dripping.
Place the wet paper towel into the plastic bag. With the bag laying flat, place 3 or 4 seeds between the plastic bag and the paper towel. They should be in a row near the center of the bag. Use a dropper to add a couple drops of water to the paper towel just above your row of seeds.
Close the top of the bag keeping a space in the middle unzipped. Tape the two closed sides of the top of your bag so a window that gets a lot of sunlight. Make sure the seeds face outside (towards the sun). Carefully lift the bottom of the bag up to peek at your seeds each day.
What Happened: Seeds need certain conditions in order to start growing. Until it is in the right conditions, the seed is dormant – it’s kind of like it is asleep. When the seed has everything that it needs to start growing (warmth, oxygen, and water), it will “wake up” and sprout, or germinate. Once the seed germinates, it will begin growing roots going downwards and a stem going up. As the plant continues to grow, it needs sunlight, oxygen

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.986475
Retrieved Text: On this site you will learn how to make an aeroponic garden designed by Tribe Awesome. You can learn more about areoponics and hydroponics here.
This system is a way of growing plants without soil. The system includes a fogger which, while floating on the water, creates 5-10 micron water droplets which it ‘throws’ into the air; thus the name aeroponics. Aeroponic systems average up to 13 crop turns a year, which compared to the soil’s 5, is quite alot. This system does not take up much space, as it is contained in a five gallon bucket. You also have complete control over your plants: the nutrients, air temperature (it’s quite portable), moisture, and you can rein in those diseases that kill your average soil plant. This system actually uses about 90% less water than soil gardening. With traditional gardening, the soil soaks up the water then over time transfers some to the plant’s roots, the rest evaporates.
STEP 1 Place the lid on the bucket and mark where you would like to drill your holes. Remember that the holes will be one inch wide so do not make the markings too close together. From our experience, 4-7 holes is a good amount. Be aware that one hole will be taken up by the fogger cord, so make one more hole than the number of plants you want to grow. These pictures show a template we created from thin cardboard to help us make sure our holes are easily spaced since we make a lot of these gardens.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.85835
Retrieved Text: This project from 101 Brilliant Things for Kids to do with Science falls under the 'indoor gardening' category - which, given the vagaries of Easter weather, is no bad thing.
Plants are pretty good at making lots more of themselves - and not just from seeds. In fact they can quite often grow new roots from a tiny snipped off stem which is a bit like growing a new pair of feet out of a tiny finger - except much less weird.
Usually this clever work goes on under the ground but some plants will let you peek at what they do because they'll even produce new roots in water. If you want to watch the magic in action, first you'll need to find some suitable plants to snip. Many herbs are good to try such as rosemary, mint, sage, tarragon, lemon balm, thyme and oregano.
Cut about 15cm from the end of a plant stem without flowers, strip off any leaves on the bottom half and then place this 'cutting' in a small container of water on a sunny windowsill. It's good to find a container with a slightly narrower top as this will help hold the stem upright.
You should change the water every few days so it stays fresh - you can use tap water but rainwater is even better as it contains less chemicals and more nutrients.
Amazingly within 2-6 weeks (depending on the plant) you should start to see roots begin to grow out of the base of the stem. You can keep them this way,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.857018
Retrieved Text: This set contains 67 questions on plant reproduction, anatomy and physiology as well as plant evolution.
A) formation of motile male gametes.
B) alternation of sporophyte and gametophyte generations.
C) presence of both haploid and diploid stages.
Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of plants?
A) Glucose is made from photosynthesis.
B) Cell walls contain cellulose.
D) Diploid and haploid generations alternate in their life cycle.
E) Diploid and haploid phases of their life cycle produce spores.
Cactus plants are adapted to the hot and dry deserts of North and South America. Which of the following characteristics would NOT help cacti to survive the extreme heat and low rainfall?
A) A thick, waxy cuticle.
B) A stem with a small surface area.
C) Stomata that are closed during the day.
D) Thin leaves with a large surface area.
Transport of the products of photosynthesis is understood to occur by pressure flow through the phloem from a source (such as the leaves where the products are produced) to a sink (such as a developing fruit where they are used or stored). Which of the following statements about this transport is FALSE?
A) Water enters the phloem by osmosis.
B) Phloem tubes in a source have a low water pressure.
C) Water and sugar move through the phloem tubes because of pressure.
D) Sugar is removed from phloem by active transport in the sink area.
E) Solutes are pushed along by the flow of water in the phloem.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.65936
Retrieved Text: The seed germination process is a complex process in which the embryonic plant created by sexual reproduction of plants propagates the species by forming a new, independent plant. In order to germinate, the moisture and temperatures must be right. New plants live a short while on the sugars stored in the seed, requiring the plant to start gathering nutrients and moisture from the soil and producing its own food quickly.
Once a plant produces a seed, it remains dormant until it senses the conditions are right for germination. All seeds require water, the right temperature and oxygen to germinate. Water initiates the metabolic processes needed for the seed to germinate. Use of the sugars stored in the seed requires respiration, a process requiring oxygen. If the soil is too wet, the seed cannot obtain the needed oxygen and does not germinate. Seeds do not germinate when the temperatures drop below freezing. Some require full light to germinate, and others require darkness.
When the proper conditions exist, the seed takes in water and oxygen through its seed coat. Cells start to grow larger, eventually breaking the seed coat. The root emerges first, followed by the shoot, which contains the stem and leaves.
Find Seeds Germination. Examine Now.
What Are the Stages of a Dandelion?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.444782
Retrieved Text: In this article, I share the best hydroponic system for weed, including the best hydroponic nutrients and an explanation of how hydroponic weed is different from soil-grown cannabis.
A hydroponic system is a method of growing plants without soil. The literal Latin translation of the word hydroponic is ‘water work.’ Therefore, hydroponics is a technique where a plant absorbs all the required nutrients from a soilless medium.
Even though the definition refers to water, it is not necessary to believe that hydroponic systems only work with water. The hydroponic method avoids soil but can apply to growth in absolutely any other medium like sand, gravel, misted air etc.
The primary advantage of growing plants with hydroponics is all the nutrients are directly delivered to the roots, and the plants do not need to search and extract them from the soil, thus resulting in a faster and a higher yield.
How to Grow Hydroponic Weed?
Growing cannabis using the best hydroponic systems has become popular recently as the plants only need light, water, oxygen, carbon dioxide and nutrients to grow. Since cannabis plants can process the nutrients as soon as they absorb them, they proliferate in a soilless situation.
Ebb and Flow is the best hydroponic system for the beginners because it is low maintenance and yet highly productive. In this system, a nutrient reservoir is used to flood the weed containers. The pots are then drained in 30 mins so the roots can absorb both nutrients as well as fresh oxygen.
In the Aeroponic system, no medium is needed, since the plants are

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.4332
Retrieved Text: Growing your plants from clones is simpler and quicker in comparison to using seeds. However, cloning plants is no easy task and require experience and skill. Using the best cloning gel ensures that there is a large number of stems growing into healthy plants.
Cloning gels are particularly designed with vitamins and hormones to provide the young stems with tools for fast rooting. The faster the stems develop the rooting system, the more successful the cloning. Lack of skill and experience in cloning results in low chances of success.
There are many types of rooting hormones and cloning gel is one of them. It is therefore important to use the best cloning gel on every one of your stems every time you clone to increase your chances of success. The proper use of rooting hormones will considerably increase the chances of having a healthy plant.
Rooting Hormones assists the recovery of the stems from cutting, and help in the quick development of the roots. In addition to significantly increasing the chances of a successful growth, it saves your time and money in the long term.
Your plant is more vulnerable to illness without rooting hormone, and their roots will take longer to grow. A large number of rooting hormones are suitable for a range of different garden safe plants such as orchids, cannabis sativa or any plant capable of propagating clones. Our review focuses on rooting hormones suitable for use on different plants.
The Hydrodynamics Clonex Rooting Gel maintains contact with the cut stem, closing the cut tissue. It also supplies

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.399427
Retrieved Text: the vocabulary used is very precise. Unless you are a professional in botany, it is impossible to understand the content of these articles. That’s why we have created for you a small glossary containing all the vocabulary about orchids. These words are often repeated on orchid blogs, now thanks to this lexicon, you will be able to understand everything.
Aerial Root: are roots that are wholly or partly above ground.
Backbulb: it is a pseudobulb that exists on certain types of orchids, without leaves. When the orchid has finished growing, it stays on this one. It allows it to produce a new plant.
Bud: Outgrowth on the stem of a plant that contains the germs of a leaf or flower. It’s the initial form of the plant.
Bud blast: is a very disappointing phenomenon when it occurs. This is when the bud is not yet open and falls off the spike. The bud blast is often caused by a sudden climate change.
Cane: it is the name of the stem of a Dendrobium orchid. The flowers can bloom along this stem, all around, or bloom at the top of this cane. It depends on the type of orchid.
Crown: It is at the end of the stem of the orchid, just before the beginning of the roots of the plant.
Epiphyte: are plants that grow using other plants as a support. These are not parasitic plants because they only take their necessary nutrients but not to the detriment of their host. Some types of orchids are epiphytes, since they do not bloom in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.394266
Retrieved Text: Manufacturer of a wide range of products which include mycorrihiza concentrate, vam, mycorrihiza powder, mycorrihiza technical, vesicular arbuscular mycorrhizae and mycorrhiza liquid.
Vesicular Arbuscular Mycorrhiza follows culture based on American Technology. VAM is a symbiotic endophytic soil fungus, which colonizes the roots of approximately 80% plants. VAM fungi produce hyphae, which are microscopic tubes that colonize crop roots and grow out into the soil further than root hairs. Nutrients are taken up by the hyphae and carried back to the plant. This results in very efficient mobilization & uptake of fertilizers and other nutrients by plants.
Our product surpasses all VAM technologies available in the market because of our in house developed special product which helps to increase the results.
2. Culture based advanced American Technology being followed for bulk production.
3. Long shelf life and wide ecological acceptance.
nitrogen, phosphorous, iron, zinc, sulfur and copper.
It resists entry of pathogens and nematodes near plant roots.
It increases the surface area of roots from 100 to 1000 times.
Enhances uptake of applied fertilizer Nitrogen.
It also improves biological Nitrogen fixation of legume by improving nodules formation.
Creates resistance to entry of pathogens and controls the population of rhizosphere microorganisms.
Reduces symptoms incited by disease producing organisms.
Significantly lowers need of watering and fertilizer.
Fungi penetrate roots and also extend beyond the roots to absorb water and nutrients and deliver them to the plant roots. The filaments bind and aggregate soil particles.
Colonies of fungi penetrate the cortical cells of roots of vascular plants and also extend far into the soil to absorb water and nutrients and deliver them directly from

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.348736
Retrieved Text: BorneoWild Boost P is a nutrient rich soil additive. Boost P introduces 70 different nutrients to the aquarium, which are released partly immediately and partly more slowly to the environment. In particular, the macronutrients nitrogen, phosphate and potassium promote plant growth. The balance and absorption of nutrients are thereby ensured. Fine pumice powder additionally promotes the activity of bacteria and thus supports the nutrient availability for the plants. Recommended for densely planted aquariums with rosette and stem plants as well as aquascapes with dense water plants.
which are given partly immediately and partly more slowly to the environment.
In particular, the macronutrients nitrogen, phosphate and potassium promote plant growth.
The balance and absorption of nutrients are thereby ensured.
Fine pumice powder additionally promotes the activity of bacteria and thus supports the nutrient availability for the plants.
Recommended for densely planted aquariums with rosette and stem plants as well as aquascapes with dense water plants.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.22208
Retrieved Text: The leaves are the food factories of a tree. They contain chlorophyll, which facilitates photosynthesis and gives leaves their green color. Through a process called photosynthesis, leaves use the sun’s energy to convert carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and water from the soil into sugar and oxygen. The sugar, which is the tree’s food, is either used or stored in the branches, trunk and roots. The oxygen is released into the atmosphere.
A tree’s roots absorb water and nutrients from the soil, store sugar and anchor the tree upright in the ground. All trees have lateral roots that branch into smaller and smaller roots and usually extend horizontally beyond the branch tips. Some trees have a tap root that reaches down as far as 15 feet. Each root is covered with thousands of root hairs that make it easier to soak up water and dissolved minerals from the soil. The majority of the root system is located in the upper 12 to 18 inches of soil because the oxygen that roots require to function properly is most abundant there.
The trunk, or stem, of a tree supports the crown and gives the tree its shape and strength. The trunk consists of four layers of tissue. These layers contain a network of tubes that runs between the roots and the leaves and acts as the central plumbing system for the tree. These tubes carry water and minerals up from the roots to the leaves, and they carry sugar down from the leaves to the branches, trunk and roots.
The xylem,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.211786
Retrieved Text: Hydroponics, in its simplest form, is growing plants by supplying all necessary nutrients in the plants’ water supply rather than through the soil. Growing plants hydroponically helps gardeners and farmers grow more food more rapidly in smaller areas (greenhouses, living rooms, classrooms, and rooftops, for instance) and to produce food in parts of the world where space, good soil, and/or water are limited.
Plants, like all living things, have certain requirements that need to be met for them to grow and thrive. These include water, nutrients, light, air, and structural support for the roots. In traditional gardening, plants get root support, nutrients, water, and oxygen from the soil. Hydroponic growers don’t use soil and instead provide water and the right balance of nutrients directly to the plants' roots, enabling the plants to concentrate their energy on producing leaves and fruits rather than forming extensive root systems to search for water and nutrients. Hydroponic growers use a variety of systems to provide water and nutrients. The systems must also provide roots with the oxygen they need and offer a way for the roots to anchor the plants in place.
There are two main types of hydroponic systems: active and passive.
Passive systems: These systems use no energy to move nutrients and water. Passive systems often use a “wicking” material to draw up the liquid nutrients for the roots to access, or they simply suspend the plants in the solution with an air space around some of the root zone.
Active systems: A hydroponic system is active if it relies on some

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.145184
Retrieved Text: Get the best Bud Nutrients in Zenia for your plants, home gardens, greenhouses, hydroponic systems & more using Bud Bionics Microbial Soil Enhancer. Bud Bionics Microbial Enhancer was developed to create a maximized root system for plants to allow maximized conversion of bud nutrients. This state of the art biotechnology has been scientifically proven to be efficient in transporting the nutrients throughout the whole plant and generating increased amounts of phosphorous along the way.
Become a Bud Bionics Reseller In Zenia Now!
Get Your Bud Nutrients Delivered to Zenia, California Now!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.100859
Retrieved Text: A common roasting pan can be used as a container. It should be made of alum foil. An insulation medium such as fiberglass should be wrapped around the tray to protect from sudden temperature variations. Space is usually a factor that inhibits hook from gardening. But using the hydroponics hydroponic system plants can be grown in the very hydroponics of your home.
Various planters are also available in the hoom. They can be none powered or powered by solar or electricity. A basic planter unit can grow 3 hooks. However, if the window does not let in tons of sunshine you can supplement with LED grow lights.
Small containers can be recycled and used as hooks that can be placed in and around the hydroponics. You can DIY and convert unused containers uydroponics a small hydroponic system. You can put it all together by yourself.
The hook container hydroponic system can utilize two systems to operate. One hydroponics electricity and a small pump dating websites herpes operate. The second does not use pumps, cords or tubes. Pu is now hyddroponics. CFL lamps are adequate for hook plants but fruiting plants such as peppers and tomatoes will require more light for maximum yields. Or check out craigslist dating advice here hycroponics already designed hydroponics just require you to setup.
This hydroponic system is cheap efficient and fun to build. The system works by using the raft as hook culture system. The plants are suspended on top of a hook of water with nutrient solutions and the hooks dangle inside it. The

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.094872
Retrieved Text: Get the best Bud Nutrients in Wright Place for your plants, home gardens, greenhouses, hydroponic systems & more using Bud Bionics Microbial Soil Enhancer. Bud Bionics Microbial Enhancer was developed to create a maximized root system for plants to allow maximized conversion of bud nutrients. This state of the art biotechnology has been scientifically proven to be efficient in transporting the nutrients throughout the whole plant and generating increased amounts of phosphorous along the way.
Become a Bud Bionics Reseller In Wright Place Now!
Get Your Bud Nutrients Delivered to Wright Place, California Now!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.073774
Retrieved Text: Get the best Bud Nutrients in Wrightwood for your plants, home gardens, greenhouses, hydroponic systems & more using Bud Bionics Microbial Soil Enhancer. Bud Bionics Microbial Enhancer was developed to create a maximized root system for plants to allow maximized conversion of bud nutrients. This state of the art biotechnology has been scientifically proven to be efficient in transporting the nutrients throughout the whole plant and generating increased amounts of phosphorous along the way.
Become a Bud Bionics Reseller In Wrightwood Now!
Get Your Bud Nutrients Delivered to Wrightwood, California Now!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.01573
Retrieved Text: With the scanner, into the terra incognita: How do you watch roots grow?
How do you watch the roots of a sugarbeet at a depth of 1.50 meters grow? It's quite simple. All you need is a huge drill, long Plexiglas tubes, a special scanner, lots of software for image recognition - and a well-rehearsed KWS research team.
In the field: Benjamin Gruber prepares the scanner for detecting the root system in the underground.
The depths of the ocean are probably better explored than the finely branched roots of plants in the ground. It is the roots that decide how well maize, beets or other plants absorb water or nutrients from the soil. And therefore, to some extent, how much the farmer has to irrigate or fertilise. Therefore, roots are an important factor in the breeding of drought-tolerant or nitrogen-efficient new plant species.
How well do plants cope with stress?
In the KWS research department, the Australian Benjamin Gruber and his colleagues explain how root growth can be observed, assessed and quantified. His goal is to test hundreds of plants in a short period of time, to see how well they can cope with abiotic stress such as drought or lack of nutrients. This is one of the prerequisites for identifying new genes in plants that ensure stable yields and drought tolerance. Both are major breeding goals at KWS.
Observing roots and their growth in detail is by no means trivial: One square metre of grain field often contains 50 to 90 kilometres of roots (about 40 to 60 kilometres for maize,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.776192
Retrieved Text: Get the best Bud Nutrients in Willowick Royal Mobile Home Park for your plants, home gardens, greenhouses, hydroponic systems & more using Bud Bionics Microbial Soil Enhancer. Bud Bionics Microbial Enhancer was developed to create a maximized root system for plants to allow maximized conversion of bud nutrients. This state of the art biotechnology has been scientifically proven to be efficient in transporting the nutrients throughout the whole plant and generating increased amounts of phosphorous along the way.
Become a Bud Bionics Reseller In Willowick Royal Mobile Home Park Now!
Get Your Bud Nutrients Delivered to Willowick Royal Mobile Home Park, California Now!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.74683
Retrieved Text: Healthy corn crop growth requires a variety of nutrients, 16 of which are absolutely essential for plant development.
Regulation of nutrient uptake in variant texture, pH, and chemical properties of the soil is a physiological process that allows the corn plant to maintain a proper nutrient balance.
Nutrient concentration of internal root cells regulates how much additional nutrient must be transported through the plasma membranes.
Plant growth results because of the transportation of these nutrients from internal root cells to other portions of the plants via the xylem and phloem.
Agronomic practices that best support this nutrient extraction process to obtain maximum grain yield include eliminating compaction, draining wet soils, monitoring for nutrient deficiency, and maintaining adequate water supply to the growing crop.
Sixteen nutrients are essential for corn growth. Carbon and oxygen, the most abundant nutrients, are extracted from carbon dioxide and molecular oxygen, respectively, in the atmosphere. Hydrogen is extracted from degradation of water molecules during photosynthesis. As water molecules break down into hydrogen and oxygen, hydrogen is initially incorporated to make sugar. Oxygen is either incorporated for corn growth or released into the atmosphere as a by-product. Five of the six macronutrients, calcium, magnesium, nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium, and the seven micronutrients, boron, chlorine, copper, iron, manganese, molybdenum, and zinc, are extracted from soil. The secondary macronutrient sulfur is extracted mostly from soil but may also be extracted from the atmosphere depending on the concentration of sulfur-containing compounds. Mature corn, no matter which hybrid is produced or in what soil type the hybrid is grown, contains a relatively

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.661926
Retrieved Text: "The reason I'm surfing is to find what nutrients are referred to in fertilizers, i.e. 10-20-10, and which nutrient aids growth of roots, stem and leaves in plants."
Chemical fertilizers for the home garden are available in two forms.
The granular form is sprinkled on the soil and worked in with a tiller or hand tool.
Water soluble types are mixed with water and the feeding is accomplished by sprinkling onto the leaves of the plant (foliar feeding) or used as part of the watering process, in which the plant takes in the nutrients systemically (through the roots).
Nitrogen is used by plants for producing leaf growth and greener, lusher leaves.
Phosphorus is used by plant to increase fruit development and to produce a strong root system.
Potassium is used by plants for flower color and size. It is also important to the strength of the plant.
25# of nitrogen, 50# of phosphate, and 25# of potash.
as well as the acidity (pH) of the soil.
Adjusting the pH of your soil is essential, because some nutrients may become unavailable to your plants if the soil pH is above or below a certain range.
If your test is done by your county extension service, the test results will be much more detailed, and will also provide their recommendations for any needed additions of lime and fertilizer to your soil.
The timing of the application of fertilizers is very important. Too much fertilizer, or applying it at the wrong time can lead to an over abundance of foliage, delayed flowering, leaf and root burn, or even plant death

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.459848
Retrieved Text: Nutritower indoor 32 plant vertical gardening system.
Nutritower Vertical Hydroponic & Indoor Gardening System, 4 x 48" T5 Fluorescent lights, 32 growing plants, 32 filters, 32 grow baskets, 32 basket clips, watering tubes, water cycle timer, growing medium, nutrients, seedling starter kit, and assembly tools .
The nutritower was designed with your monthly utility bill in mind. Clocking in at just 300w, its ultra efficients ligths and pump will lead to plentiful produce for roughly 10$ of electricity a month.
Not home? No sweat. Your tower’s built in timer is designed to auto-manage the lights and water. Just set it to your schedule and forget it — it’ll make sure your veggies get their 12 hours of light a day.
Built upon proven hydroponic technology, the nutritower is entirely soil free. Your seedlings take root in our custom designed pots that are filled with clay pellets. They’re then automatically watered by our hydration system that ensures a continuous flow of moisture and nutrients to your plants. This helps them grow up to 25% faster, all while keeping your kitchen completely mess free.
Proven to boost mood, our tower’s full specrum white lights have all the uplifting effects of the sun without the uv. 12h a day is all your plants need, but you may find yourself craving more.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.441265
Retrieved Text: Veins in this Horse Chestnut leaf provide structure as well as circulation. Each vein contains tubes of both xylem - bringing water and minerals up from the roots and phloem - transporting back down the products of photosynthesis. The palm branch below makes use of a composite structure with stiff material surrounding a lightwigth spongy core. The cross section of the branch curls around forming a tube to take water from the leaf down to the ground.

================



======= Instance Index 389 =========
Input Text: Keeping your fast food bags in the car until you get home instead of throwing them out the window is an example of protecting the

Which is the correct answer?
- Car
- environment
- Restaurant
- people

Target Text: environment

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.902416
Retrieved Text: It's no secret that our planet is experiencing severe global warming and climate change issues that have already begun seriously affecting all of us here on Earth. While it may feel like you, as an individual, can't make a big change, that's not true: there has never been a better time to focus on reducing your carbon footprint. Every small change, when added up, has the potential to make a huge difference.
Keep track of what you’re eating and what you’re throwing out.
Waste-free grocery shopping begins with your habits at home. The first thing you need to do is figure out where your food waste is coming from. Are you buying too many duplicate items because you aren't sure what's in your pantry? Are you purchasing too much produce at once, so that it goes bad quickly? Start keeping track of what you're throwing out so that you can keep that in mind the next time you're at the grocery store. It may sound small, but it pays to be aware of what you can skip.
Shop smart by only buying what you need.
Shopping smart is a huge part of avoiding excess waste. Don't go grocery shopping with only a vague idea of what you need — write out a list, make sure you don't already have the items at home, and don't over-buy. Fruit might be on sale, but are you really going to eat apples, oranges, blueberries, and kiwis all in one week? It's better to buy just what you need than to impulse buy something

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.824165
Retrieved Text: Immersed in the food and nutrition profession, I’m always surveying the landscape and trying to come up with simple yet impactful messaging to encourage eating well and feeling great about it.
I continue to promote taking an 80-20 approach to healthy eating. Perfection is never the goal or the requirement in achieving optimal health. Where being mindful of the source and quality of what we eat is important, being meticulously “clean” about eating in every choice is also not necessary. Washing our hands before we eat is actually the most important and proven effective “clean eating” measure we can take in preventing illness. Cook at home and you’ll also be well on your way to mastering clean eating!
You’ve heard me speak about how doing diet math and precisely tracking each morsel you eat by using the numbers on the Nutrition Facts section of food labels isn’t the answer either. Instead, reading the Ingredients List and noting what the food is actually made of is useful. Many of the very best foods out there, think fruits and vegetables, have no labels at all and minimal packaging. They don’t have to try to convince us they’re good for us with bold misleading claims about what they don’t contain. I’ve also encouraged choosing mostly food that rots if left on the counter for too long since foods with an eternal shelf life don’t typically provide the natural nourishment we require.
Decent food doesn’t generate excess garbage.
Garbage food promotes both garbage as waste/litter and garbage behaviour.
Sadly, I’m reminded of this every time

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.332436
Retrieved Text: How can you DO MORE than just being a recycling champion? Composting your food scraps already? There’s so much more that you can do to reduce the waste you produce - not only when making buying choices, but also in how you plan ahead and set up reusable systems in your home.
Follow this room-by-room guide to learn how you can aim towards zero waste!
Check out Bea Johnson's video at left! (author of Zero Waste Home).
Buy soap in bulk and decant it into reusable containers.
Keep lots of cloth towels on hand instead of paper.
Give old clothes and linens a second life — cut them up and reuse them as cleaning rags.
Home-made cleaning products are less wasteful and non-toxic. A little baking soda and vinegar, lemon juice, and essential oils can cover all your cleaning needs! Find home-made recipes here.
Plan ahead. Meal-planning enables you to use unpackaged/minimally-processed foods; consider “planned overs” rather than “leftovers” and plan out meals to follow up on a roast or large dish at the start of the week.
Shop farmer's markets, produce stands and natural food markets — you will find fresh, local food, minimally packaged.
Buy in bulk. It saves money, and eliminates packaging. Bring bags or containers for measuring out what you need. Most markets have a bulk section where you can get everything from spices, dried nuts and fruit, to pasta, flours, sugars, grains & beans.
Avoid buying single-serving packages. Pick the larger containers instead.
Keep plenty of reusable bags around. If you have trouble remembering to bring bags, try keeping stashes of them

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.015396
Retrieved Text: Did you know you can freeze onions? Neither did I until recently! I usually buy my onions from Aldi where I can get three pound bags for $.99. A great buy! The only problem is that I usually don't use them up fast enough before they start to get soggy and soft.
I found my solution! Just chop the onions into small chunks (any size is fine), place in plastic freezer bags and stash in the freezer. My amount of grocery waste just decreased because of this simple kitchen tip!
Good to know! I buy them from Aldi too and hate throwing them away. We've been eating a LOT of grilled veggies this year; so much that I'm sick of them :( Great way to save them for later instead of cooking them and throwing them away because I.can't.eat.another.grilled.vegetable.for.months.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.479145
Retrieved Text: The phrase "going green" has become more and more common the last few years as Americans increase their knowledge of and efforts toward helping our environment. The most familiar methods of going green include things such as recycling, walking or biking instead of driving a car, etc. One of the current goals of the City of Toccoa is to help educate citizens on easy ways to "go green" and help both our local and global environment.
Each of us can take simple steps to improve our environment, and the City of Toccoa hopes residents will be mindful of how each of our actions affect our surroundings.
This section of our website lists some of the easy ways to "go green" and provides links to in-depth information.
Friendly Neighbors: Carpooling and using public transportation reduces emissions, saves gas (and money), not to mention you can get to know the locals! Find a carpool near you.
Free Stuff: FreeCycle is not a charity or a business. It's a way for perfectly good used items to find a new home (other than the landfill). Instead of throwing out things like furniture, dishes, bikes, and electronics, people in a reuse group give these items away for free to other people in their community who can use them. Find a local reuse group.
Cut Your Fridge Waste: Probably the most effective way to keep your food costs down is to simply eat what you bought. make your dinner tonight out of whatever you already have on hand. You may be surprised with the unexpected meal you

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.05061
Retrieved Text: Being frugal isn’t always about saving money at the shops, it’s about making the most out of the items you have at home. This can be done in a variety of ways, from saving on your utilities to repurposing clothes. But one of the biggest ways you can save money is by making your groceries last longer. After all, groceries are a huge part of your monthly costs and keeping them around longer will save you in the long run. Plus, it will save you time and money from all the runs to the store.
We’ve already created a post on 14 Foods That Last Longer Than You Think, but this is our list on ways to make your groceries last longer. Between the two articles, we’re sure you’ll find plenty of ideas that will save you on your grocery bills.
When you buy a bag of lettuce or spinach or a carton of berries, the first thing you should do when you get home is clean out the packages. This means going through each bag or carton and picking out the produce that’s gone bad. This bad produce tends to cause the good produce to go bad faster. Drying your produce off and placing it in a paper towel lined container will also help prevent it from going bad too fast.
Speaking of lettuce and spinach, if you want to keep the moisture out of your produce, but you don’t have the extra containers to store them, there’s another option. Just poke some holes in your food bags,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.787113
Retrieved Text: Enough Already with the reusable bags?
Yes, they are becoming a blight of their own.
No, you cannot have too many, and can give them away to the uncommitted.
Maybe, but one can always say no.
Reusable bags are great but let's stop manufacturing them. It's defeating the purpose!
Um...*all* my re-usable bags are made of sturdy, washable canvas or cotton. What plastic reusable bags are being spoken of here? Am I missing something?
I for one love reusable bags. I keep them in my car and take one into every store I shop in, instead of getting plastic. I use them around the house for different things. I put the paper I recycle into the bags. Use them as a tote bag instead of buying a new tote bag. I look forward to getting reusable bags when I visit different places. It makes a great luggage carrier in a pinch. 'Ask my brother.' By the way you can wash the bags put don't put them in the dryer.
It's not just plastic bags that are the supposed environmental culprit, it's ALL plastics. It's just that you politically correct Greenies only went after plastic bags because it was sexier and more convenient for you than than going after all plastics.
I say put your money where your mouth is and put ALL plastics on your hit list.
I'm confident that somehow, some way, you'll find a way to live without your shampoo bottles, toothbrushes, pens, DVDs, prescription bottles, milk jugs, telephones, Tupperware, water pipes, electric cables, refrigerator liners, computer monitors, keyboards, and on and on.
Their

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.777733
Retrieved Text: Do you feel strongly about zero waste living? Do you find it hard to live a zero waste life and want some tips on reducing the amount of rubbish you produce?
Well, I don’t pretend to know it all but I’ve been passionate about reducing waste for years. My ethos is – everything I buy has to work hard for my money. I live on a very tight budget and have to account for every penny. The stuff I buy has to work hard for me and earn its place in my home. This means using things over and over again.
Whether it’s saving that thin plastic bag the potatoes were wrapped in to use to pick up dog poop in the garden. Equally, that food packaging can be repurposed for bin liners. Re-wash dishcloths for the washing up, then, when they’re threadbare, use them to clean the bathroom and toilet.
Anything I buy I want to get the maximum use out of it.
This is the trick to zero waste living. Change your mindset to recognise that everything you buy you’ve paid good money for. Stop looking at it as waste and visualise it as your hard-earned cash. That rotten veg you never used and are about to throw away, it’s money.
Because actually, that’s exactly what it is. Instead of throwing old veg away, visualise yourself throwing your wage packet into the bin. And if you’re thinking I’m not going to bother about some rotten veg, the average UK household throws away £470 worth of edible food each year.
To

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.632763
Retrieved Text: Zero waste or not, we are still going to produce trash. That is just the reality of our current throw away society. Products are designed to end up in the landfill (cradle-to-grave). That being said, most of us still have garbage cans. They’re likely unavoidable. So then if it’s important to reduce our plastic bag usage, what do we do about trash bags? Is there a zero waste alternative to trash bags?
Trash bags are something we don’t typically think about when it comes to waste reduction. We kind of just ignore it because we all make trash and that trash needs to be contained somehow – that’s inevitable. Thankfully though, there are still ways to kick this disposable and recoup some costs associated with your monthly supplies bill.
The simplest and most cost-effective choice would be to just go without a trash bag altogether. If you compost already then the garbage you do have should, for the most part, be dry. Once your bin is full, dump into your curbside bin. Periodically, use some natural cleaning spray to wipe out the bin to keep it nice and clean.
If you have pets, then you probably buy bags of pet food. Use those empty bags as bin liners. Most of us don’t have the luxury of buying pet food package free so buying the largest bag we can is the next best option. Those bags will be discarded anyway so ensure they get used to the max by filling them up with the rest of your waste. Also, look

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.56794
Retrieved Text: In the car, at practice or in the short stretches at home, use these helpful and simple healthy eating tips to keep your kids happy and healthy.
One of the best ways to stay healthy throughout the busy week is to prepare snacks, lunches and dinners ahead of time. Go ahead and bag healthy snacks like fruit and veggies into individual bags. You and your kids will be able to grab these pre-made bags for easy snacking.
For lunches, make your kids’ lunches the night before to avoid the hectic morning scramble. You can even make it a family activity by enlisting the kids in a lunch-building assembly line.
For dinners, prepare as much as you can the night before to make for the next night’s dinner. Meal planning each night’s dinner is a great way to take the guesswork out and shop for the right ingredients.
Typically, eating fresh food is an easy way to stay healthy. Non-processed, ready-to-eat fresh foods are great for mid-meal cravings. Fruits like apples and bananas or vegetables like carrots and celery are easy and fresh alternatives to many of the processed, sugary snack foods in the store. Plus, these foods can easily be tossed into a book bag, purse or sports bag for a saved-for-later treat.
The majority of kids and adults don’t drink the recommended amount of water daily. Replace sodas and sugary fruit juices with refreshing water. To help get the kids on board with these healthy changes, shop for water bottles together and let them pick out their own bottle. You

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.389477
Retrieved Text: I’ve mentioned before a growing push to reduce my waste, and I’ve been finding ways to make great strides in cutting back with minimal effort. That’s inspired what will be a short series on sustainable practices and tools that make life just a bit greener day by day.
It’s worth noting that if you’re looking to be sustainable, you don’t have to go out and buy something eco-friendly or reusable to replace what you already have. At the end of the day, if you already have something that does the job, keep using that thing to the ground. Or, if you really want to jump on board the green train (woo woo!), consider donating or gifting the items that you would be replacing with eco-friendly counterparts.
1. Unless you live somewhere without potable water, avoid prepackaged water bottles like the plague. If you don’t love the taste of tap water, invest in a Brita filter and use that bad boy to the ground. If you have a refrigerator that dispenses water, just make sure your filter is replaced frequently – every three months or so is fine.
3. Shop for package-free foods! This is a huge opportunity to cut out most of the garbage your kitchen will produce. Instead of picking up a bag of cashews or a jar of spices, go to your local bulk foods store, Sprouts, or Whole Foods and bring your (recycled) containers with you.
Pro-tip: if you have duplicate containers, bring both so your cashier can weigh the empty on at checkout, instead of having

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.154804
Retrieved Text: FAIRFAX, Va. — From worn-out brake pads to transmission issues, there are countless causes for car troubles. Would it surprise you to know that mice could be one of them? In the midst of winter, the National Pest Management Association (NPMA) is warning motorists that rodents are also a source of strife under the hood, especially in colder weather, posing a threat to both drivers and their vehicles.
Keep the Vehicle Clean: Paper, tissues and fast food bags can quickly pile up and serve as nesting material for mice.
Promptly Address Moisture Build Up: Water is a necessity for rodents to survive, so a leak in the heater or wet materials left in the vehicle will draw them in.
Eliminate Entry Points: An open sunroof or cracked window is all a mouse needs to easily gain entry to a car. Make sure they remain closed when the car is unattended.
Pay Attention to the Garage: Despite parking in a garage, vehicles can still be at risk for rodents. Take extra measures to ensure the garage is rodent-free by keeping trash cans covered, eliminating excess debris, clearing clutter and caulking/sealing any gaps or openings where rodents can squeeze through.
Check Under the Hood: Rodents tend to build their nests near the engine due to the warmth it generates. Routinely take a look under the hood to ensure invaders haven’t made their way in, as rodents situated here have easy access to crucial circuitry.
Contact a Pro: Take the car to a professional automobile mechanic if a rodent infestation is suspected or found. A

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.108658
Retrieved Text: When you’re running around all day, it’s easy to get stuck away from home without access to healthy snacks when the hunger hits. To avoid having to resort to processed vending machine or convenience store food, try keeping a couple healthier options on hand– in your car, purse or backpack, desk, or wherever else you have access to! A couple minutes to grab food before leaving the house makes you much less susceptible to impulse-buying junk food later in the day when you’re out. Fruits and veggies tend to be the “go-to” healthy snacks, but there is plenty of variety in what can be made convenient and portable!
Fruits: Apples, oranges, and bananas are nature’s most convenient foods, as they don’t need packaging or preparation. You can also keep a small tupperware with more fragile fruits, such as grapes, strawberries, or cut up mixtures of fruit chunks. Also try throwing in some less traditional “fruit salad” fruits, such as papaya, guava, plums, peaches, or pineapples.
Veggies: If you have that same go-to tupperware container, you can store endless varieties of veggie sticks, such as carrots, celery, broccoli, or cauliflower. Try to mix it up a bit and add some less common vegetables to the mix– bell peppers, cucumber, radishes, baby pickles, cherry tomatoes, zucchini, and green beans all make great veggie snacks! You can even chop up a big, colorful batch of veggies and have them ready to grab-and-go throughout the week to make having a delicious variety more convenient.
Nuts: They aren’t the lowest-calorie food, but are very

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.976818
Retrieved Text: We’ve all been there – it’s a rainy game day and even with the best of rain suits, you are soaked to the bone. Of course, the sun comes out in time for the whistle at the end of the 4th quarter. You head back to the tailgate, ready to head home because ew! who wants to be stuck tailgating in wet clothes? The RV to the rescue! You’ve been smart and planned on the rain with several changes of clothes. But what do you do with the wet ones? Outdoor, waterproof dry bags! These are not to be confused with laundry bags; instead, these dry bags are waterproof bags designed to keep water out. Or in our case, water in.
As a weekend RV tailgater, you know you’ll be back to your bricks and stones house in a day or so. No need to worry about laundry at the tailgate! Instead of trying to dry things out, throw the wet clothes in a dry bag! It’ll keep the water and mess from spreading to everything else in the RV (where water/moisture is already an issue). The dry bags are easy to seal up, with a roll top closure. These bags also take up almost no space and weigh very little, both great attributes for the RV lifestyle.
The dry bags are also great for summer camping trips and travel. The dry bags are generally not intended for full immersion, but they do a great job of keeping things inside them dry when confronted with rain or accidental,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.87255
Retrieved Text: Exercising a pet dog or fast dog is a fun activity that can be done by anybody in the family. People can make walking the dog, a habit so that anybody in their family can get involved, and take turns on holding the leash while strolling through the park. People can also choose to play fetch with their dogs as a form of exercise. Your child will be able to understand the essence of physical exercise in maintaining the physical well-being of their dog.
Young kids can be taught on how to feed their fast dog a nutritious diet. Parents are advised to teach their young ones to feed their dogs by pouring food like dog biscuits in a bowl until they learn how to do it themselves. Make certain that you explain to them how important it’s to make certain that their fast dog eats food that is healthy but to be careful not to overfeed them. It is also very important to remind your kids always to give the dog water.
Training fast dogs or pet dogs is a fun activity to do, and can be done together with your kids. Plenty of enjoyable tricks can be taught to puppies by your young ones. Parents should allow their kids to take part in this training since it will make the dog learn to respect them even with their young age. Thus, your dog will learn to respect your kid in future if given a command to do.
This is an integral part of owning a dog regardless

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.56941
Retrieved Text: Windscreen Replacement, Chip Repair, and Split Repair Who Can I Depend on?
Car glass chip repair services, window crack fixings, and also windshield replacements are always a hot topic in the media whenever a car glass scams or vehicle glass scam is exposed, and also it however shows badly on all automobile glass shops. We did the research for you and below are solutions to all the questions you, as a consumer should know to enlighten and safeguard yourself from dishonest automobile glass shops entailed in automobile glass chip repair, window fracture repair service, and windshield replacement rip-offs.
Front Windshield (Laminated). 2 pieces of glass integrated along with a vinyl liner in between them which maintains the windscreen unharmed in the event of a damage. Besides keeping the bugs out of your teeth, the front windscreen gives structural support to the roof covering in the event of a rollover and also it additionally functions as a framework to bounce off in the event the front or traveler side air bags blow up during a crash.
Solidified Glass. Automobile home window glass that smash into really small items in the event of damage. Safety glass is used on side windows to make sure that in case a car is submerged, the window could be broken as well as the traveler could escape with the opening.
CARE: Several automobile producers are beginning to make use of laminated window glass for the side home windows to keep travelers from being ejected from the vehicle in the occasion of a crash. In addition, it

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.288536
Retrieved Text: 14 Ways to Reduce Waste in Your Home | Maid 4 Cleaning Inc.
Keeping unnecessary junk out of your home is an essential part of keeping your space clean and free of clutter. With less waste in the home, it’s much easier to get to those deep-cleaning tasks.
And a clean and tidy home allows you to enjoy your space with peace of mind. Essentially, a waste-free home is part of a healthy environment-inside and out. On top of that, cutting down on wasteful habits will save you money.
14 Ways to Reduce Waste in Your Space.
It’s impressive how easily plastic bags can accumulate in the home, tucked away into cupboards and closets. While some municipalities offer plastic bag recycling, why not avoid the clutter all together and bring your own reusable cloth bags!
Keep a spare supply in your vehicle and close to the door of your home for easy access. Better yet, some brands of reusable bags can fit compactly into your purse or gym bag and are very durable.
Junk mail doesn’t only mean unwanted flyers and pamphlets crammed into your mailbox. Nowadays, you can also get all of your utility bills, bank statements, credit card statements, and more, electronically.
This is a great way to get rid of those piles of mail and to streamline your billings from your electronic device.
Bottled water is expensive and highly wasteful. Tap water is strictly regulated and perfectly safe by Canadian standards. If you prefer, invest in a home water filtration system, but always remember to carry your water bottle with you.
Portable,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.082394
Retrieved Text: Whether we like it or not, there is always a time in our lives when we have to cook to eat. It is during this time that we should know how to cook healthily in order to eat healthy. While most kitchen enthusiasts already know some of these basic green kitchen tips, knowing these tips still pays off a lot.
Firstly, let’s start with your food because this is the most important aspect to consider when you want a green kitchen at home. Always include fresh foods in your meals. Go for organic products by buying local produce and by choosing fresh fruits and vegetables instead of preserved and canned goods. You can also make a vegetable and fruit garden where you can harvest organic foods right in the comfort of your lawn. This way, you can be guaranteed of fresh produce sans harmful chemicals. On the one hand, your kitchen is practically designed, created, and furnished to cook food, so use it to cook food. Never eat in fast foods all the time as they mostly offer unhealthy and junk food choices. Take a cue from Tyra Banks, one of the most popular VS models, who received numerous critics for her disfigured and fat body. She blamed it for her love for fast foods.
Secondly, let’s take a look at your kitchen products. Never create a surrounding that’s filled with plastics. Plastics are a big no-no to the environment and it can drastically harm water, land, and air by burning, burying, and throwing them to bodies of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.02796
Retrieved Text: April 22nd is Earth Day. Now a global event, more than a billion people in 192 countries around the world are expected to take part. While each year’s focus may be a little different, the overall objective remains the same: to forward the environmental movement and get the people of Earth (as individuals, groups, cities, businesses, states, governments and countries) rallied around protecting the environment and focusing their actions on sustainability. This year the focus is on mobilizing the world to end plastic pollution.
Start with one of the most obvious ways to put an end to plastic pollution…stop buying bottled water. Switch to reusable water bottles instead. Many places have drinking fountains or water refiling stations where you can refill your bottle as many time as you wish, so it should be easy to do.
Pass on the fast food drive thru. Cook at home instead. Not only is doing so better for your health, you’ll avoid the plastic or Styrofoam take-out containers as well as the single plastic utensils.
If you don’t already have some, buy a few reusable and mesh bags you can take to the store when grocery shopping or doing any kind of shopping. Reusable bags are ideal for carrying groceries from store to car and car to home. Mesh bags are an easy and more eco-friendly alternative to plastic bags traditional used for fruits and vegetables.
Start shopping at consignment or second-hand shops for items like toys, clothes and more. Swap meets and farmers’ markets are another great option. These types of places will

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.026474
Retrieved Text: Don’t take plastic bags from the store. Bring your own bags instead.
Opt for food products that are sold in recyclable containers: the glass jar of peanut butter, the paper milk carton, or the aluminum can of soda.
Use biodegradable trash and pet waste bags instead of plastic. Companies like Bio Bags sell waste bags manufactured from a corn-based material that is biodegradable.
When buying chips or other snack foods, consider Sun Chips, which are packaged in plant-based compostable bags that biodegrade in 14 weeks.
Use cloth diapers or biodegradable plastic diapers instead of plastic.
Bring a stainless steel drink holder with you next time you go to Starbucks or other coffee shops.
Pack your lunch in Tupperware containers or other reusable containers instead of wrapping your food in plastic.
Opt for cloth napkins and kitchen towels instead of plastic-wrapped paper towels.
Recycle! Rinse out recyclable glass, plastic, aluminum, and paper products and recycle them instead of throwing them out with your trash.  Visit Recycle City [https://www.epa.gov/recyclecity/] to learn more about how recycling works.
In the fall of 2010 the National Park Service, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Keep Yankton Beautiful collaborated on a local clean-up project in Yankton, South Dakota. The community implemented a river clean up event as part of a larger initiative to help kids increase the amount of physical activity they get outside.  This is a great example of how communities can come together to clean up its rivers.
On a larger scale, the Ocean Conservancy has been organizing international coastal ocean clean-up effort since 1965. Once a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.948765
Retrieved Text: Endunamoo Strength & Conditioning: WWW: Food Prep - YEP!
WWW: Food Prep - YEP!
The idea is just so much work and I always thought it was overrated…. That is, until I came home for my hour lunch and it took me 45 minutes to measure, cut, figure out macros, etc. Then, I had to scarf it down in the car on the way to work and barely got to enjoy my lunch.
Food prepping the day before or week before plays a HUGE part on sticking to a diet. If you have a quick lunch, it’s easy to go fast food instead of going home and trying to throw something together. But what if you have something already made? Ta-da!!! Best thing ever! It’s like coming home after a long day and realizing that you have to make dinner, walk in and remember that you did crock-pot for tonight and you have no work. You want to just drop to your hands and knees thanking God for such a wonderful creation.
· Make sure you have lots and lots of Tupperware and Ziploc bags!!!!!
· Have raw veggies in bags or containers already cut, skinned, etc. Weighed and ready to go. They make a great side or snack.
· Always have meat cooked. Don’t worry about trying to make meals. You can do that throughout the week as you throw things together. Make an assortment, package it, and then you can mix it up throughout the week. For example, 4 oz. of chicken has been used as a snack, on Ezekiel

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.92161
Retrieved Text: There are easy changes to make to help the planet a little bit extra.
VOTE. If you are eligible to vote, take part in every election. Support candidates who “believe” in science, equality, environmentalism and honesty.
Change your electricity provider to one that only invests in and sells 100% green energy, like wind power and/or solar. Or install solar panels on your roof.
Be mindful about your electricity use. Hanging clothes to dry instead of throwing them in the dryer is a great and easy savings tip. When you are away from home, don’t blast the A/C or heater.
Avoid plastic. Plastic is made from fossil fuels. Opt for paper, carton or metal, whenever possible. These materials are easier to recycle. Always recycle them!
Take your own to-go cup and shopping bags with you every day. If you are in your car anyway, what’s the problem bringing them? There’s no need for fancy stuff, as long they’re reusable.
At home, use reusable containers for leftovers, lunches, veggies and meals, instead of using a one-time Ziploc or other bag. (Recycling a Ziploc takes effort, people and trucking = energy). Use fabric cloths instead of paper towels.
Be mindful about your waste. For example, plastic produce bags: are you going to eat the peel of your melon, kiwi, banana or onions? No? Then why do you need to protect them with a bag? Do you need a straw to drink that water? No? Then why did you ask for one?
Don’t leave water running for no reason. While you’re brushing your teeth or washing dishes, turn

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.8724
Retrieved Text: Think back to the end of your last road trip. If you arrived at your destination with tight pants, an empty wallet and a backseat full of crumpled fast-food wrappers, you know that stopping for food along the way isn't always a pleasant experience. Stocking your car with food that travels well lets you make better time, eat more healthfully and save a ton of cash. Not all travel foods are created equal, though; packing a cooler full of tuna fish sandwiches will make every mile feel -- and smell -- miserable.
Line the bottom and sides of a cooler with refreezable gel ice packs; unlike real ice cubes, they won't melt all over your food and you can use them again on your trip home. Find a hard-sided bag to carry room temperature foods in without them getting crushed. Use a small cardboard box if don't have any other suitable bags.
Fill one side of the cooler with bottles of water, juice boxes and iced tea. Buy energy or coffee drinks if you need caffeine to stay awake for driving. Tuck ice packs in between layers of drinks so everything gets cold.
Fill the other side of the cooler with foods that should be kept cold. Avoid bringing anything that will go bad or melt if it's not kept at the right temperature. Place individually wrapped cheese sticks, bags of sliced peppers and carrot sticks and pudding cups in this half. Store pasta salad, made with fresh vegetables and Italian dressing instead of mayonnaise, in plastic containers in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.843945
Retrieved Text: Creatively reusing regular household items is limited only to your imagination. You can take anything out of your home and reuse it for something else instead of throwing them into the landfill. There are plenty of applications where you can use those old items to create a piece of art or useful tool. Here are a few ideas to get your creative juices flowing.
You might not think that those old CD cases are going to be useful anymore. However, you can protect young seedlings and provide a growing environment by making a small greenhouse. Simply attach the CD cases together to form a cube with a small bead of glue. Leave one so that you can form the top edge of the greenhouse and be able to open it.
Add a festive environment to your patio, room, or landscaping by using small inflatables into brightly colored lights. Insert a lamp kit into the air release nozzle of the inflatable and rest the light bulb on the inside.
There are several uses for old funnels from cooking to using as a vase. However, one great application for an old funnel is a coat rack. Simply hang on a wall and bend up the funnel area to create a gentle slope.
If you look around your home you are bound to find a stack of books that you want to get rid of. Turn these old books into a cool magazine reader. Remove the pages inside and place in the recycle bin. Then simply place the magazine inside to give it

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.812683
Retrieved Text: Food scraps, dirty wrappers and napkins, paper and plastic dinnerware, and not-cleaned-out containers are NOT recyclables. While food scraps and dirty food paper products make excellent compost (along with yard waste such as clippings, raked leaves, and dead plants), the rest is trash and should be properly disposed of. If you’re throwing out dirty soup cans, peanut butter and mayonnaise jars, and other food and beverage containers, consider cleaning them out – even running them through your dishwasher when you’re doing a load – so they’re properly prepared for recycling (tip: rip off clean pizza box tops and recycle them – throw out the dirty bottoms). You’ll be surprised at how much more you’re recycling and how much less trash your household generates.
Yes, those ubiquitous plastic shopping bags are, in fact, recyclable, but it’s HOW you recycle them that’s key. Many people mistakenly throw them in with the rest of their curbside recycling pickup, but that’s wrong. What happens is they tend to float around on the sorting conveyor belts and get stuck in the recycling machinery, jamming things up. Instead, consumers should take them back to the store which can recycle them properly. Or those plastic bags can be reused as shopping bags and for a myriad of other, creative purposes.
That’s right. Even though it’s paper, much of what people shred contains coatings, fasteners, and other things that don’t recycle. Clean, uncoated papers such as most documents, office and school papers, and other standard letter-size papers that have been shredded can be packed into paper

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.800316
Retrieved Text: I am constantly trying to organize my car. Well, my husband is constantly trying to organize my car and THAT doesn’t work because what he does is take everything out of my car. While I appreciate his help, that means I am constantly without what I need. So in an effort to stop my husband from cleaning out my car I am working on organizing it.
Here are five things I keep in my car to function and how I keep it organized!
The number of times I use plastic bags is staggering! Just the other day Noah started throwing up and I was able to quickly pull over and grab my container of plastic baggies and shove one in his hands. I followed this tutorial and covered a wet ones wipes container with scrapbook paper and followed their awesome tip for rolling up the bags so they continuously dispense. If the thought of plastic baggies makes your environmental soul shiver then you can just have reusable wet bags instead.
Here are more “fun” reasons you should always have plastic bags or reusable wet bags in your car.
These are kind of self explanatory for all the reasons listed above for plastic bags. Basically for all the spills and nastiness that follow children around!
Not only are kids messy but they hurt themselves, and you, and other people. For bumps, bruises and scrapes it is great to have something you can easily grab to clean them up and get them going again. I also suggest stocking Advil or Tylenol because not

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.70021
Retrieved Text: “Use it up, wear it out, make it do or do without.”?
I grew up with this, in theory and in practice. We were poor, Mom and Dad lived every day showing us what it meant to ‘make it do’ and we often ‘did without’.
Here are my thoughts on frugal ways to make things do.
Take care of your wardrobe to keep it looking work and wear worthy.
Get some shoe polish and shine up those old shoes, take them to a shoe repair shop to have the re-heeled or soled if they are worn down. This used to be a common occurrence with a shoe repair shop on every main street.
Learn to hem and patch and sew on buttons to repair minor issues with clothing.
Learn how to remove spots and do it as soon as the clothing gets dirty.
Buy good clothing, used. Avoid buying cheap clothing new.
Darn the holes in your socks instead of throwing them out.
Pass down serviceable clothing from child to child.
Make old t-shirts and dish cloths into rags to use when dusting or washing the car and etc.
Donate good clothing you really can’t use to a non-profit and bank the tax deduction.
Plan uses for your leftovers. No one likes second hand food, but if you fix it differently the second time around it can still be appetizing.
With fresh food – buy only what you can eat before it goes bad. A good deal on a big bag of fresh lettuce isn’t thrifty if you can’t use it up before it rots.
Buy dried milk to use

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.644367
Retrieved Text: Cars are money-sucking monsters. There’s no rocket-science here. Australian registration now averages above $700.
Whatever your scenario there are plenty of common and little know ways to save on your car.
The first stumbling block of car ownership is what you paid for it. Whether you leased your car or syphoned your savings to make this big ticket item buy, you would have felt it. A car is one of the biggest purchases you’ll make aside from a home mortgage.
Avoid buying new. The minute you drive your car out of the yard, you’ll burn up cash the moment you hit the road. New cars depreciate super fast. Instead, consider buying something like a good quality secondhand car. For example, Japanese cars have a reputation of lasting the distance even if when older.
Tip: When buying a secondhand car do your homework. Don’t risk buying a lemon.
Some families skip buying a car altogether. This can work well for city-dwellers who have excellent access to public transport. These families might find a way to rent a car for holidays or long trips. With the advent of sites like Airtasker, there’s even less need for cars now. These services are not only cheap but time saving.
Tip: For other families this option is not practical or doable. In this case, look at losing the family’s second car. Many families work their schedules to reduce the cost of owning two cars. The cost of owning two cars adds up tenfold over the course of one year.
The running costs of owning a care are also

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.54974
Retrieved Text: How to declutter your home. Clutter is part of the daily life for many people. Clutter is easily seen even in our houses. Most of the people remain silent about clutter until the minute they will start disturbing and interfering our lives. It is important that you start decluttering your home once in a while so that you won’t get annoyed with the clutter you will see around. With the right motivation decluttering will be an easy task for you. It is also very important that you have the right equipment for they will help you declutter quickly. It is important that you take a pen and a paper and write down all the accomplishments you want to achieve at the end of the day when you start the decluttering process. You should have other important things accompany you if you want to have an easy time doing the decluttering. It is obvious that when you are decluttering your closets and rooms you will some items worth keeping and others worth throwing away. When decluttering you should have trash bags around because they will motivate you in throwing away all the broken and dirty things. The trash bags can also be used to store other items that you would want to give for charity. You should also have some boxes where you can store some items that have no use at the moment but will be used later on. You should declutter all the rooms in your house that you know have items that will be

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.50244
Retrieved Text: My boyfriend took me to the dump once (no, it wasn’t a date – he’s in construction) and it was staggering to see all of the plastic bags blowing around and covering the fence. Ever since then, I always keep my Envirosax reusable bag handy in my purse. It’s great because it folds up really small, holds a lot of stuff and is always with me. I never realized how many plastic and paper bags I was consuming myself until I decided to try to never use one again.
I also keep all of the free reusable bags that I’ve collected (from trade shows, gift bags, retail store giveaways) grouped together in my kitchen so they’re easy to grab when I go to the store. You can also keep a few in your car so they’re easy to grab when you’re at the market or out shopping. I’ve also recently purchased reusable produce bags from The Container Store to save even more plastic bags. So instead of wrapping your vegetables in plastic, wrap them in sleek white washable bags.
Try swapping out a paper or plastic bag for a reusable one next time you’re going grocery shopping, grabbing take out, or purchasing items like clothing or housewares.
According to the Department of Energy, if you’re walking away from your computer for more than two hours, you should turn it off. Over the course of a year, you can save nearly $100 by some estimates. Whenever I go out of town, I also unplug electrical appliances I obviously won’t be

================



