======= Instance Index 31846 =========
Input Text: Context: Skylar never used slang. Skylar grew up where slang was uncommon. Skylar never picked it up. Now Skylar is trying to learn.

Question: Why did Skylar do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: understand what the phrases mean

B: meet people who are younger

C: talk to teens about it

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 92.80439
Retrieved Text: A force of evil surrounds him.
"NO!" Skylar yelled sitting up in his bed. "Another bloody dream" He thought to himself. Well these had actually been nightmares, but not those fictional nightmares normal people had, no, these were events that actually happened. Skylar's mother dying at childbirth. Then every once in awhile Skylar would have a dream about what seemed to be the future a guy in a cloak, this guy seemed like he was evil like looking at death itself, this guy, looked like Skylar. Skylar wasn't certain though he never thought of himsell killing people like the guy in the dream did.
Skylar got out of bed threw on a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt and headed out of the dorms. Right as he reached the door Sky stopped, turned around, and went to grab his cloak then headed back outside to the Slytherin Common Room. There he grab a couple of cookies off the table and headed out of the Common Room.
Sneaking his was past a couple of professors, Skylar finally, made it to the Great Hall and then went outside. He took a breath in of the fresh air of the night. He looked up at the sky, no stars, it was rather cloudy and was suggesting rain. Earlier that day, it had poured like none other, then stopped about dinner time.
Skylar headed towards the lake and his normal sitting place, an oddly shaped rock that was right on the opposite side of the lake. Once there, Skylar climbed up on

########
Rank: 1
Score: 86.66051
Retrieved Text: Skylar Mackenzie has never had an easy life, but she was never one to be detoured. With a full scholarship, she enters college with the hope of making her journalism dream come true. But, her dream comes to a devastating halt when one person she thought she could trust rips everything away from her. Left with no other choice Skylar does the only thing she can. She runs; leaving her dark past behind, with plans for a new life for herself and the one person she loves most in the world. What Skylar couldn’t count on was crashing into…literally, the gorgeous bad boy, Cade Williams. Sparks fly instantly and Cade has no problem letting Skylar know exactly what he wants…her. Can Skylar risk opening her heart to love? And what happens when the demons from her past catch up with her? Skylar may have mapped out a new life for herself, but she never planned on Falling for Cade.
I’m 24 years old and married to the love of my life. Together we have a beautiful daughter.
I have a fierce love of reading and an even stronger love of writing.
I’m looking forward to releasing my first book this year!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 86.05108
Retrieved Text: Skylar Littlewood was treated at Riley as a newborn infant, and now has returned to work as an HR Consultant.
Doctor diagnosed Skylar’s mother with placental abruption (a condition in which the placenta partially or completely separates from the uterus before a baby is born). “I was basically drowning inside her,” Skylar says.
Shocked, Skylar’s mom underwent an emergency Cesarean. “Prior to the pregnancy she had never had any health issues, no complications at all,” recalls Skylar.
The Riley team immediately began to prep Skylar for ECMO. “Otherwise known as extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, ECMO is a tool used in life-threatening situations,” explains Dr. William Engle, neonatologist at Riley. “An ECMO machine allows blood to drain from a baby’s heart into an artificial lung and then through this artificial lung the oxygen is taken up and carbon dioxide is removed. This well oxygenated blood is then pumped back into the baby by way of the heart or blood vessels around the heart.” Essentially, he says, it’s a way to treat babies whose lungs or hearts are not working well.
Why was she spared? “No one knows,” she says.
But, one day Skylar felt called back: “I heard that IU Health was hiring and I wanted to work at this amazing place. In a way, it’s like my heart brought me back,” she says.
Skylar was hired in February to be a Human Resources Consultant.
Shortly after, she went to see Dr. Engle. “I sent him an email thanking him for my life, asking if we could meet.” He happily obliged. “He invited me to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 85.30874
Retrieved Text: Losing Her Mind: “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend” Ends with Hope The New YorkerEmily Nussbaum writes on the finale of the TV series “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend,” starring Rachel Bloom and created by Bloom and Aline Brosh McKenna.
John Cena Was Spotted At This Local Vancouver Steakhouse (PHOTOS) 604 NowStill in town filming for the comedy movie Playing With Fire, John Cena was recently spotted with a couple of fellow actors at this Vancouver restaurant.
Carmen Cusack Lands Role in NBC Pilot Zoey's Extraordinary Playlist Playbill.comThe Tony nominee will join Jane Levy, Alex Newell, Skylar Astin, and Mary Steenburgen in the musical dramedy.
Greg reprises an old favorite in this week's 'Crazy Ex-Girlfriend' MashableCheck out an exclusive clip from 'Crazy Ex-Girlfriend' Season 4, episode 14, 'I'm Finding My Bliss.' Greg (Skylar Astin) gives us a Season 1 throwback.
Skylar Astin & Alex Newell To Co-Star In ‘Zoey’s Extraordinary Playlist’ NBC Pilot DeadlinePitch Perfect star Skylar Astin and Glee alum Alex Newell are set as leads opposite Jane Levy in NBC's Zoey's Extraordinary Playlist pilot.
Alex Newell and Skylar Astin Will Star in Musical Dramedy Pilot for NBC Playbill.comThe two will appear opposite Jane Levy in Zoey's Extraordinary Playlist, penned by Austin Wisnberg.
Which of them do you think is hotter?
I mean, i have never seen them interact on twitter or even outside Pitch Perfect. Only once Skylar posted a picture of her on his Instagram. Anna doesn't talk about him at all. Not trying to get into their personal lives, but I'm a huge fan and I'm so curious. I love them both so much and i

########
Rank: 4
Score: 84.97316
Retrieved Text: A portrait of Skylar Neese, a bubbly 16-year-old from West Virginia.
Skylar Neese was a 16-year-old honor student with a bright future. She loved to read, had an active social life and, like most teens, was all about posting her thoughts on social media. Sklar also never missed a day of work at her part-time job at a local Wendy’s. But on July 6, 2012, Skylar snuck out of her bedroom window to meet up with her two best friends Shelia Eddy and Rachel Shoaf.
When Skylar snuck out of her room on that July night, she had gone to meet her two best friends, Shelia Eddy and Rachel Shoaf. The three attended University High School school together just north of Morgantown. Skylar had known Eddy since she was eight years old and Eddy had met Shoaf their freshman year.
The trio were inseparable and Skylar allegedly served as an emotional rock for the other two girls, as both Eddy and Shoaf came from parents of divorce. Skylar was an only child and her parents wanted everything for her. They nurtured her intelligence and encouraged her to be her own person.
Shoaf, on the other hand, was the opposite of Eddy. Though she was well-liked and enjoyed being in school plays, she came from a strict Catholic family and idolized Eddy for her somewhat wild and free attitude.
Skylar Neese, right, beside Rachel Shoaf, middle, and Shelia Eddy on the left.
While Shoaf and Neese enjoyed the freedom that Eddy represented, that particular dynamic would spell trouble for Neese.
Another tweet from that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 84.48949
Retrieved Text: **SAFE 09/29/15** Smoky grey baby girl SKYLAR is only about 13 weeks old and she has been at the ACC for much of September. She had some swelling on her face when she arrived, and must be FAR more beautiful in person than her intake photo shows. Yep, they have had her at the shelter since the 10th and not only did they leave her with a crappy picture, but they couldn’t figure out how to find SKYLAR a home. This BABY dies at the hands of a broken shelter system tomorrow, unless a FOSTER or ADOPTER steps up for her tonight!
I am a female gray domestic sh mix. The shelter thinks I am about 13 WEEKS old.
I came in the shelter as a STRAY on 09/10/2015 from NY 11212, owner surrender reason stated was STRAY.
09/23/2015 Exam Type CAGE EXAM – Medical Rating is 3 C – MAJOR CONDITIONS , Behavior Rating is NONE, Weight 2.1 LBS.
09/10/15 15:20 Skylar is an all gray female cat who was brought in as a stray to ACC today. Skylar appears healthy but will undergo a physical health exam. She was nervous and excitable during the Intake process. Skylar allowed herself to be transferred into a new carrier with minimal effort. Skylar fled and hid when an attempt was made to collar and photograph her. When she was caught and in a calmer state she did allow herself to be collared and photographed.
Skylar was brought in as a stray, so we cannot speak to her behavior in her previous home.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 83.421684
Retrieved Text: That's it! One random commenter during this tour will win the first gift card. Visit more blogs for more chances to win--the full list of participating bloggers can be found HERE. The other two prizes will be given out via Rafflecopter. You can find the contest entry form linked below or on the official Skylar Wishes tour page via Novel Publicity. Good luck!
About the book: Grace is the only one who remembers the truth—that comets are the source of extraordinary destinies. Since their last night together, all memory of their comets and their old powers has abandoned Skylar and Alina. All that is left is Alina’s enduring envy for everything Skylar touches, and Alina’s sudden ability to wake up inside of Skylar’s body, if only for a few minutes.
After Alina finally forces her will and switches bodies with Skylar, harsh realities surface. The holes in Skylar’s relationship with Darren are exposed, and Skylar herself becomes seduced by the idea of living two lives at once, and loving two men at once.
Grace might be able to save them, but everything Skylar and Alina know about love has to change. When their comets return, these three women must choose their fate once more.Get Skylar Wishes through Amazon or Barnes & Noble.
About the author: Tina L. Hook grew up in Orlando, Florida where she graduated from Rollins College.
Her debut novel, Enchanted by Starlight, was honored as a Finalist in the Next Generation Indie Book Awards for Science Fiction/Fantasy. She lives in a small town near Nashville with her husband.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 83.34505
Retrieved Text: Location : Stalker much? but if you must know, behind you.
Benjamin watched the dog bow. "Hello, Skylar. If you're looking for a pack, you've found the right place. I allow you to join." Benjamin said. Jackie perked her ears at the words "i allow you to join." Without thinking, she trotted over to the territory line where Benjamin and Shattered were. "Hello!" Jackie yipped, her tail swaying. Shattered gave her a weird look and Benjamin glared at her. "Umm.... bye." Jackie said, slowly inching back to her rock. You're an idiot! Jackie thought, very embarrassed by her actions. Meanwhile, Serenity saw the whole thing. The stranger bowing, Benjamin saying something, Jackie prancing over to them then going back to her rock. Serenity's eyes switched from wolf to wolf. Benjamin, Shattered, the stranger who looked like a dark ghost, Jackie. Serenity looked up at the mystical sun that was partly covered by small, puffy clouds. She sighed and waited for something to happen.
Midnight dashed a look in every direction then she saw them three males standing at what she did think as the pack boarder she walked over appearing behind the black male and acting no diffrent from how she did when alone. Midnight bowed only slightly because of her hurt paw and the large gash on her side the bow hurt it quite a bit but not enough to make her yelp. "Hello I am Midnight and i would love to join your pack with the alpha's approval."
Benjamin nodded sagely. "You both may join." He said,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 81.916306
Retrieved Text: This is a placeholder page for Skylar Clas, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Skylar Clas.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Skylar Clas. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Skylar Clas. We created this page automatically in hopes Skylar Clas would find it. If you are not Skylar Clas, but are an alumni of Tohatchi High School, register on this site for free now.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 81.72732
Retrieved Text: Meet Skylar Bennett and Kevin Shoemaker, two young professionals and new dads who grew tired of having their work clothes ruined. The solution? Creating Tough Apparel.
In 2014, as budding commercial real estate agents, Skylar and Kevin dressed professionally to the office every day: collared shirt, slacks, and tie. They each acquired a nice collection of professional attire and wore their new wardrobe with pride. Then in 2015, both became new dads. Gone were the days of being able to keep their work clothes clean and crisp. After succumbing to the fate of newborn baby spit-up that ruined their ties time and time again, Skylar and Kevin decided to do something about it. No, they didn’t stop cuddling their adorable babies. They began conjuring up the idea of durable, machine-washable neckties that could withstand the elements.
Thus, Tough Apparel was born. It wasn’t a quick or easy journey, however. After months of extensively Googling and learning about every aspect needed to get a business off the ground, Skylar and Kevin met with a local Arizona fashion designer and the rest, they say, is history!
After figuring out manufacturing, marketing, financing, and all the other areas of running a business, here they are, after quitting their corporate jobs to focus on Tough Apparel full-time: two young dudes creating awesome products and experiences for people who find value in exceptionally-made apparel that is designed to give confidence and withstand all of life’s messes.
The main point of this story is to show that there’s no secret formula for starting a business. There’s

########
Rank: 10
Score: 81.537994
Retrieved Text: [08:36] Rhiannon Chatnoir: Welcome everyone to this week's Nonprofit Commons Weekly Meeting!
[08:37] Rhiannon Chatnoir: The Nonprofit Commons in Second Life is sponsored by TechSoup Global and is a program of the TechSoup Global Community & Social Media team.
[08:37] Rhiannon Chatnoir: First a few links to start off the meeting.
[08:38] Rhiannon Chatnoir: Morning all! Happy Friday and let's start off with Introductions!
[08:38] Rhiannon Chatnoir: Please state your real name, location, org, and the ways we can find you online.
[08:38] Loren Alunaia (reeveskd): Keith Reeves, distanSLab Educational Technology Resource Center, Washington, D.C. http://www.distanslab.org.
[08:40] Gentle Heron likes AnnaMina's title.
[08:41] Rhiannon Chatnoir: any more introductions?
[08:41] Rhiannon Chatnoir: Let's move on to TechSoup Announcements!
[08:42] bulaklak: Hello, people! So excited to be here today. I love today's topic - social media. Very near and dear to my heart.
[08:42] bulaklak: ﻿First just a little 'housekeeping' as they say. We will be around next week, but then TechSoup will be closed from December 24 - January 1. So no NPC meeting on the 28th. And next week I'll have some more info on what this means for requesting donation for your org during that time.
[08:44] bulaklak: Last, I just want to let you all know that we are revamping our weekly newsletter By the Cup a little bit, and will be featuring more community-driven content. So, just as for the Local Impact Map, I want you all to think of great stories you might want us to feature. This will be a little less formal than the LIM, so have a little fun with

########
Rank: 11
Score: 81.182686
Retrieved Text: 1. Skylar loves classic literature, especially gothic romance by the Brontes. My tastes are more eclectic.
#Okay – “eclectic” is a nice way of putting it. Some of those paperbacks I got from the used book store? They were Judith Krantz novels (I was teenager by then, and my mom was always pretty liberal about what she allowed me to read.) There was other, more literary fare, but honestly, I was just never as intellectual as Skylar. I did read some “literature” by choice, like Animal Farm, The Stranger, and lots of plays from a big book of classic drama that I got one year for Christmas. But mostly, I read popular fiction.
Of course, there’s merit to all sorts of reading, no matter what your tastes are. But writing styles have changed over the years, and so have our attention spans. Let’s face it; classic literature is harder to read than most modern, mainstream fiction is. A lot of the words are unfamiliar, the sentences are long and often flowery, and back when the Brontes wrote their novels, there wasn’t this insane expectation for authors to grab their reader’s attention from the very first line. Back then, books took longer to get into, and readers were willing to plod along for a little while, slowly getting into a novel.
So, I admit that even now, when I’m reading for fun, I like a novel that’s easy to get into. This was true when I was Skylar’s age and it’s still true now. That said, this year I’m teaching

########
Rank: 12
Score: 80.83669
Retrieved Text: This is a placeholder page for Skylar Doran, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Skylar Doran.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Skylar Doran. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Skylar Doran. We created this page automatically in hopes Skylar Doran would find it. If you are not Skylar Doran, but are an alumni of Cheektowaga High School, register on this site for free now.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 79.79374
Retrieved Text: Two years ago, senior, Skylar Allen, was diagnosed with stage four Non-Hodgkin’s Lymphoma cancer. On Tuesday, March 26, Student Council, HOSA and the Make-A-Wish organization partnered to present Skylar with a reveal for her wish.
Skylar has gone through a year of cancer treatments, hospital stays and missing out on being a normal high school student. However, throughout her long year of battling cancer, she was fortunate enough to have the support of her friends and family there to help her.
On May 16, 2018, Skylar and family celebrated because she is now cancer free. This news was a relief for everyone in Skylar’s life. They could now focus on getting back to a normal life.
During her cancer treatments, the Make-A-Wish organization reached out to Skylar and asked her what her wish would be. Liaisons and sponsors from the organization would talk with her to help figure out what she wanted.
Skylar thought about it and asked her friends and family for ideas and suggestions. She loved the idea of the beach and wanted to be somewhere in a warm climate. She ended up choosing a trip to Greece as her dream wish.
Skylar looked at the wish reveals at Reedy from a completely different perspective.
Skylar found herself wanting to do everything she could to help make a kid’s dream come true. She was already donating to the Make-A-Wish organization before she even knew that her wish would be granted.
Leading up to the day of the reveal, lots of money, time, and effort went into making this reveal possible. So

########
Rank: 14
Score: 79.620964
Retrieved Text: While Skylar was struggling to escape from the duct tape, his buddies watched and even pushed him around jokingly. It was all just a bit of fun until Skylar accidentally fell, hitting his head against a window, and then slamming it into the concrete when he landed on the ground.
Skylar’s injuries were so devastating, he is lucky to be alive. In addition to a broken eye socket, Skylar developed an aneurysm on his brain, broke his cheek bones, and ended up with nearly 50 stitches to patch together his broken head. Although the long-term prognosis is still not certain, so far Skylar has not recovered the sight in his damaged eye.
“I don’t know what I would do if I lost him,” the teenager’s motherm, Sarah Fish, Q13Fox.com. “The told me over and over that … he’s lucky to be alive.” After this horrifying experience, Skylar and his family now want to educate others on the risks of taking viral video challenges such as the one that severely injured the teen.
Family and friends of Skylar Fish have put together a GoFundMe campaign to help offset the costs of his medical care and recovery.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 79.16388
Retrieved Text: Jul 18, 2013 · Off the album "Don't Look Down"
Lyrics to 'Weirdo' by Skylar Grey. Oh, I'm a Creep... / Yeah, I'm a werido... / What the hell am i doing here? / I don't belong here... ... Featured Video.
Skylar Grey Weirdo Lyrics. Weirdo lyrics performed by Skylar Grey: ... Weirdo Video. Lyrics to Weirdo I'm ... Other Skylar Grey Lyrics.
Lyrics taken from http://www.lyricsmode.com/lyrics/s/skylar_grey/weirdo.html Report. Please ... Add links, pictures and videos to make your explanation more appealing.
View Enriquez Jocelyn song lyrics by popularity along with songs featured in, albums, videos and song meanings. ... Videos; Features; Artists; Enriquez Jocelyn.
Skylar Grey Weirdo Upload, share, download and embed your videos. ... David Guetta - Shot Me Down ft. Skylar Grey (Lyric Video) Midian - Up In The Clouds.
Music / S / Skylar Grey / Lyrics / Weirdo / Lyrics. Overview; Albums; Lyrics; Skylar Grey Genre ... Song video . 0.0 "unrated" 0 votes . Skylar Grey - Weirdo Lyrics.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 78.91338
Retrieved Text: Featuring on this weeks ‪#‎ThrowbackThrusday‬ is My Skylar by Penelope Ward. This was one of those books I thought I needed a therapy to get over it! This was most ANGST and POWERFUL LOVE STORY I have read in a long time, making my heart cry in that process. 'Loving someone too much causes insufferable pain’ should have been the tag line for this book that’s how it was for Mitch and Skylar-Best friends, confidant, strong lovers, centre of their universe and mostly soulmates but they still saw their relationship falling apart.
It’s mostly because of the blurb I read this ASAP. There is no need for spoiler’s the blurb says it all! So I jumped in to find out what “How did he lose her FOREVER” ???
Mitch met Skylar when he was staying with his grandmother during a summer when they were 11 and 10. They bonded over the common grounds that both their parents are separated. Since then they became each other’s rock. They reunite after five years and now their relationship is stronger than ever, with growing feeling for each other they never cross the friend zone with the fear of repeating their parent’s mistake and losing their friendship until their first KISS. Their love was indestructible, the kind which makes your heart fill with warmth, hope and desire.
“How do you know there's a god?”.
Mitch and Skylar are the characters you immediately fall in love, it goes without saying that I was totally engrossed with their story and connected with them right from the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 78.639946
Retrieved Text: Skylar \s-ky-lar\ as a girl's name (also used as boy's name Skylar), is a variant of Skyler (Dutch), and the meaning of Skylar is "fugitive". See also Skye. The baby name Skylar sounds like Skyllar and Schuyler. Other similar baby names are Skyla, Schyler and Zakyla. View a list of the 2 names that reference Skylar.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 78.46619
Retrieved Text: 10 years ago, Skylar’s dad left her without explanation, and whenever she tried asking her mum for the answer, she wouldn’t tell her. Now 18 years old Skylar all grown up and ready to go to college. But before starting her first semester, Skylar went away to her cousin’s house, Kayla, for a summer holiday. While on her way there, she was stopped by a gorgeous cop for a random check and was immediately attracted to him but didn’t do anything about it, except noted on his name – Doug.
Kayla’s mum owned a restaurant, and due to short of staff, Skylar offered to help, and that’s when she saw the cop again. However, he didn’t acknowledge her, and he was also using a different name – Mason. Skylar was confused, and when Nick, Mason’s brother invited Kayla and her to a beach party, she agreed, she thought it would be a great chance to find out more, but what she didn’t realise that it was the beginning of her dangerous discovery.
Mason was surprised that Skylar remembered him despite having her memory wiped. He was intrigued by it and also felt something was special about her, so he kept a close eye on her. It was lucky that he did because Skylar was almost drowned on the beach. Besides noticing that Skylar was able to see the Vultures, Mason also was curious about how she managed to kill his Demigod brother. While discovering the truth, protecting and being so close to her, Mason’s wall surrounding his heart

########
Rank: 19
Score: 78.4228
Retrieved Text: ﻿We rescued our first Aussie from death row at the Santa Ana shelter in 1997. Dante, a black tri-colored, was fearful and aggressive, but with TONS of work he became a wonderful family dog and terrific running partner (even saving me from an attack while out running one night). When Dante passed away in 2009, I didn’t think I would ever be ready to adopt another dog. Then, Bob found a 4-year-old black tri-colored online, and convinced me we should go meet him. It was instant love! We adopted Woody in late 2009, and he remains THE PERFECT DOG. Seriously! He is mellow, loving, obedient and loyal. But with an active (then) 10-year-old son, it became apparent he should have a playmate too. Enter SKYLAR!! We adopted her as an 8-week-old puppy, and she instantly turned our world upside down. Non-stop motion, endless ‘talking’, persistence, high energy and absolutely endearing! Whether it’s a 20-mile run in the mountains with friends (nobody ever gets lost or left behind when Skylar comes along!), playing in mud puddles, working around the house, or shooting hockey pucks, Skylar is there! We often say in our house, Woody is the love, and Skylar is the laughter.
We first learned about dog surfing in 2012 when the Surf City Surf Dog folks advertised dog surf lessons on Facebook. I figured it might be fun to see if our little go-getter would enjoy it. (Woody, by the way, does not like getting his paws wet, so surfing was never an option for him, despite

########
Rank: 20
Score: 77.983086
Retrieved Text: parenting | I am JuJu!
This morning was no different. The morning started off well. Skylar woke up in a pretty good mood which was awesome! After I wake her up, I wait to see what her response is going to be. Some mornings she says “Uggghh! I didn’t sleep well at all!” or “It is 6:34 mom! You woke me up 4 minutes late!” Those mornings I just brace myself for the roller coaster ride that will be our morning. This morning she said “Hi mom! How was your bunco?” I played bunco last night and she was already asleep when I got home. I was thrilled that she woke up in a good mood as I know that our morning should go a bit smoother.
Hailey: You can’t take your medicine before you eat! What are you thinking?
Skylar: Hailey! How dare you speak to me like that! You are not my mother!
Hailey: Shame on you Skylar. Don’t ever speak to me like that.
Skylar: Mom!!! Hailey is being rude to me!
Me: Seriously? Both of you cut it out. Skylar, finish getting ready. Hailey, stop telling Skylar what to do. Your dad and I have it under control.
Hailey: Clearly, she needs more help mom!
Oh my! I’m not sure why, but Hailey has taken it upon herself to be an additional parent figure to Skylar, which Skylar absolutely can’t stand. I feel like a broken record that constantly repeats “Hailey, quit bossing your sister around. Hailey, we are taking care of it. Hailey, stop parenting Skylar”. I must say

########
Rank: 21
Score: 77.73886
Retrieved Text: Summer-Glau.com Forum » Filmography » Other movies/shows » Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish and let Zoe be used by Red Flag?
At the end of Alphas season 2 episode 6 'Alphaville', Skylar escapes with her daughter Zoe and is later approached by Stanton Parish himself. He offers Skylar "to help make the world a better place" by providing "an environment that child like Zoe and Skylar herself can shrive in".
Will she join him and let her daughter's power become a tool of Red Flag? Take the poll!
It's hard to say. The situation is complex.
Frankly, I think Skylar just wants to be left alone to raise Zoe without interference but with the support of a community.
She lost that community in 2x06 and she has no reason to trust Parish after his lackey's destroyed it.
Given her issues with Rosen, I doubt she'd turn to him or his group.
I would say she would probably strike out on her own again, but we already know she's returning for two more episodes so that doesn't seem likely.
So like I said, it's complex. I'll wait and see where the series takes us to find out.
Oh yeah! I hope she zaps Parish. I really hate assholes who go about acting all gentrified when in truth all they want is power and destruction.
You make good points Russell.
We know that, as hard she'd like to avoid all this, she'll be involved in the latest episodes.
She turned

########
Rank: 22
Score: 77.51327
Retrieved Text: I fellasleep for a few short minutes and woke up by Scarlett nudging me "hm?....What?" We landed Scarlett didn't look to good "Ya alright?" I stood up more on my seat "Uh....Yeah Skylar snores in his sleep though" She said I couldn't help but chuckle at this "I figured where is he?" I looked around the helicopter no one was there Scarlett grabbed my wrist "This is all your fault ya know...." She said My eyes were staring stright at her Her face looked..... diffrent. "What?" I stood up did she really just say that? I mean I was talking to Scarlett wasn't I? "Your nothing but a monster" She was staring at the ground her eyes seemed lost "What are you saying Scar- Something made my eyes stare at the floor there was blood everywhere......Three men Scattered across the ground including the sergant, They were all dead. I backed away from the scene I looked past Scarlett I covered my mouth with the sight befor me Skylar was in his sit....with his throat slit I felt the tears rushing down my face "oh my god...." I said "you did it in your sleep" Scarlett said she stood up she had four stabs in her stomach "I tried to fight you off but you got me right here" She held her stomach "Scarlett....." I was terrified I finally noticed the blood all over my shirt "I'm so sorry" I said Scarlett was coming closer "I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry!!!" I screeched I kept apoligizing until

########
Rank: 23
Score: 77.219284
Retrieved Text: For Drew Lawson, there isn't anyone else as undeniably off-limits as the addictively sweet, mind-wreckingly beautiful Skylar Sullivan. Hell, she's the very definition of the girl-next-door do-gooder. And while he is officially classified as a white hat hacker by the suit-wearing folks who keep track of that sort of thing, no one would ever say that hat of his is exactly pristine.
So when Skylar's arrival at his doorstep on the roughest night of the year for him every year leads to a downright memorable hotel mishap, an impromptu winter road trip, and the discovery of a secret that could change how she sees him forever, Drew is convinced the universe is on some kind of convoluted mission to thaw his cold, jaded heart.
...Because, lordy, they've certainly sent in a ringer to get the job done right.
Before That Promise is a quick & emotional, short & sweet crossover holiday novella starring two of my favorite secondary characters -- Skylar Sullivan from my Can't Resist series, all grown up, and Drew Lawson from my Cactus Creek series, as swoonworthy as ever (no worries, you don't have to have read either of those series). There's a HFN (happily-for-now) ending, with the second book in this duet (Every Promise Unspoken) picking up a few years down the line for this utterly meant to be couple.
NOTE: Book Two will be released after Violet's medical prognosis improves (she's been on medical leave since January 2017 receiving aggressive new treatments and surgeries for multiple failing organs). We're hopeful that these treatments take and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 76.46697
Retrieved Text: I don't have much to say right now. I've got a cold. And I'm so doped up on antihistamine and Sudafed -- it's a bad allergy season -- that I can't think straight.
But I did have fun taking Skylar on her field trip to Flandrau Planetarium, where she demonstrated her astonishing memory -- she'd only been there once before -- by ticking off the names of various rocks to her teacher, parent chaperones, and any pre-school classmates who would stand still long enough to listen.
After the planetarium show, Skylar went up to the college student who gave the presentation and announced, gravely, "At my Nana and Papa's house, I saw a show on our galaxy that talked about black holes. They swallow light and matter."
The young woman calmly replied that scientists think that there might be a black hole at the center of every galaxy, but that many of them now believe that some light can escape from a black hole. "Maybe you can be a scientist when you grow up and find out," she told Skylar.
Skylar turned away. "I want to be a ballerina when I grow up."
That was the highlight of the day. Kim and Skylar swam at the J while I played basketball. I didn't do as well as I did on Saturday, but was still better than my average. It's amazing what a little upper body strength can do for your inside game.
After we got home, I was briefly overcome with paranoid delusions that cast a serious pall over the rest of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 76.3312
Retrieved Text: Brendan Sullivan singled to center field, advanced to second on the throw, RBI; Tyler Ferdinand scored.
Brendan Sullivan advanced to third on a balk.
Jonathan De La Cruz singled to center field, RBI; Brendan Sullivan scored.
Jonathan De La Cruz stole second.
Jacob Rayner grounded out to 3b, RBI; Jonathan De La Cruz scored on the throw.
David Marsell singled to left field, advanced to second on the throw; Andre Marchessault advanced to third.
Jesse Tejero grounded out to ss, RBI; David Marsell advanced to third; Andre Marchessault scored.
Robert Cutone doubled to left center, RBI; David Marsell scored.
Evan Michalek singled to left field, advanced to second on the throw, RBI; Robert Cutone scored.
Brendan Sullivan singled up the middle.
Jonathan De La Cruz tripled to center field, RBI; Brendan Sullivan scored.
Jacob Rayner homered to left center, 2 RBI; Jonathan De La Cruz scored.
Hector Coscione doubled to left center.
Dom Mascolo hit by pitch; Skylar Beckerman advanced to second; Hector Coscione advanced to third.
Andre Marchessault singled to center field, RBI; Dom Mascolo advanced to second; Skylar Beckerman advanced to third; Hector Coscione scored.
David Marsell singled to left field, 2 RBI; Andre Marchessault advanced to second; Dom Mascolo scored; Skylar Beckerman scored.
Marcus Ferdinand to p for Drew Neely.
David Marsell advanced to second on a wild pitch; Andre Marchessault advanced to third.
Jesse Tejero flied out to cf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Andre Marchessault scored.
Tyler Ferdinand singled to left field; David Pappalardo advanced to second.
Skylar Beckerman doubled to center field.
Skylar Beckerman advanced to third on an error by 2b.
Dom Mascolo flied out to cf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Skylar Beckerman scored.
Jorge

########
Rank: 26
Score: 76.206024
Retrieved Text: Blessed among the Mess: The Big FOUR!
My sweet Skylar is four today. Not to be cliche, but when birthdays roll around, I always feel like time is moving too fast for me. This past year she moved from being a toddler into a precious little girl. Here's a look back on the last four years.
She also climbs on everything and jumps off of anything (but I somehow manage to NOT take pictures of that!). She is a fantastic sister! She is incredibly bright and creative. She's pretty fearless when it comes to trying something new (including food). She is my little sunshine and snuggler and I can't imagine our family without her. She is quite a spunky monkey and we love her so much!!
Happy Birthday our sweet girl!!
Fantastic post - Happy Birthday Skylar! Love all of the pictures and Emily has that shirt from the swing picture and I adore it!
I'm about to cry!! Happy birthday Skylar...must show Camper this post. ;o) Did our gift arrive yet? that last is my favorite...oh those blue, blue eyes!
Adorable! Happy Birthday Skylar :) Fun that I got to see her in the hospital when she was born!!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 76.058945
Retrieved Text: I'm sure it says a lot about me that I'm listening to music I purchased in Germany back in 1987 out of solidarity with my younger sister's tastes, because I'm nostalgic for my younger sister's tastes, even though she has long since left them behind and would probably have to struggle to recall them at all. Nature or nurture?
It's always interesting to ponder how programmed we are from birth. And that brings me to today' s picture, which I present in solidarity with my cough-stricken daughter.
There's video -- shot from behind Kim's head, over the privacy curtain -- of Skylar being extracted and then turning purple on the table where they do the first medical inspection. But this is the very first photo taken of Skylar outside the womb. Nature or nurture?
Yeah, I wish I'd taken it. . . Just kidding!
We were as happy as we look. And Skylar was as annoyed as she looks, though she calmed down upon being brought up to Kim.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 76.03236
Retrieved Text: which wrestler do you think is the current most wanted for producers & fans?
i think skylar rene in number 1 and amadahy in number 2.
these two wrestlers dominate the net in our days but i think that skylar is the most wanted now because she became more and more popular in only few weeks. she is a superb women and she can wrestler average men in real and scripted videos where she can be the best actress.
Cheyenne Jewel and VeVe Lane are both far better wrestlers, but maybe don't appeal to the casual fans as much. I think that's where F/F fans and F/M fans differ - F/F as a whole, encompasses more competitive action, whereas F/M nearly always smacks of fake/fantasy, IMHO.
It's interesting to watch the rise of certain girls that seem to have the right combination of overall look, attitude, and body. Before Skylar there was Electra, before her ArielX, etc. It seems though that eventually, market becomes saturated with 'em, and another new girl becomes the it girl of the moment. I still love to see Skylar in action, but my heart just jumps when I spot a new talent (that fulfills my ideal amazon criteria) for the very first time (Malice and Sonia Slade recently).
Sonia Slade? It seems she is not on wb270.
It has to be Skylar Renee. I believe she surpasses all due to her latest videos, involvement in several companies including her own skylarenee.com, and her success in the scissor circle. I personally like Amadahy from reality girls, but she

########
Rank: 29
Score: 76.02941
Retrieved Text: Kirsten accidentally falls asleep on Skylar’s shoulder during a movie and Skylar panics.
When Kirsten wants to see the new summer blockbuster, Kelly and Skylar end up learning too much about the movie before even watching it.
Kirsten and Skylar try to reason with Kelly about his poor eating habits.

================



======= Instance Index 10018 =========
Input Text: Context: Trump was 'impressed' by one thing Cohen said in 'fake' hearing
President Donald Trump criticised his former attorney Michael Cohen for lying in testimony to Congress but found reason to praise him too.

Question: What will Sydney want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Yet when I asked this question at interviews recently at lot of the candidates were unprepared to answer it and looked unprofessional when they had to respond

B: learn who Michael Cohen was

C: Also, watch your body language when you respond to the question. Don’t shuffle in your seat, put your head on the desk or say “oh man I hate this question”

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 91.91453
Retrieved Text: BuzzFeed News has posted an update to their story reporting that Donald Trump had directed Michael Cohen to lie to Congress, officially conceding that the Special Counsel had in fact said this was..
▶ Videos for "Michael Cohen"
The House Oversight Committee is investigating claims made by the president&apos;s former attorney Michael Cohen.
Days after the FBI raided Michael Cohen's home and office last year, President Donald Trump called his longtime fixer and urged him to "stay strong" and "hang in there" in the face of the intensifying..
Hours ahead of the release of the redacted version of the Mueller Report, one of the key figures claims he can -- and will -- fill in the blanks.
· Herman Cain, the former Godfather's Pizza CEO and 2012 Republican presidential nominee, was selected by President Donald Trump for a spot on the Federal Reserve Board on April 4. · While the..
Guess Who Mike Sorrentino's Prison Buddies Are – It's Not Who You'd Guess!
Pauly D stopped by SiriusXM's "The Jenny McCarthy Show" where they gave an update on Mike's prison sentence. [caption id="attachment_537454" align="alignnone" width="3000"] POINT PLEASANT BEACH, NJ -..
WikiLeaks co-founder Julian Assange has been arrested at the Ecuadorian embassy in London, the BBC reported Thursday. According to London's Met Police, Assange was arrested for failing to surrender..
House Oversight Committee Republicans on Wednesday introduced a resolution to force committee Chairman Elijah Cummings to send ex-Trump lawyer Michael Cohen’s congressional testimony to the Justice..
A request from former Trump attorney Michael Cohen to Democrats to help delay and reduce his upcoming three-year prison sentence –

########
Rank: 1
Score: 89.65505
Retrieved Text: Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump's former personal attorney, says in his opening statement to Congress that Trump is a "cheat" and "conman."
President Donald Trump's former personal attorney Michael Cohen will testify before the House Oversight Committee on Wednesday morning and, according to his opening statement, will call his former boss a "cheat" and "conman."
In Cohen's statement, obtained by USA TODAY, it appears he will tell lawmakers that Trump knew in advance that WikiLeaks planned to release stolen emails damaging to a political rival.
Cohen, who pleaded guilty to crimes including campaign finance violations and lying to Congress was sentenced in December to three years in prison. Cohen was disbarred in New York on Tuesday as a result of those convictions.
One of Cohen's felony convictions centers on payments he made to buy the silence of two women who claim to have had past sexual affairs with Trump. Prosecutors say the payments, which were made in the weeks before the 2016 election, constituted an illegal campaign contribution.
In addition to claiming that Trump directed him to commit that crime, Cohen will introduce as evidence a personal check for $35,000 Trump wrote him, which Cohen said was part of his reimbursement for the hush money payments.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 88.69407
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump's former lawyer Michael Cohen will testify next week at a closed hearing of the U.S. House Intelligence Committee after postponing an appearance before another congressional panel, citing threats from Trump.
"Mr. Cohen has relayed to the Committee his legitimate concerns for his own safety as well as that of his family, which have been fuelled by improper comments made by the President and his lawyer," Democratic Representative Adam Schiff, the panel's chairman, said in a statement.
"These attacks on Mr. Cohen’s family must stop," Schiff said.
Last week, Cohen cited threats from Trump for postponing testimony before an open hearing of the House of Representatives Oversight Committee set for Feb. 7. That hearing has not been rescheduled.
Cohen was subpoenaed last week by the Senate Intelligence Committee to appear in mid-February.
Cohen will be represented by a new team of lawyers after shaking up his legal team on Monday.
Michael Monico and Barry Spevack, partners in the same Chicago criminal defence law firm, will replace Manhattan attorneys Guy Petrillo and Amy Lester, who oversaw his guilty plea and last month's sentencing in New York.
In addition to congressional testimony, Monico and Spevack will also represent Cohen as he cooperates with U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller's probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election as well as federal and state investigations in New York, Lanny Davis, another Cohen attorney, said in the statement.
Cohen said in the guilty plea that he was directed to make the payments by Trump. The president and his lawyers have argued the payments were

########
Rank: 3
Score: 88.11539
Retrieved Text: President Donald Trump, Michael Cohen and attorney general nominee William Barr.
Updated: In a rare public statement, the office of Justice Department Special Counsel Robert Mueller said Friday evening that a report implicating President Donald Trump in obstruction of justice is not accurate.
A statement by Justice Department spokesman Peter Carr, who is detailed to the Office of Special Counsel, was reported by multiple news agencies Friday night.
“BuzzFeed’s description of specific statements to the special counsel’s office, and characterization of documents and testimony obtained by this office, regarding Michael Cohen’s congressional testimony are not accurate,” Carr said, as reported by the Washington Post.
The original BuzzFeed report said Mueller has evidence that Trump directed his former attorney, Michael Cohen, to lie to Congress about negotiations to build a Trump Tower in Moscow.
The article had led to a re-examination of attorney general nominee William Barr’s unsolicited memo on obstruction of justice. The initial focus was on Barr’s disagreement with the special counsel’s apparent obstruction investigation, but now the focus is on its reference to suborning perjury as classic obstruction, the Washington Post reports.
The original BuzzFeed report said Mueller has evidence that Trump directed his former attorney, Michael Cohen, to lie to Congress about negotiations to build a Trump Tower in Moscow. The story was based on information from two anonymous federal law enforcement officials.
According to BuzzFeed’s sources, Cohen acknowledged the directive to lie after the special counsel’s office already had gathered information about it from witness interviews, emails, text messages and a cache of other documents.
Cohen pleaded guilty in November

########
Rank: 4
Score: 87.892975
Retrieved Text: FILE PHOTO: Michael Cohen, the former personal attorney of U.S. President Donald Trump, talks to reporters as he departs after testifying before a closed House Intelligence Committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., March 6, 2019.
In addition to pleading guilty in August to violating campaign finance law, Cohen also plead guilty to tax and bank fraud, as well in November to lying to Congress about efforts to open a Trump Tower in Moscow, the Washington Examiner reported.
The federal investigation into former Trump attorney Michael Cohen began almost a year before agents raided his home and business in April 2018, newly unsealed court documents revealed Tuesday.
The filings reveal that in July 2017, when Cohen was still referring to himself as the "personal attorney to President Donald J. Trump", the Federal Bureau of Investigation obtained search warrants for Cohen's email. Columbus Nova, a private equity firm belonging to investor Andrew Intrater, a cousin of Russian oligarch Viktor Vekselberg, signed a $1 million consulting agreement with Cohen.
The documents were part of the justification Mr. Mueller used to obtain search warrants to peek at Cohen's communications, track his whereabouts, and conduct a raid of his home and office a year ago.
Trump has denied having sexual relationships with the women, and said his campaign did not collude with Russian Federation.
The documents are being released as a result of a ruling from federal Judge William Pauley partially granting a request from various media organizations, including CNN, to unseal documents related to the April 9, 2018, raid.
The warrants describe Cohen's false statements

########
Rank: 5
Score: 87.27466
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump’s former attorney Michael Cohen filed a lawsuit against Trump Organization on Thursday alleging that he was not paid for legal fees he incurred after turning on the president.
Cohen, in the lawsuit filed in New York, says he was part of an agreement with the Trump Organization that outlined the business would cover expenses for his legal expenses as he became a focus of federal prosecutors in New York and with special counsel Robert Mueller’s office.
He claims that in June 2018, when he began telling others he would cooperate with prosecutors, the Trump Organization stopped paying without any notice. Since then, he says, he’s incurred more than $1 million in legal expenses, which he argues Trump Organization should pay.
More: Analysis: For President Trump, Cohen's allegations were explosive. Will they matter?
Cohen claims that in July 2017 he and the Trump Organization entered into an agreement that the company would pay “for his attorneys’ fees and costs in connection with Mr. Cohen’s representation and defense in the investigations and other matters.” The agreement was due to Cohen being part of a joint defense agreement with others targeted by prosecutors. Cohen did not provide a copy of the agreement with the Trump Organization but one of his attorneys, Lanny Davis, who isn't representing Cohen in the lawsuit, said Cohen has documents that will prove his suit in court.
"Over the past week, Michael Cohen has proven with documents and facts that the President of the United States has lied and committed crimes. Stubborn facts backed up

########
Rank: 6
Score: 86.34687
Retrieved Text: President Donald Trump and his former lawyer Michael Cohen decided to mediate details about their disintegrating relationship Friday morning in the only way we’d expect: a Twitter fight.
The social media sparring began when Donald Trump tweeted that “bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen” lied under oath during last week’s Congressional testimony about not asking for a presidential pardon (“he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO.”) and not wanting to work for the administration (“He also badly wanted to work at the White House”). Stating “he lied!” three times in 140 characters.
However, the veracity of Cohen’s testimony about asking for “never” asking for a pardon was somewhat contradicted by his current lawyer, Lanny Davis, who released a statement Thursday noting that Cohen had expressed interest in a presidential pardon after the FBI searched his home last April.
There was no discussion of whether Cohen “directly” asked for a comment like Trump implied, or if it was just explored through his lawyer.
Considering the nature of social media, it could only be expected that other interested parties jump in the fray.
Although Michael Cohen, who has been disbarred and also pleaded guilty for lying to Congress in 2017, is an admitted liar, a recent Quinnipiac University poll found that Americans trusted Cohen more than Trump by a 50% to 35% margin.
While Trump said that Cohen’s testimony was primarily made up of “lies”, the president actually praised him for truthfulness during one part of last month’s Congressional hearing. When Cohen was asked about Russian interference in the 2016 election,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 86.03686
Retrieved Text: Michael Dean Cohen is an American former attorney who was a lawyer for Donald Trump from 2006 until May 2018.
Michael Cohen, the president's former lawyer and soon-to-be prison inmate, was secretly recorded by actor and comedian Tom Arnold discussing the crimes he's pleaded guilty to, President Donald Trump..
Michael Cohen walked back parts of his guilty plea in a phone call with the comedian Tom Arnold. Business Insider reports that Cohen didn't know was being recorded. The recording was released by the..
The Democratic head of a powerful U.S. House committee has asked the Internal Revenue Service for six years of President Donald Trump’s personal and business tax returns, in a long-awaited move..
A version of the highly anticipated report will be available soon.
Democrats want every last detail made public. But can they make that happen?
Special Counsel Robert Mueller began investigating President Donald Trump’s former lawyer, Michael Cohen, for fraud in his personal business dealings and for potentially acting as an unregistered..
According to CNN, newly unsealed warrants used to investigate Michael Cohen show that Special counsel Robert Mueller's investigators were allowed by a federal judge to review years of Michael Cohen's..
An intriguing area of focus in Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into the Kremlin’s role in the 2016 U.S. election is a proposed Moscow real estate deal that Donald Trump pursued while..
Former Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara says the Southern District of New York is "aggressive, fearless, and independent" and "they don't care about politics." Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

########
Rank: 8
Score: 85.75213
Retrieved Text: Editorial: Forget the Michael Cohen sideshow. Give us the Robert Mueller report.
Michael Cohen becomes emotional toward the end of his testimony Wednesday before the House Oversight Committee.
Wednesday was a day like few in American history, with a convicted liar on his way to federal prison telling the House Oversight Committee that his old boss, who happens to be the president, was an even bigger liar. But did the testimony of Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump’s former attorney, change the national debate as he rehashed stories about Trump spreading falsehoods, paying off mistresses and saying offensive, even racist, things?
It’s a sign of the times that it wasn’t more surprising that a former confidant of the president of the United States called him a racist, a con man and a cheat. Or that few Republicans actually challenged Cohen’s claims about his longtime client, choosing instead to go after Cohen’s credibility. The only thing missing from the theatrics was Trump tweets.
But if the hearing accomplished anything, it should be to whet Americans’ appetites for the completion of special prosecutor Robert Mueller’s investigation into the Trump camp’s links with Russian operatives and Moscow’s attempts to interfere in the 2016 election. Unfortunately, newly confirmed Attorney General Bob Barr has already indicated that he may withhold parts of Mueller’s report that are deemed too sensitive to make public.
Except for information that might damage national security, everything else should be released. Who knew what when? Americans should know.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 85.69155
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said in an interview released Wednesday that he found out “later on” that his former personal attorney Michael Cohen paid two women to keep quiet about alleged affairs with Trump, contradicting Cohen’s statements in court a day earlier.
Trump argued that because the payments did not come from the campaign itself, there was no violation of campaign finance laws. He also told Earhardt he paid Cohen back personally, though prosecutors said Cohen was reimbursed by the Trump Organization.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 85.632095
Retrieved Text: The Special Counsel's office is disputing aspects of a BuzzFeed story that claims President Donald Trump ordered his former lawyer Michael Cohen to lie to Congress.
WASHINGTON — BuzzFeed says it stands by its reporting but is "working to determine what exactly" special counsel Robert Mueller's office is disputing about its story on President Donald Trump and his former lawyer Michael Cohen.
Mueller spokesman Peter Carr issued an extraordinary and unprecedented statement on Friday night characterizing as "not accurate" a BuzzFeed News story that said Trump had directed Cohen to lie to Congress about a Trump real estate project in Moscow.
"BuzzFeed's description of specific statements to the Special Counsel's Office, and characterization of documents and testimony obtained by this office, regarding Michael Cohen's Congressional testimony are not accurate," Carr wrote.
In a separate statement, BuzzFeed editor-in-chief Ben Smith says it stands by the reporting and the "sources who informed it." He called on Mueller "to make clear what he's disputing."
When the statement from Mueller's office came out later Friday, Trump began retweeting others who were calling the story "fake news."
The report from BuzzFeed News cited two unnamed federal law enforcement officials. The report said Special Counsel Robert Mueller's team, investigating Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, learned about Trump's order to Cohen through interviews with witnesses from the Trump Organization, internal company emails, text messages and other documents.
When Cohen was interviewed by Mueller's team, he acknowledged receiving instructions from Trump to lie that negotiations over the tower ended months earlier than they did, according to BuzzFeed.
The report also

########
Rank: 11
Score: 85.591225
Retrieved Text: President Trump's former attorney, Michael Cohen is in over his head in a pool of boiling hot water due to his recent actions.
Recordings of privileged conversations between President Trump and Cohen were recently released to CNN by Cohen's attorney, Lanny Davis. The tapes were confiscated from Cohen's office in an FBI raid earlier in the year and reportedly reveal them discussing buying the rights to Karen McDougal's story in which she alleges that Trump and her had engaged in an extramarital affair over a decade ago.
If the blatant disregard of attorney - client privilege wasn't damaging enough to Cohen's future as a lawyer, he stepped up his attack on President Trump by reportedly throwing him under the bus. The NY Post reported that Cohen is now willing to testify that President Trump had advance knowledge of a June 9, 2016 meeting in which Donald Trump Jr attended and met with a Russian lawyer who claimed to have opposition research on Hillary Clinton. Donald Trump, a candidate at that time, did not attend the meeting and has held firm that he never knew about the meeting until it was revealed to him by his son. The meeting also yielded no opposition research on Clinton.
Cohen's attack caught President Trump's attention and quickly he fired back. ".....I did NOT know of the meeting with my son, Don jr," Trump tweeted. "Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 85.47393
Retrieved Text: Trump's personal lawyer has represented the Fox News host, according to Cohen's lawyers.
Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump’s personal lawyer, has also represented Fox News’ Sean Hannity, a court hearing revealed Monday.
Cohen’s lawyers exposed the identity of Cohen’s previously unnamed client in a courtroom in New York after a federal judge ordered them to do so.
Cohen appeared in court Monday as part of a federal investigation into his business and financial dealings. The FBI raided his office last week, reportedly seizing documents related to payments he made to adult film actress Stephanie Clifford, whose stage name is Stormy Daniels, and another woman Trump has been accused of having a sexual relationship with in the past.
Clifford sat in on Cohen’s hearing with her lawyer Michael Avenatti on Monday.
Adult film actress Stephanie Clifford, whose stage name is Stormy Daniels, arrives at the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York for a hearing related to Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump's longtime personal attorney.
In a court filing Monday morning, Cohen’s lawyers argued that Cohen should not be required to identify his clients. Cohen had at least 10 clients between 2017 and 2018, Reuters reported, and he did “traditional legal tasks” for three of them, including Trump, former Republican National Committee official Elliott Broidy, and a third who asked not to be named.
“The client is a publicly prominent individual,” Steve Ryan, one of Cohen’s lawyers, said before the judge directed him to name the client.
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood in Manhattan said Cohen’s lawyers did not meet “the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 84.22541
Retrieved Text: On Thursday night Donald Trump’s former attorney, Michael Cohen, claimed then-candidate Trump knew in advance about the June 2016 meeting in Trump Tower in which Russians were expected to offer his campaign dirt on Hillary Clinton.
Michael Cohen could offer no evidence for the claim.
On Friday morning President Trump unloaded on his former attorney and Robert Mueller’s witch hunt team.
President Trump blasted Mueller and his team of 13 angry Democrats.
President Trump then claimed he did not know about the meeting his son, Donald Trump Jr., held with the Russian operative at Trump Tower in June 2016.
The Russian attorney Natalia Veselnitskaya had dinner with Fusion GPS founder Glenn Simpson the day before and the day after the Trump Tower meeting in June 2016.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 84.05306
Retrieved Text: President Trump blasted Michael Cohen on Thursday morning, telling reporters his former attorney is “lying” to get a reduced sentence from federal investigators looking into Russia’s involvement in the 2016 U.S. election.
Trump called Cohen a “weak person” soon after the attorney plead guilty on Thursday to making false statements to investigators. Cohen said in a Manhattan court hearing that he submitted a false written statement about a Trump real estate deal in Moscow, according to Reuters.
Trump then added: “Even if he was right, it doesn’t matter because I was allowed to do whatever I wanted during the campaign,” according to BuzzFeed News.
Cohen said in court he made “misstatements” to federal investigators “to be consistent with individual 1’s political messaging and out of loyalty to individual 1,” according to Reuters. He’s previously said “individual 1” and President Trump are the same person.
Cohen already pleaded guilty in August to campaign finance violations and bank fraud in a case from federal prosecutors. He testified the president ordered him to pay hush money to two women before the 2016 election. Trump has denied he was having an affair with the women.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Trump calls ex-lawyer Michael Cohen a ‘weak person’ after new guilty plea, claims he’s ‘lying’ to get a reduced sentence.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 84.009056
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump is suggesting that a congressional hearing Democrats arranged with his former personal attorney may have contributed to his failure to reach a summit deal with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
Trump left his summit in Vietnam with the North Korean leader last week without reaching an agreement after Trump said he wasn't willing to give in to Kim's demand to lift U.S. sanctions at this time. He lashed out at Democrats in a tweet on Sunday, criticizing their decision to hold the hearing featuring his former lawyer, Michael Cohen, while he was overseas.
"For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar & fraudster, at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea, is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the 'walk,'" Trump tweeted. "Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!"
But after returning to Washington, and seeing the largely negative media reaction to the summit, including about his answer about the death of college student Otto Warmbier, Trump went a step further. He seized upon an idea being floated on the right, including by his eldest son Don Jr. on social media, that the Democrats' hearing was not just a distraction, but a deliberate attempt to undermine the negotiations in Hanoi, according to the Republicans.
The president complained to one confidant that the hearing made him "look weak" to Kim Jong Un, as did a reporter's shouted question about the Cohen matter in front of the North Korean leader.
The

########
Rank: 16
Score: 83.993385
Retrieved Text: This year's Oscars ceremony was a big improvement over last year's. There's only one problem: It occurred a week too early. By holding the Oscars last weekend, instead of this weekend, the Academy missed the most dramatic, explosive and truly Oscar-worthy performance of the year: Michael Cohen 's appearance before the House Oversight Committee.
Like any good film, Wednesday's hearing posed a real dilemma. Given the choice between two proven, pathological liars, which one do you believe: the one who freely admits lying, or the one who fiercely denies it? Michael Cohen or Donald Trump ?
Adding to the drama, Republicans on the committee didn't have to prove that Michael Cohen was a liar and a cheat. He acknowledged it from the very beginning. In his opening testimony, he admitted a whole smorgasbord of wrongs. He lied to Congress , federal prosecutors and the American people. He filed fraudulent financial forms. And he knowingly broke campaign finance laws. For all of which, having pled guilty, he'd been disbarred and would soon be behind bars.
It was a stunning admission of guilt, rarely if ever seen on Capitol Hill, to which committee Republicans, apparently, weren't even paying attention. They spent the next seven hours getting Michael Cohen to admit, over and over again, to committing all the misdeeds he'd already confessed -- to the point where Cohen expressed out loud what everybody watching was thinking: "I just find it interesting, sir, that between yourself and your colleagues, that not one question so far, since I'm here, has been asked about

########
Rank: 17
Score: 83.82852
Retrieved Text: In the days after President Trump took office, Paul Manafort allegedly guided the administration on how to undermine and thwart the FBI probe into Russia’s election interference in the 2016 campaign, Vox reported Friday.
A slow-motion crisis is building in the state of Florida.
Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn has told associates that he spoke to Russia’s ambassador to the U.S. during the 2016 campaign about how the two countries could work together on key foreign policy matters if Donald Trump was elected, Mother Jones reported Thursday.
The question of what Michael Cohen did not tell government investigators — and why — loomed over his Wednesday sentencing hearing.
Much has been made of Cohen’s decision not to enter into a formal cooperation agreement with the Manhattan U.S. Attorney’s office — a choice that prompted both federal prosecutors and U.S. District Judge William Pauley to advise against a substantial reduction of his sentence.
In the courtroom, Cohen’s lawyer Guy Petrillo argued that there was no “mystery” and nothing “peculiar” about Cohen’s decision. Petrillo accused prosecutors of trying to “make a bigger case than they’ve already made” by hinting that Cohen elected not to share information about other criminal activity that he or others in his orbit committed.
“They come forward with nothing to suggest there’s anything there,” Petrillo said of the government’s sentencing memo that twice references other crimes, “if any,” that Cohen may have known about or carried out.
The decision to rush to sentencing rather than enter into a formal agreement, which could involve years of cooperation, was intended to bring

########
Rank: 18
Score: 83.72705
Retrieved Text: U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani backtracked on Monday from earlier ments that Trump pursued a business deal to erect a tower bearing his name in Moscow throughout 2016 President Donald Trump’s lawyer Rudy Giuliani on Monday clarified ments he made about discussions between Trump’s former personal attorney Michael Cohen and then-candidate Trump about a Rudy Giuliani’s Mystery Trips Russia, Armenia and Ukraine — “, Inc.” Podcast We spent weeks investigating his work and clients in former Soviet Union. Tags: rudy, giulianis, mystery, trips, 'So what?' If Trump and Rudy Giuliani, U.S. President Donald 's lawyer, said on Sunday it doesn't matter wher and his disgraced former lawyer Michael Cohen discussed congressional testimony. "I think impeachment would be tally horrible," Giuliani said. "You could only impeach him for political reasons, and American people would revolt against that."

########
Rank: 19
Score: 83.67591
Retrieved Text: US President Donald Trump's personal attorney, Rudy Giuliani, on Wednesday insisted he "never said there was no collusion" between Mr Trump's 2016 presidential election campaign and Russia - only that Mr Trump himself was not involved.
[WASHINGTON] US President Donald Trump's personal attorney, Rudy Giuliani, on Wednesday insisted he "never said there was no collusion" between Mr Trump's 2016 presidential election campaign and Russia - only that Mr Trump himself was not involved.
"I never said there was no collusion between the campaign, or between people in the campaign," Mr Giuliani said.
A day earlier, Mr Trump had insisted he "never worked for Russia" following two bombshell reports.
Meanwhile, The Washington Post detailed what it said were the unusual lengths taken by Mr Trump to hide the contents of his conversations with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
These include his former national security advisor Michael Flynn, former Trump campaign chief Paul Manafort and Mr Trump's former personal lawyer Michael Cohen.
But on Wednesday, Mr Giuliani suggested that was "not collusion".

########
Rank: 20
Score: 83.49015
Retrieved Text: Former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney said on Friday he was "sickened" by the dishonesty of U.S. President Donald Trump and people around him as portrayed in a report on Russia"s attempts to influence the 2016 election.
Top Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives and Senate on Friday rejected Attorney General William Barr"s proposal to allow them access to a less-redacted version of Special Counsel Robert Mueller"s Russia investigation report.
U.S. President Donald Trump"s personal lawyers spent at least 10 hours reviewing Special Counsel Robert Mueller"s report on Russian meddling in the 2016 election before it was made public, two of the lawyers told Reuters on Friday.
Attorney General William Barr could have buried Special Counsel Robert Mueller"s Russia report deep in the recesses of the U.S. Justice Department and simply told the public that President Donald Trump would not face criminal prosecution.
Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden plans to make a widely expected announcement of his candidacy for the presidency in a video on Wednesday, the Atlantic reported on Friday, citing sources close to Biden"s top aides.
Sitting on a working-class commercial strip in the shadows of an above-ground rail line, a group called Make the Road New York"s busy street-level offices are easy to miss. But its mission to support and advocate for immigrants is front and center.
U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee Chairman Jerrold Nadler is expected to issue a subpoena on Friday for Special Counsel Robert Mueller"s full Russia investigation report and underlying evidence, a source familiar with the matter said.
The Kremlin said on Friday

########
Rank: 21
Score: 83.46326
Retrieved Text: "I have fixed things, but I am no longer your 'fixer,' Mr. Trump." the president's former attorney told lawmakers.
Michael Cohen told a congressional committee on Wednesday that his former boss, President Donald Trump, is a con man and racist who regularly lied to the American people.
Read Cohen’s opening statement in full here.
Cohen pleaded guilty last year as part of special counsel Robert Mueller’s ongoing inquiry into Russian interference in the 2016 election, saying he lied to Congress about the extent of his conversations with a Russian real estate company during the campaign as part of the Trump Tower project. He also pleaded guilty to using campaign funds to silence two women who claimed they had extramarital affairs with Trump. He has been sentenced to three years in prison.
Cohen’s testimony, expected to continue through most of the day, represents a complete and dramatic break with his longtime employer, outlining a long history of dirty tactics used by Trump during his real estate career and in his bid to become president. Among other revelations, Cohen said Trump had been directly told by his longtime friend Roger Stone that WikiLeaks was preparing to release damaging information about Hillary Clinton, Trump’s Democratic rival in the presidential race.
Stone has denied the conversation happened, but was recently indicted on charges of lying to Congress and obstruction of an official proceeding.
Cohen provided several documents to back up his remarks, including a copy of a check signed by Trump to reimburse him for the hush money payments. Cohen said the document was signed after

########
Rank: 22
Score: 82.69279
Retrieved Text: President Donald Trump’s longtime personal attorney Michael Cohen is testifying before the House Oversight Committee today.
NHPR is airing uninterrupted NPR special coverage of Cohen's complete testimony. Click the "Listen Live" button at the top of this site to listen, or watch live video of the proceedings below.
Scroll down to read the text of Cohen's opening statement, obtained last night by news outlets including NPR.
A Senate committee has subpoenaed President Donald Trump's former personal lawyer Michael Cohen, his attorney said Thursday, and Cohen intends to comply with the interview demand related to the Russia investigation.
All four members of New Hampshire's Congressional delegation signed a letter to President Trump Tuesday opposing his plan to divert funding for a border wall.
In the letter the delegation says taking money from the Department of Defense to pay for a border wall could hurt two projects in and around the Granite State.
President Donald Trump will deliver a State of the Union address Tuesday night at approximately 9.
Watch the speech live at the scheduled time below, followed by the Democratic response by former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams.
The speech follows the longest shutdown in U.S. history, and the deadline to avoid another one is in less than two weeks.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 82.65356
Retrieved Text: A day after being accused of illegal conduct, a defiant President Donald Trump denied wrongdoing Wednesday and mocked his former personal attorney who implicated him in a hush money scheme designed to silence alleged ex-mistresses.
While he has praised Michael Cohen profusely in the past, Trump now says the lawyer who worked for him from 2007 until this year – a reputed “fixer” involved in many of the president’s business dealings – is now making up stories to protect himself.
“If anyone is looking for a good lawyer, I would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of Michael Cohen!” Trump said during a morning tweet storm.
Meanwhile, the attorney for Cohen said the president’s former lawyer is ready to provide testimony linking Trump to another case: Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election via hacked Democratic emails.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 82.650734
Retrieved Text: Michael Cohen, the longtime attorney of Donald Trump, has postponed his much-anticipated testimony before Congress in February. For justification, he left on Wednesday to tell his family that had become the object of “threats” by the President – a potentially explosive accusation. The opposition Democrats expressed prompt the suspicion that Trump may have been illegal to influence a witness would be guilty of.
Cohen’s congressional testimony are expected to be available with new explosive revelations about the President and the Trump group. Cohen’s own lawyer Lanny Davis said, but his client had to be “of his family and their safety is the first priority”. Until recently, there had been of Trump and his lawyer Rudy Giuliani outbound “threats” against the Cohen family.
should have been Of the nature of the threats, explained Davis. Trump countered, his former Intimus’m being threatened “solely on the truth”. The President has accused Cohen repeated, false statements to investigators, criminal let buy.
the Leading opposition representatives declared to Cohen’s rejection of “intimidate witnesses” and to scare their “family members”, represent the “typical Mafia tactics” and violated the laws. The democratic Committee Chairman, Elijah Cummings and Adam Schiff called on Trump, any activities to which disabled the “independent supervision of the government by the Congress”.
Donald Trump has, according to his lawyer, for much longer with a high-rise project in Moscow involved than previously acknowledged. The current US President led until October or November of 2016 with his former lawyer, Michael Cohen talks about the project, Trump said attorney Rudy Giuliani in the US channel NBC.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 82.43222
Retrieved Text: >> US President Donald Trump deriding his former long time fixer Michael Cohen for cooperating with federal investigators as the number of criminal probes circling Trump continues to mount. Remember, Michael Cohen only became a rat after the FBI did something which was absolutely unthinkable and unheard of until the witch hunt was illegally started, he tweeted on Sunday.
>> This is the top law enforcement officer in our system of government calling somebody who decides to tell the government the truth a rat. That's the language of a mobster, not of the president.>> Lanny Davis previously served as Michael Cohen's attorney, and on Sunday defended his former clients decision to plead guilty to numerous felonies, including lying to Congress about a Trump organization business deal in Moscow, and for his role in paying hush money meant to silence women who'd claimed they'd had sexual affairs with Trump.
>> He ended up lying and he's regretted it, and he's going to jail for it.>> A judge sentenced Cohen to three years in jail last week. Cohen said he made payoffs to women during the 2016 election at the direction of the president, which prosecutors say broke federal campaign finance laws.
>> He directed me to make the payments, he directed me to become involved in these matters.>> Donald Trump has not been charged.>> The president was clear that he directed no one to do anything wrong, particularly Michael Cohen, he's been clear on this. And I think we've seen that play out day in day out as we've all

########
Rank: 26
Score: 82.29246
Retrieved Text: This is the day Democrats and the fake news media have been waiting for.
A member of President Trump’s inner circle will stand before Congress and tell all.
And Donald Trump was left speechless when he found out what this traitor would testify to.
Disgraced former Trump attorney Michael Cohen is set to march off to prison in May.
But before he does hard time for previously lying to Congress, Cohen will seek to exact revenge on Trump by telling fairytales and more preposterous stories before Congress.
In addition, Cohen claimed Trump committed a crime while in office by reimbursing him for hush-money paid to Stormy Daniels for her alleged one night stand that took place in 2006.
“As Exhibit 5 to my testimony shows, I am providing a copy of a $35,000 check that President Trump personally signed from his personal bank 14 account on August 1, 2017 – when he was President of the United States – pursuant to the cover-up, which was the basis of my guilty plea, to reimburse me – the word used by Mr. Trump’s TV lawyer — for the illegal hush money I paid on his behalf. This $35,000 check was one of 11 check installments that was paid throughout the year – while he was President,” Cohen testified.
Cohen pled guilty to this payment as part of a scheme to avoid campaign finance reporting regulations.
However, there is serious doubt as to whether what Cohen pled guilty to is even a crime.
Only deranged liberals who hate Trump believe what he did was criminal.
If that is a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 82.061134
Retrieved Text: Michael Cohen — the former personal attorney to President Donald Trump who pleaded guilty to tax evasion, bank fraud and campaign finance violations — will not accept a pardon from Trump and is willing to share "all that he knows" about his former boss with the special counsel's team, his lawyer said.
“Not only is he not hoping for it, he would not accept a pardon,” Lanny Davis, Cohen’s attorney, said Wednesday on “Today” about his client. “He considers a pardon from someone who acted so corruptly as president to be something he would never accept."
Davis said his client wants “to tell the truth from now on” about Trump. He said Cohen had told him he felt Trump was "a scary person" who "sometimes acts mentally scary."
Davis also told MSNBC's Rachel Maddow on Tuesday night that Cohen "has knowledge on certain subjects that should be of interest” to Robert Mueller’s team, which is investigating Russian interference in the 2016 race. Cohen, Davis said, “is more than happy to tell the special counsel all that he knows, not just about the obvious possibility of a conspiracy to collude and corrupt the American Democracy system in the 2016 election ... but also knowledge about the computer crime of hacking and whether or not Mr. Trump knew ahead of time about that crime and even cheered it on."

########
Rank: 28
Score: 81.88642
Retrieved Text: The heat is rising on Trump’s fixer, Michael Cohen, to flip.
Donald Trump’s tenuous legal situation just was dealt a major blow, as the pressure is rising acutely on his personal attorney and “fixer,” Michael Cohen, to roll on Trump and cooperate with federal prosecutors.
Multiple media outlets report that Cohen is seeking new legal counsel. Specifically, the New York Times reported, “the issue is primarily over payment of the legal bills of one of his lawyers.” Meaning: Cohen apparently is running out of cash to pay his legal bills (as is Paul Manafort).
Notably, Trump’s disgraced former national security advisor and convicted felon, Michael “Misha” Flynn, started a legal defense fund to raise cash RIGHT BEFORE HE FLIPPED.
NBC’s Katy Tur reported that Michael Cohen “expects to be arrested soon.” Tur added that a source close to Cohen said, “his lawyers got a call from lawyers at SDNY saying they were preparing paperwork” to indict Cohen.
Some sources report that Cohen may be sending smoke signals to Trump via the media in an attempt to receive a pardon. However, presidential pardons do not apply to state crimes, albeit New York’s double-jeopardy rule currently prohibits state prosecutors from charging someone who pleads guilty or is convicted of a federal crime and then is pardoned by the president. Regardless, even if Trump pardons his “fixer” Cohen, then federal prosecutors can compel Cohen to testify AGAINST Trump, as Cohen no longer can invoke the Fifth Amendment, because there would be no risk of self-incrimination after a pardon.
If Cohen cuts a deal and rolls

########
Rank: 29
Score: 81.84009
Retrieved Text: The US president accused his former lawyer Michael Cohen of ‘making up stories’ to get a ‘great deal’ from prosecutors.
US President Donald Trump has dug in to his denials of wrongdoing as his White House struggled to manage the fallout from allegations that he orchestrated a campaign cover-up to buy the silence of two women who say they had affairs with him.
Mr Trump tweeted “NO COLLUSION – RIGGED WITCH HUNT!” – a reference to special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
And he accused his former lawyer Michael Cohen of “making up stories” to get a “great deal” from prosecutors.
The president, in a Fox & Friends interview that aired on Thursday and was taped the day before, downplayed his involvement with Cohen, who worked for him for a decade, saying he was just a “part-time attorney” who had many other clients.
He also suggested that Cohen’s legal trouble stemmed from his other businesses, including involvement with the New York City taxi cab industry, and that he decided to offer “lies” about Mr Trump to reduce his own legal exposure.
Used to the ever-present shadow of federal investigations, numbed West Wing staffers absorbed near-simultaneous announcements on Tuesday of the Cohen plea deal and the conviction of former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort on financial charges.
That Cohen was in trouble was no surprise – federal prosecutors raided his offices months ago – but Mr Trump and his allies were caught off-guard when he also pleaded guilty to campaign finance crimes, which, for the first time, took

================



======= Instance Index 2308 =========
Input Text: Context: Robin asked Remy for Alex's number. Alex didn´t want to talk to Remy and asked who had given Remy his number.

Question: What will happen to Robin?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: ashamed

B: punch Alex

C: apologize to Alex

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 81.71836
Retrieved Text: Frankie smiled softly as he held him close.
Jacen leaned his head on Frankie's chest, closing his eyes as he tried to relax.
"Will you be fine here?"
"What do you want?" Remy asked.
Frankie started to carry him downstairs.
"Yeah, Jasper is here is anything happens."
Jacen held onto Frankie tightly, leaning against him more.
Artemis smiled and nodded. "True..."
"Okay." Remy chuckled before getting up.
Julian smiled as he rubbed his stomach.
"I'll be back later, okay?"
Remy smiled at him before going out into the kitchen.
"I love you too." Frankie said with a soft smile.
Julian picked up a book as he waited.
Jacen smiled before starting to fall back asleep in Frankie's arms.
"Love you." Artemis smiled, hugging Alex tightly.
Remy came back soon after with Julian's food.
Alex smiled happily and kissed him softly.
Julian smiled as he took the offered bowl.
Jay slowly opened his eyes.
Artemis kissed him back before reluctantly letting go.
Remy smiled and sat back beside him.
Cody was half asleep, curled up against Jay, one arm around his friend.
Alex sighed but let him go.
Julian started on his food.
Artemis frowned at the sigh and kissed him again. "We shouldn't be gone too long."
"Good?" Remy asked as he watched him.
"I will." Artemis nodded, kissing Alex's head.
Julian kisses his cheek with a smile.
Artemis gave a small smile before turning and going to find Frankie.
Remy chuckled and carefully pulled Julian close.
Frankie was in the hallway with Jacen.
Julian smiled as he relaxed again.
Jay curled up sadly, wanting to know if Seth was ok.
Artemis smiled when he saw them, speaking quietly when he saw Jacen asleep. "Ready to go?"
Remy held Julian close,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 64.48137
Retrieved Text: Summary: The past defines us. The past is who we are. If no one knows your past do they really know you?
Spencer moved towards his front door, happy to be home. He’d been gone for two weeks. Two back to back cases without a night a home had run him ragged. His go bag was slung over his shoulder with his messenger bag over the other. He was tired and wanted to sleep for two days. He hadn’t heard from Remy and figured he was home but he couldn’t be sure. He stopped when he saw that the door was slightly ajar. He dropped his two bags to the floor silently and pulled his gun. He checked the safety and started forward. The ding of the elevator had him stopping and turning. Morgan was standing there with his phone in his hand. His eyes were wide at the sight of Spencer standing there with his gun drawn. Morgan pocketed the phone quickly and drew his own gun.
“What do we have?” Morgan asked in a whisper as he approached Spencer.
It took no time at all to clear the flat. There was no one there and the only signs that someone had been there was the utter disaster that was the bedroom and food plates in the kitchen.
“Oatmeal with blueberries, coffee, and bacon,” Spencer said as his heart twisted. There was only one reason that Remy hadn’t cleaned up after himself. He sighed. He wished that Morgan wasn’t there. It would have been easier to take care of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 64.02549
Retrieved Text: disappears before he can catch it.
now a baron, are also on the trail.
Bill and Huey, who ³is the key that opens the door to everywhere² (see iss. 3).
tunnels (X-Factor 10). She asks him if he blames Remy.
jewel disappears during the fight.
a sewer pipe, where he gets the jewel.
has stolen an adamantium stomach, which was supposed to go into Judge Buechler.
survive. They fight on top of a train to Jersey, then all jump off a bridge.
attempt while he was in prison.
his adamantium coils to Creed, and the jerk Buechler gets the stomach.
as well as rescuing Jean Luc and Tante Mattie as children.
past, leaving the Mengos to guard Sekmeht.
Doyle¹s Moriarty). He knows Jacques LeBeau.
Further Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix).
takes the Guild members captive.
past Courier, who reverts to his true form and is knocked out.
legends of Essex, with ghostly pale face, linked to the ancient Egyptian warlord.
newspaper that Essex, calling himself Milbury, is connected to the Black Womb.
It¹s a race to New York to investigate.
Duchess of Devonshire painting) to get his yacht and sail to New York.
Essex is operating under the alias of Dr. Milbury, obstetrician.
still interested in Courier in iss. 9?).
in her 5th Avenue mansion. In the entry hall, he is attacked by the Guild.
head with a flower pot.
tells Remy where to find her doctor, Milbury.
are mobbed by early Morlocks.
a jar and offers to make a deal with Remy.
Kingdom, then Candra shows up.
he gave to Sinister, but somehow he can¹t do it.
Remy needs her help in the past. She needs to go to Jean Luc.
and is told he

########
Rank: 3
Score: 61.95817
Retrieved Text: Danger-room session had gone fine, absolutely, if nothing else, it kept his mind focussed on what he was doing - instead of what he *wanted* to do. With only a skeleton crew present at the mansion, the place hadn't exactly been crowded. Deserted was more like it. He'd felt good after the workout, enjoyed the lingering feel of adrenalin. Yes... that had to be the explanation - he'd been high on adrenalin.
Bobby swallowed hard and tried to scold himself for sounding like a bad poet. The memory, though, the memory of Remy in the shower, naked... He really should have left at that point, instead of staring at the mesmerizing display in front of him.
Back turned to the door, muscular body relaxed. Wonderfully shaped shoulders, not too broad or bulky, tanned skin - equally tanned all over, as he couldn't help noticing. Pale scars here and there... Bobby couldn't move, couldn't close his eyes, as Remy began turning around, blinking water out of his eyes.
That's all Bobby saw, as he finally regained control of his body - well, more or less, and fled the room, not stopping until he'd closed his own door.
Another sigh escaped him as he stepped into the hot spray. Figures he'd go and fall for a guy who was 110% straight. Sure, Remy would flirt shamelessly with anything that had a pulse, but from there to actually doing anything that had a pulse, including Bobby, was an entirely different thing.
Deciding around lunchtime to allow his growling stomach to convince him that leaving

########
Rank: 4
Score: 61.88564
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Muay Thai and Kickboxing' started by Broadcast, Apr 7, 2019.
Remy Bonjasky requested 500k euro to fight Daniel Ghiță in Colosseum Tournament!
They are talking now on TV about the possible next opponents of Ghiță in Romania.
Why? He's one punch away from losing his vision and has been retired for years. Shouldn't Ghita persue active fighters?
Why? 500k i think. He did a fight against melvin one or two years ago for less. Let him cash, he should have earned it when he won the k1 4times.
Cause he is Remy Bonjasky. Who cares to see Ghita vs Gutto Inocente.
You didn't watch kickboxing 10 years ago ?
I think Guto would win that fight.
Do you know why Remy retired? He retired because if he gets hit wrong he may lose his eye sight. Maybe you don't care about the legends in the sport and are okay with him running that risk for a pointless fight but I'm not.
Mafanofe, BigBadKraken and Yodsanan like this.
This is barely worth a comment in the Euro news thread let alone it's own thread.
Retired fighter asks for a thing with 0% chance of happening.
I'll fight Ghita for 500k, in Colosseum Tournament, my backyard, his backyard or wherever.
Mafanofe, BigBadKraken, Setsuna and 1 other person like this.
Is 1 eye at danger or 2 ?
Well he is right. If they want him to come out of retirement, they need to pay him big bucks.
Moroșanu is a chicken and Daniel didn"t take it seriously until last weeks when he signed again with Dubar. Moroșanu was again on TV involved

########
Rank: 5
Score: 61.869797
Retrieved Text: Remy clip in hair extensions remy human hair extensions uk,Items 1 – 12 of 31 remy or remi hair is beautifully soft and shiny and will last much longer than standard european hair extensions,Remy hair extensions real human hair extensions uk,Welcome to hairxtensions co uk, we are uk based hair extension distributor which provides a wide collection of remy hair extensions, hair wefts and clip in sets,Lush hair extensions uk remy human hair extensions,Lush hair extensions uk: human hair extensions wavy clip in hair extensions that offer celebrity worthy hairstyles and all sourced from ethical suppliers.
Beauty works: award-winning human hair extensions hair,Award-winning human hair extensions by beauty works and clip in hair extensions, pre-bonded, weft and tape in hair extensions uk europe store,Remy hair extensions uk remi human hair clip in hairtrade,Products 1 – 9 of 9 discover high quality remy hair extensions online today from us search our collection of remi human hair weaves available in a range of,Secret hair extensions: remy hair extensions hair extensions uk,Secret hair extensions uk, luxury remy hair extensions, quality guarantee clip in hair extensions, tape in hair extensions, pre bonded hair, nano hair,Amazon co uk hair extensions,Online shopping for hair extensions from a great selection at beauty store 16 double weft clip in human hair extensions real remy hair full head 8.
Buy hair extensions ebay,100% real remy human hair extensions full head clip in best weft highlight uk l uk stock,18 20 22 black brown blonde diy curl,By cliphair: clip in human hair extensions,100% remy human hair extensions 10

########
Rank: 6
Score: 61.335045
Retrieved Text: Over the weekend, Cardi B and Nicki Minaj got into an altercation during New York Fashion Week. Since then, everyone has had on opinion on the incident, including Remy Ma, Nicki Minaj’s nemesis.
On the premiere of State of the Culture, alongside Joe Budden, Remy was asked her thoughts about what transpired between Cardi and Nicki. Remy pointed out that while neither Nicki or Cardi “connected” and a real altercation did not take place, people should not be surprised when Cardi B backs up the words that she has always said. Remy also warns that people should stop talking crazy due to the repercussions that come with it.
As far as what the future holds, Remy Ma says she doesn’t think another fight will take place.
There are going to be extra precautions taken so that these two don’t cross paths again.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 61.334923
Retrieved Text: Wendy Williams entered into the fresh beef between Azealia Banks and Remy Ma during the Hot Topics on Tuesday. It didn’t take very long for fans to realize on which side she was on.
Wendy stated that she has been trying to figure out for a really long time who is Azealia Banks and the audience began to howl.
Better when we’re together. XoXo.
The problem between Remy and Azealia started when the latter commented on Remy’s comments about the way that she sees rap. She said that rap has changed since she got released from prison back in 2014.
That’s when Azealia unleashed a furious rant and clapback on social media, and she claimed that Remy is not crucial to female rap and she’s nothing else than a reality star.
Remy responded to all this by posting screenshots of some texts that Azealia had sent her a while ago searching for advice regarding her private life and professional career as well.
The texts also showed that Azealia asked Remy details about vaginal rejuvenation. That was when Wendy suggested that Azealia is definitely selling her body for money.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 60.333458
Retrieved Text: Patrick was a runner and an accountant who worked out of his home in Houston. They were a perfect match- however reluctant Patrick was to take Remy in, in the first place.
It was a cloudy overcast day in March and the skies were opening to pour. Patrick had just started his run, when he noticed a small, gorgeous pointer puppy scratching at an industrial fence surrounding an abandoned factory downtown.
Patrick looked around for the puppy’s owner or his mother, but there was no one. It began to rain. First slowly and then came down in sheets. Patrick thought quickly. There was an opening in the fence, a few feet from where the puppy was trying to get through. Patrick scooped Remy up and squeezed through the small opening. Maybe he could take cover under the awning he saw across the factory yard. Remy cuddled into the crook of Patrick’s armpit.
The factory had ivy growing up the side of the brick. It was the kind of charming place that would make a great brewery or trendy advertising space, Patrick thought. He had never run on this side of town before, but found that by switching up his running spots, he learned more about the city and also got a better workout. The hills were different etc. Taking cover under the awning got him close enough to the shattered window of the place to see why no one wanted it. He smelled urine. He saw squatters. There were fires burning in old rusty trashcans strewn intermittingly across the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 60.236496
Retrieved Text: Remy crossed over the Rainbow Bridge early Sunday morning. He was in obvious distress and was ready to go. I know he's with my dad. I know he can run and chase small animals again. That gives me tons of comfort.
His passing has left a huge void in our lives. Our hearts are broken and only time will heal the hurt. One day when we think of Remy, we'll only smile and have happy memories. We had 13.5 wonderful years with him that we wouldn't trade for anything.
For now, I want to remember everything about him.
We wouldn't have had Remy in our lives if it wasn't for Naseem. She used to be a very picky eater and refused most food except for chicken nuggets, buttered noodles, raw carrots and mangoes. Omid made her a deal: Eat whatever was put in front of her for one month, and he would buy her a dog! It was hard for Nas, but she did it! We were all so excited. She thought she wanted a Bearded Collie, but after visiting the Rose City Dog Show, a Vizsla actually found us and the search was on for a breeder.
A year later, she finally got her puppy!
Remy loved oranges, blueberries and tomatoes. Every year we bought him his own cherry tomato plant. He'd check it everyday. He'd also check the neighbors tomato plants and blueberry bushes too.
Remy loved to go on our boat and dive off the back again and again (50 times in a row, no joke), he would get

########
Rank: 10
Score: 60.16606
Retrieved Text: Disney’s latest addition to its Cruise Line fleet, the Disney Dream, brings many new innovations. Perhaps one of the best of those is the addition of a second adult only restaurant, Remy.
Remy, unlike Palo, which still packs a punch and promises a great meal, takes dining on the high seas to a new height.
Inside the Gustav room at Remy.
It was on our way over to the States that I read in a cruise magazine that Remy is the highest priced dining option on any cruise ship. I already had high expectations of our meal there, but learning that only served to raise those expectations even more.
On the first afternoon we boarded the Dream, we went for a look around, filled with curiosity about what might be waiting for us. We found our way quickly up to Remy and were immediately impressed by what we found. It had a delightful atmosphere to it, refined, but not to the point where you’d feel uncomfortable here. We loved the Disney touches, particularly the subtle shape of Remy interwoven into some of the seating here.
We fell in love when we walked through the main dining area and into the Gustav Room, with its brightly coloured carpet, complete with a massive “G” in the fabric, and its stunning portraits of the Paris skyline. In here, you really are whisked away to the city of romance, and it’s as if you’re dining with a view of the Seine behind you. Immediately, we asked if we could be seated here for our dinner

########
Rank: 11
Score: 60.099785
Retrieved Text: Remy has no memories of his parents. Born in New Orleans with unusual eyes - red irises on black sclera - it was because of his unique eyes that he was snatched from the hospital shortly after birth. It was believed that he was the fulfillment of an ancient prophecy for the even older Thieves Guild.
In those early months, he was under the guardianship of a person known as the Antiquary. Jean-Luc LeBeau saw the child and could not abide the thought of him being raised a relative slave. LeBeau struck a bargain with the Antiquary to free Remy. He was placed into the care of fellow Thieves' Guild member Fagan's group of child-thieves to grow.
Existing on the streets is a tough life and worse for a child. Remy showed his instincts were strong and he was a survivor. He was determined to make his way, humble though it was. Eating from discarded meals and scraps, ducking out of sight to avoid the tougher gangs that beat up the smaller and weaker. He watched other members of the Thieves' Guild as they picket pockets and robbed to get their ill gotten gain. Learning from an early age the laws of the street, he also turned to picking pockets though he was no instant success. Once he perfected his techniques, he was able to carve out a living for the next several years.
When ten, Remy crossed paths with Jean-Luc LeBeau once again - he tried to pick the man's pocket. He almost succeed and it was from

########
Rank: 12
Score: 59.84507
Retrieved Text: At Headcorn, the airfield where I learnt to skydive many years ago, I picked up the nickname ‘Special Branch’ on my second jump. This was earned after I landed in a tree on an otherwise empty dropzone — a feat of accuracy I was unaware of at the time.
2. I focused on the object I needed to avoid.
Fear is part of being human, it’s a necessary function that keeps us safe. The problem occurs when we run at the same heightened level of fear for all situations. For example, it’s good to have the tension of fear when jumping out of a perfectly good aeroplane; when you lose that fear you are most at risk. It’s also important to have perspective, to assess the level of fear for the situation you are in.
1. Does this level of fear and (fill in the gap) match the situation?
2. What’s the worst that could happen?
3. What am I really afraid of?
I had this conversation with one of my clients Remy*. Remy desperately wanted his team to step up, and he would regularly complain about the lack of leadership, ownership and knowledge that his team showed. Some days he would smile indulgently when he spoke about the dependency his team had on him. Other days he would say the same sentence with frustration, anger and blame.
Remy described himself as the linchpin of the department, without him it would all fall apart. He only saw obstacles and focused on them. Some of these were valid and some were created and viewed

########
Rank: 13
Score: 59.206814
Retrieved Text: When Remy Ma and Papoose stopped by The Wendy Williams Show on Friday (Sept. 28) to promote their upcoming VH1 special Meet The Mackies, things took a unexpected turn when Williams asked Remy about her current situation with Nicki Minaj and Cardi B.
According to the Terror Squad femcee, there is no beef. "It’s no relationship," she said, despite the 2017 release of the Minaj-aimed diss track "shETHER." "I don’t harbor any ill feelings or wish bad on her."
As for her relationship with Cardi B, Remy reveals that the foundation is based on encouragement and professionalism. "When we usually speak, it’s not like a whole gossip thing or whatever,” she said. "It’s usually always words of encouragement....I don’t think either one of us really dwells on the negative stuff. So much positive things is going on in both of our lives right now that we have way more positive than negative to talk about."
Remy Ma recently came to Cardi B's defense during Revolt TV's inaugural episode of State of The Culture with Joe Budden. “She’s been Cardi B, the b***h from the Bronx, for 25 years. She’s been Cardi B, the b***h with the No. 1 record for one year," she started, referring to the now-infamous fashion week altercation that took place between the two New York rappers. "Sometimes people put these unrealistic expectations [on you] because you make a certain amount of money."

########
Rank: 14
Score: 59.19022
Retrieved Text: By ReasonTV Remy prepares summer travelers for groping season. “The Longest Time” parody written and performed by Remy. Background vocals and Mastering by Ben Karlstrom….
By Benny Wills “Bill Lost His Memory” is a poem about political and spiritual awakening. Written and performed by Benny Wills of The Joy Camp….
Have You Asked Your Doctor About Voting?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 59.065872
Retrieved Text: The library contains 287 stories by 106 authors, 1267 chapters total.
To set a trap for the Witness, a secret agency resurrects Rogue.
Gambit is addicted - to the Internet!
In the South, an abused housewife�s life is changed forever when a drifter comes into town.
In the AoA, Magneto rescues Gambit from certain death and recruits him to fight for the Dream.
After Gambit leaves New Orleans, he makes his way to a small town by the name of Millstone, Arizona .
When Mercy LeBeau comes to deliver some news to Gambit, she falls in lust with Iceman and chaos ensues.
When Gambit kisses Jean, she feels confused and more than a little guilty.
Cable comes to terms with Gambit as leader.
Rogue has to deal with the consequences of the trial as well as her own slide into insanity.
Gambit takes on an apprentice, Azimuth, who becomes more to him than he ever imagined, but Sinister has a sick interest in the couple.
Gambit tells Rogue how he escaped Antarctica and its consequences.
A Princess is held prisoner in a tower and only a thief can save her.
Finding himself in a strange prison, Remy attempts to piece together what has happened.
Wolverine misjudges Gambit, leading to tragedy.
When Cecilia and Beast are kidnapped, it is up to Gambit and Marrow to save them.
Sinister�s manipulations affect Gambit and Rogue�s newfound happiness.
It�s the 1940�s and Detective Summers is hired to look for a man called Remy White, but ends up finding a great deal of trouble.
When Sabine, an assassin for a mysterious foundation, falls out of favor with the powers

########
Rank: 16
Score: 58.884773
Retrieved Text: Meet Gus, (one of my best friend from college) who is sitting on the seat left to me and I am sitting in the window seat (I mean Remy..:P). We are discussing the title of my new website project which we need to complete this month.
Remy: Gus, what do you think would be a good title for an online bookstore website?
Leslie: I saw your work. You are really doing a great job. I wish I could be part of your team.
Leslie: Umm…how Pustak (a Hindi version for a book).
Guster: Add “On Click” to it that’s making it an online version.
Remy: That’s a great idea I have got my name – “Pustak On Click” 😊. Thanks, Gus and Les.
Moon: Hi Remy!! Howzz life going?
Remy: [Frustrated] Moon don’t you see I am working. DON’T DISTURB ME (without even a Please).
Moon: Ok Ok. Take care buddy (what else a good friend can do).
Buzz: So today I wanted to share a story of my friend who has really done a commendable job in completing his work so efficiently and look at us just ruin around the things and not taking our project work seriously. (he is referring to the website that I made and doing it over to make the teacher feel embarrassed he’s just a Being Buzz 😊). We all should really learn from him that you can do anything if you truly believe in it. (I think he should stop by now what do u think?).
But that’s a big NO then he called me up on stage and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 57.914783
Retrieved Text: Home / Minque Hair Frequently Asked Questions / What type of hair do you use?
All of our hair extensions are 100% Remy Human Hair, of the highest quality. This allows them to be treated like your natural hair and it gives them a much longer life span. Remy Human Hair blends seamlessly with your natural hair and remains soft, silky and healthy when cared for correctly.
By using remy hair extensions you can be assured that your hair extensions will feel and look like your natural hair, but can also be washed without changing the quality and styled with heat tools.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 57.76651
Retrieved Text: Apparently Remy Ma's "Shether" has been snatched off of SoundCloud and the radio, and the Plata O Plomo artist isn't even allowed to perform the song anymore. Nas wants you to know that he had nothing to do with the move.
TMZ reports people close to Nas say the Illmatic artist has no problem with Remy using his "Ether" beat to diss Nicki Minaj. They claim that Nas would never interfere with a good old fashioned rap battle. Apparently Esco is pointing the finger at Universal for getting the track pulled, as they actually own the song.
"Ether" is a Jay Z diss song Nas dropped over 15 years ago on his album Stillmatic, a project that was released on Universal. The record label reportedly made their moves to ensure Remy won't profit off "Shether" after it became the second most downloaded song on iTunes.
While this might sting fans of the song, "Shether" apparently isn't even a track that Remy is proud of. She said as much during a recent Facebook Live interview on Buzzfeed's Another Round podcast.
“It just bothers me that this record that I put out where it’s literally picking apart a female went so viral, and every media outlet wants to talk about it and pick it up; I feel like we could’ve done the same thing working together,” she said on the podcast.
If Remy isn't feeling "Shether" so much these days, maybe she'll be more up to taking on Nicki's recent challenge. Earlier today (March 10), The Pinkprint artist basically bet $500,000 that Remy

########
Rank: 19
Score: 57.684814
Retrieved Text: “Already took a L, now you got another one/I secure the bag, now I got another one/I caught the W, now I got another one," Remy rapped. "[...] Heard you callin&apos; everyone/Not callin&apos; back, &apos;cause I got another one/Heard you was kiddin&apos;, sayin&apos; I ain&apos;t havin&apos; none/But that&apos;s okay baby, &apos;cause now you my son."
Clearily, the Bronx rapper got too tired waiting for Nicki’s response.
The follow-up wasn’t necessarily surprising, as there were already rumors that Remy had another diss track up her sleeve; however, this new cut definitely had social media torn. Some thought Remy KO’d Nicki with the new track, while others were disappointed with the bars. Some even thought “Another One” was flat out unnecessary.
You can check out some of the Twitter responses below.
Hot97 just played Remy Ma new diss and Nicki is dead .
only thing i&apos;m gonna say about this Remy Ma diss song is.... she should&apos;ve stopped after Shether.
Flex wins, people really tuned into to hear Remy Ma diss Minaj, Incredible.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 57.220497
Retrieved Text: What does he not want her to see?
Bless her heart, Remy Ma done accidentally started World War III by telling Lil’ Mo about Karl’s Instagram. Tons of people use Instagram, but considering the history Lil’ Mo and Karl have with social media and infidelity, this might as well be an Ashley Madison account.
At a rare boxing press appearance, Remy tells Mo that she’s glad she saw Karl promoting this event on Instagram because otherwise she and Papoose would have missed it. Mo, who made Karl delete his Instagram a few weeks ago, couldn’t understand what account Remy was talking about. When they pulled up the account, not only was it Karl’s, but he actually had BLOCKED his own wife from seeing it. Remy looked at Mo and said “G2g girl, don’t pop off, BYE!” and that meant there was only one thing for Mo to do: go off. She hopped into the ring to let Karl have a piece of her mind. Slight problem, all of his boxing has taught Karl to be quick on his feet and he dodged Mo before she could square up. That didn’t make her less frustrated, so she just took her anger over to Snoop, who knew Karl had this secret boxing IG account but didn’t say anything. Mo stormed out of the event, Karl didn’t follow her, but if we know anything, it’s that this fight certainly isn’t over. It’s a tough week to be married on Love & Hip Hop.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 57.164684
Retrieved Text: Last week I got dressed! I mean, I actually put on a dress, heels, a red lip, and attempted a hairstyle other than a sloppy top knot. No elastic waistband! This post sort of reminded me of one I had done last year called Two Hour Dress, because here I am again, in the thick of breastfeeding every 2-3 hours, and fumbling through a full closet but nothing to wear. If you thought getting dressed in the morning was tough, throw in a postpartum bod and the need to be able to expose your bosoms to breastfeed. This is another one of those two hour dresses. I had just enough time to feed her, get us all ready and to our destination, enjoy our morning a bit and drive home just in time to strip down to my skivvies and feed a ravenous baby again. In fact, she didn't quite make it home. We were a few blocks away when the fussing turned into crying.
I decided to take the girls on a mini adventure downtown to The Source, which is about to celebrate their 1 year anniversary! The ironic thing is, last year, around this same time, husband and I had visited The Source for the first time with Remy when she was about 6 months old! So here I am, a year later, this time with a 17 month old, PLUS a 6 week old on my hips, or in a stroller.
I was recently introduced to Daren Nkomo, a really talented photographer who so kindly

########
Rank: 22
Score: 57.08229
Retrieved Text: Chapter 94 - ГЛАВА 94.
Сент-Джеймсский парк - это зеленый островок в самом центре Лондона, расположенный неподалеку от Вестминстерского и Букингемского дворцов. Теперь он открыт для всех желающих, но некогда король Генрих VIII обнес парк изгородью и развел там оленей, на которых охотился вместе с придворными. В теплые солнечные дни лондонцы устраивают пикники прямо под раскидистыми ивами и кормят пеликанов, обитающих в пруду. Кстати, дальние предки этих пеликанов некогда были подарены Карлу II русским послом.
The Teacher saw no pelicans today. The stormy weather had brought instead seagulls from the ocean. The lawns were covered with them-hundreds of white bodies all facing the same direction, patiently riding out the damp wind. Despite the morning fog, the park afforded splendid views of the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. Gazing across the sloping lawns, past the duck pond and the delicate silhouettes of the weeping willows, the Teacher could see the spires of the building that housed the knight's tomb-the real reason he had told Remy to come to this spot.
As the Teacher approached the front passenger door of the parked limousine, Remy leaned across and opened the door. The Teacher paused outside, taking a pull from the flask of cognac he was carrying. Then, dabbing his mouth, he slid in beside Remy and closed the door.
Remy held up the keystone like a trophy.
- Ты прекрасно справился, - сказал Учитель.
"We have done well," Remy replied, laying the keystone in the Teacher's eager hands.
- Мы справились вместе! - поправил его Реми. И передал камень Учителю.
The Teacher admired it a long

########
Rank: 23
Score: 56.722126
Retrieved Text: If you can't find the stock wig photo what you want, You can talk with our sales representatives by instant messenger/by email, our sales representatives can take photos for you.
Does the straight hair wave up when being wet?
Yaki texture is process we do to your wig that adds a micro kink to the hair strands to mimic Africa-American people relaxed hair.
The silky straight hair texture is the natural state of the Indian Hair as it comes from the donor. It is look like the wig of ofay. If you are Caucasian,we recommend you choose silky texture.
Virgin hair is 100% natural and not under process which may cause any damage to the cuticle. We make the virgin remy hair run in one direction with natural look and avoid of tangling. Our virgin hair is all remy, which is soft, natural looking and long-life used. We trust that our virgin remy hair will satisfy you.
What is the difference between Indian Remy and Chinese Remy Hair?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 56.6816
Retrieved Text: Through the lace wigs inception, types of hair were limited to only a few textures. These days, there are a myriad of remy tresses choices for all ethnicities as well as backgrounds. These added choices make having a lace hairpiece even more exciting as you change yourself into a style chameleon.
Remy is curly hair which the cuticle is dealing with the direction in which this grew. There are many different categories which remy can full below and each one varies greatly. The greatest of quality for human being hair is virgin. This particular malaysian deep curly hair is unprocessed and also was cut in the path it originally grew within. Not all remy hair is actually virgin. Once virgin frizzy hair is chemically processed or even colored, it simply becomes remy and is no longer virgin.
The phrase malaysian hair wigs itself is often taken advantage of today in the industry to attract those interested in lace wigs. Some remy is prepared with harsh chemicals after becoming collected from mass locks collectors in China along with other Asian countries. Only the finest associated with remy hair is gathered by a single collector who else extracts the hair directly from the actual donor being careful regarding damaging the cuticle.
Indian remy is the most well-known and produced malaysian wavy hair. Indian remy come in a variety of colors and measures. Since most Indian's possess very dark colored tresses, tresses marketed as virgin cuticle hair should also be the exact same color.
Indian texture is really popular because it is versatile

########
Rank: 25
Score: 56.632755
Retrieved Text: ALAN SHEARER fears that wearing the famous black and white stripes of Newcastle no longer has the same value after Loic Remy chose to sign for QPR instead.
The Toon legend is worried that the next two weeks could turn his former club into genuine relegation candidates unless they find somebody to fill the shirt vacated by striker Demba Ba’s move to Chelsea.
After the promise of playing in front of full houses at St James’s Park proved insufficient to lure France striker Remy to the club, Shearer was asked whether the prospect of wearing the famous shirt still held the same allure.
“I have to say I do find it hard to say he chose QPR over Newcastle," said Shearer. “Anybody can choose what they want and I am going to be biased. I will tell you what a great football club it is.
“But it is a tough one for the fans to see Remy so close and then choose QPR. Harry will tell you a different story but I would have a good guess that financial things had a part to play.
“I am sure that hurts Newcastle fans. Even with Ba, it is something to see their top scorer leave in the way he did. It is disappointing.
“Why he did it, you’ll have to ask him. But it’s left Newcastle with a huge gap to fill. The manager has tried to do that. Hopefully, they will have a plan B and a plan C. They are desperately in need of players.
“I still believe they are too good

########
Rank: 26
Score: 56.60547
Retrieved Text: Remy, a precocious shih tzu, playfully walked toward a smiling Father Adam Droll and promptly relieved himself on the priest’s black cassock.
“Are you telling me I need to do the dry cleaning?” Droll, parochial vicar at Holy Family Catholic Church gently asked, still smiling.
Remy quickly got a blessing from Droll, who repeated the blessing to all the dogs gathered in front of Suite Life Pet Resort and Spa Saturday morning. Once Droll had bless about a dozen dogs that owners brought for the special occasion, Droll blessed another 30-plus dogs who were being boarded.
The Blessing of the Animals is a rite in the Catholic Church, and many others, that is held each year in observance of the Oct. 4 Feast Day of St. Francis, the patron saint of animals.
Droll gave a short homily and concluded with a prayer for all creation.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 56.547806
Retrieved Text: Memes, The Interview, and Fictional: Ebro Addresses Nicki Minaj Rumor On Hot 97: "I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Woman" @balleralert Ebro Addresses Nicki Minaj Rumor On Hot 97: "I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Woman" -blogged by @BenitaShae ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Since RemyMa dropped her NickiMinaj diss track " ShETHER" everyone is wondering what's fiction and what's fact. Remy Ma insinuated that Hot97 radio personality EbroDarden once hooked up with Nicki and Ebro has finally set the record straight. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ On Sunday morning, Ebro took to Twitter to address Remy's line and claimed she was lying about him sleeping with Nicki. And on Monday morning, Ebro told his side, in detail, on-air during his Hot 97 radio show "Ebro in the Morning" with Peter Rosenberg. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Rosenberg cut to the chase and asked if the allegations were true or false. "I did not have sexual relations with that woman in any way, shape, or for." Ebro said. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Ebro explained his friendship with Nicki. He said he met her years ago through DJKaySlay and they kicked it "several times" over the years but they have never been intimate. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ "I’ve never been alone with Nicki Minaj," Ebro said. "Ever. At a bar or with her friends or management. It was always work." ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Ebro also explained why he chose to respond to Remy via Twitter. "I knew that it would make Nicki feel better," he said. "I knew that it would make me feel better. It would

########
Rank: 28
Score: 56.36919
Retrieved Text: Gambit has been part of the game from pretty early on, appearing in the opening box text for the first session. He didn’t feature prominently, but there is a good chance we’ll be seeing him again. As always, There isn’t going to be anything posted below that you can’t find on http://earth-592.robjustice.net.
Abandoned at birth due to his burning red eyes, the child who would one day become Remy LeBeau was kidnapped from his hospital ward by members of the New Orleans Thieves Guild who referred to the child as “le diable blanc” – the white devil. They believed he was the child that had been prophesied to unite the warring Guilds.
As part of a peace pact between the Guild and their rivals a marriage was arranged between Remy and Bella Donna Boudreaux, the granddaughter of the head of a rival Guild. However, Bella Donna’s brother Julien objected to the marriage and challenged Gambit to a duel. Remy killed Julien in self-defense, but was excommunicated and banished from New Orleans in an attempt to maintain the non-aggression pact between the two guilds.
Remy wandered the world as he plied his skills as a master thief, aided by his mutant power to charge objects with explosive energy. He employed playing cards he charged with kinetic energy as his trademark weapon. Eventually, Remy encountered Storm, a member of a team of mutant adventurers known as the X-Men. Storm sponsored Remy’s admission into the X-Men. After a year of mistrust and threats, Remy left the X-Men and set out on his

########
Rank: 29
Score: 56.007996
Retrieved Text: Though the study to determine the future of Thayer Street’s infrastructure is still being developed, other changes centering around security and regulation in the area are now or may soon be in effect.
The Thayer Street District Management Authority held a meeting in June attended by many safety officers, including representatives from the Department of Public Safety and Providence Police, said Robin Remy, the group’s executive director. Statistically, trends reveal a spike in crime-related incidents during the summer and early fall months, she said, and “the Providence Police absolutely agreed there is a crime increase.” Recently, there has been evidence of gang activity on Thayer, Remy said, citing incidents of gang-related graffiti.
Safety concerns surrounding the summer and early fall months were raised again at the TSDMA’s July meeting, Remy said. Consequently, the police agreed to increase their presence in the area, and the TSDMA hired a two-man police detail to patrol every Thursday, Friday and Saturday evening through the end of September, Remy said. They began these patrols on the first weekend of August, and there are not currently plans to extend this protocol past the end of September due to budgetary restrictions, she added.
To improve security in the future, the TSDMA is considering installing surveillance cameras on Thayer Street. They are “really helpful in determining who did what” when investigating an incident, Remy said. If installed, these cameras would be publicized to “create a more visible presence,” she said, adding that the TSDMA also wants to encourage local entities to do a better job of self-monitoring.
The

================



======= Instance Index 15735 =========
Input Text: Context: Robin asked Remy for Alex's number. Alex didn´t want to talk to Remy and asked who had given Remy his number.

Question: What will happen to Robin?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: embarrassed

B: ashamed

C: be in trouble with Alex

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 81.71836
Retrieved Text: Frankie smiled softly as he held him close.
Jacen leaned his head on Frankie's chest, closing his eyes as he tried to relax.
"Will you be fine here?"
"What do you want?" Remy asked.
Frankie started to carry him downstairs.
"Yeah, Jasper is here is anything happens."
Jacen held onto Frankie tightly, leaning against him more.
Artemis smiled and nodded. "True..."
"Okay." Remy chuckled before getting up.
Julian smiled as he rubbed his stomach.
"I'll be back later, okay?"
Remy smiled at him before going out into the kitchen.
"I love you too." Frankie said with a soft smile.
Julian picked up a book as he waited.
Jacen smiled before starting to fall back asleep in Frankie's arms.
"Love you." Artemis smiled, hugging Alex tightly.
Remy came back soon after with Julian's food.
Alex smiled happily and kissed him softly.
Julian smiled as he took the offered bowl.
Jay slowly opened his eyes.
Artemis kissed him back before reluctantly letting go.
Remy smiled and sat back beside him.
Cody was half asleep, curled up against Jay, one arm around his friend.
Alex sighed but let him go.
Julian started on his food.
Artemis frowned at the sigh and kissed him again. "We shouldn't be gone too long."
"Good?" Remy asked as he watched him.
"I will." Artemis nodded, kissing Alex's head.
Julian kisses his cheek with a smile.
Artemis gave a small smile before turning and going to find Frankie.
Remy chuckled and carefully pulled Julian close.
Frankie was in the hallway with Jacen.
Julian smiled as he relaxed again.
Jay curled up sadly, wanting to know if Seth was ok.
Artemis smiled when he saw them, speaking quietly when he saw Jacen asleep. "Ready to go?"
Remy held Julian close,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 64.48137
Retrieved Text: Summary: The past defines us. The past is who we are. If no one knows your past do they really know you?
Spencer moved towards his front door, happy to be home. He’d been gone for two weeks. Two back to back cases without a night a home had run him ragged. His go bag was slung over his shoulder with his messenger bag over the other. He was tired and wanted to sleep for two days. He hadn’t heard from Remy and figured he was home but he couldn’t be sure. He stopped when he saw that the door was slightly ajar. He dropped his two bags to the floor silently and pulled his gun. He checked the safety and started forward. The ding of the elevator had him stopping and turning. Morgan was standing there with his phone in his hand. His eyes were wide at the sight of Spencer standing there with his gun drawn. Morgan pocketed the phone quickly and drew his own gun.
“What do we have?” Morgan asked in a whisper as he approached Spencer.
It took no time at all to clear the flat. There was no one there and the only signs that someone had been there was the utter disaster that was the bedroom and food plates in the kitchen.
“Oatmeal with blueberries, coffee, and bacon,” Spencer said as his heart twisted. There was only one reason that Remy hadn’t cleaned up after himself. He sighed. He wished that Morgan wasn’t there. It would have been easier to take care of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 64.02549
Retrieved Text: disappears before he can catch it.
now a baron, are also on the trail.
Bill and Huey, who ³is the key that opens the door to everywhere² (see iss. 3).
tunnels (X-Factor 10). She asks him if he blames Remy.
jewel disappears during the fight.
a sewer pipe, where he gets the jewel.
has stolen an adamantium stomach, which was supposed to go into Judge Buechler.
survive. They fight on top of a train to Jersey, then all jump off a bridge.
attempt while he was in prison.
his adamantium coils to Creed, and the jerk Buechler gets the stomach.
as well as rescuing Jean Luc and Tante Mattie as children.
past, leaving the Mengos to guard Sekmeht.
Doyle¹s Moriarty). He knows Jacques LeBeau.
Further Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix).
takes the Guild members captive.
past Courier, who reverts to his true form and is knocked out.
legends of Essex, with ghostly pale face, linked to the ancient Egyptian warlord.
newspaper that Essex, calling himself Milbury, is connected to the Black Womb.
It¹s a race to New York to investigate.
Duchess of Devonshire painting) to get his yacht and sail to New York.
Essex is operating under the alias of Dr. Milbury, obstetrician.
still interested in Courier in iss. 9?).
in her 5th Avenue mansion. In the entry hall, he is attacked by the Guild.
head with a flower pot.
tells Remy where to find her doctor, Milbury.
are mobbed by early Morlocks.
a jar and offers to make a deal with Remy.
Kingdom, then Candra shows up.
he gave to Sinister, but somehow he can¹t do it.
Remy needs her help in the past. She needs to go to Jean Luc.
and is told he

########
Rank: 3
Score: 61.95817
Retrieved Text: Danger-room session had gone fine, absolutely, if nothing else, it kept his mind focussed on what he was doing - instead of what he *wanted* to do. With only a skeleton crew present at the mansion, the place hadn't exactly been crowded. Deserted was more like it. He'd felt good after the workout, enjoyed the lingering feel of adrenalin. Yes... that had to be the explanation - he'd been high on adrenalin.
Bobby swallowed hard and tried to scold himself for sounding like a bad poet. The memory, though, the memory of Remy in the shower, naked... He really should have left at that point, instead of staring at the mesmerizing display in front of him.
Back turned to the door, muscular body relaxed. Wonderfully shaped shoulders, not too broad or bulky, tanned skin - equally tanned all over, as he couldn't help noticing. Pale scars here and there... Bobby couldn't move, couldn't close his eyes, as Remy began turning around, blinking water out of his eyes.
That's all Bobby saw, as he finally regained control of his body - well, more or less, and fled the room, not stopping until he'd closed his own door.
Another sigh escaped him as he stepped into the hot spray. Figures he'd go and fall for a guy who was 110% straight. Sure, Remy would flirt shamelessly with anything that had a pulse, but from there to actually doing anything that had a pulse, including Bobby, was an entirely different thing.
Deciding around lunchtime to allow his growling stomach to convince him that leaving

########
Rank: 4
Score: 61.88564
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Muay Thai and Kickboxing' started by Broadcast, Apr 7, 2019.
Remy Bonjasky requested 500k euro to fight Daniel Ghiță in Colosseum Tournament!
They are talking now on TV about the possible next opponents of Ghiță in Romania.
Why? He's one punch away from losing his vision and has been retired for years. Shouldn't Ghita persue active fighters?
Why? 500k i think. He did a fight against melvin one or two years ago for less. Let him cash, he should have earned it when he won the k1 4times.
Cause he is Remy Bonjasky. Who cares to see Ghita vs Gutto Inocente.
You didn't watch kickboxing 10 years ago ?
I think Guto would win that fight.
Do you know why Remy retired? He retired because if he gets hit wrong he may lose his eye sight. Maybe you don't care about the legends in the sport and are okay with him running that risk for a pointless fight but I'm not.
Mafanofe, BigBadKraken and Yodsanan like this.
This is barely worth a comment in the Euro news thread let alone it's own thread.
Retired fighter asks for a thing with 0% chance of happening.
I'll fight Ghita for 500k, in Colosseum Tournament, my backyard, his backyard or wherever.
Mafanofe, BigBadKraken, Setsuna and 1 other person like this.
Is 1 eye at danger or 2 ?
Well he is right. If they want him to come out of retirement, they need to pay him big bucks.
Moroșanu is a chicken and Daniel didn"t take it seriously until last weeks when he signed again with Dubar. Moroșanu was again on TV involved

########
Rank: 5
Score: 61.869797
Retrieved Text: Remy clip in hair extensions remy human hair extensions uk,Items 1 – 12 of 31 remy or remi hair is beautifully soft and shiny and will last much longer than standard european hair extensions,Remy hair extensions real human hair extensions uk,Welcome to hairxtensions co uk, we are uk based hair extension distributor which provides a wide collection of remy hair extensions, hair wefts and clip in sets,Lush hair extensions uk remy human hair extensions,Lush hair extensions uk: human hair extensions wavy clip in hair extensions that offer celebrity worthy hairstyles and all sourced from ethical suppliers.
Beauty works: award-winning human hair extensions hair,Award-winning human hair extensions by beauty works and clip in hair extensions, pre-bonded, weft and tape in hair extensions uk europe store,Remy hair extensions uk remi human hair clip in hairtrade,Products 1 – 9 of 9 discover high quality remy hair extensions online today from us search our collection of remi human hair weaves available in a range of,Secret hair extensions: remy hair extensions hair extensions uk,Secret hair extensions uk, luxury remy hair extensions, quality guarantee clip in hair extensions, tape in hair extensions, pre bonded hair, nano hair,Amazon co uk hair extensions,Online shopping for hair extensions from a great selection at beauty store 16 double weft clip in human hair extensions real remy hair full head 8.
Buy hair extensions ebay,100% real remy human hair extensions full head clip in best weft highlight uk l uk stock,18 20 22 black brown blonde diy curl,By cliphair: clip in human hair extensions,100% remy human hair extensions 10

########
Rank: 6
Score: 61.335045
Retrieved Text: Over the weekend, Cardi B and Nicki Minaj got into an altercation during New York Fashion Week. Since then, everyone has had on opinion on the incident, including Remy Ma, Nicki Minaj’s nemesis.
On the premiere of State of the Culture, alongside Joe Budden, Remy was asked her thoughts about what transpired between Cardi and Nicki. Remy pointed out that while neither Nicki or Cardi “connected” and a real altercation did not take place, people should not be surprised when Cardi B backs up the words that she has always said. Remy also warns that people should stop talking crazy due to the repercussions that come with it.
As far as what the future holds, Remy Ma says she doesn’t think another fight will take place.
There are going to be extra precautions taken so that these two don’t cross paths again.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 61.334923
Retrieved Text: Wendy Williams entered into the fresh beef between Azealia Banks and Remy Ma during the Hot Topics on Tuesday. It didn’t take very long for fans to realize on which side she was on.
Wendy stated that she has been trying to figure out for a really long time who is Azealia Banks and the audience began to howl.
Better when we’re together. XoXo.
The problem between Remy and Azealia started when the latter commented on Remy’s comments about the way that she sees rap. She said that rap has changed since she got released from prison back in 2014.
That’s when Azealia unleashed a furious rant and clapback on social media, and she claimed that Remy is not crucial to female rap and she’s nothing else than a reality star.
Remy responded to all this by posting screenshots of some texts that Azealia had sent her a while ago searching for advice regarding her private life and professional career as well.
The texts also showed that Azealia asked Remy details about vaginal rejuvenation. That was when Wendy suggested that Azealia is definitely selling her body for money.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 60.333458
Retrieved Text: Patrick was a runner and an accountant who worked out of his home in Houston. They were a perfect match- however reluctant Patrick was to take Remy in, in the first place.
It was a cloudy overcast day in March and the skies were opening to pour. Patrick had just started his run, when he noticed a small, gorgeous pointer puppy scratching at an industrial fence surrounding an abandoned factory downtown.
Patrick looked around for the puppy’s owner or his mother, but there was no one. It began to rain. First slowly and then came down in sheets. Patrick thought quickly. There was an opening in the fence, a few feet from where the puppy was trying to get through. Patrick scooped Remy up and squeezed through the small opening. Maybe he could take cover under the awning he saw across the factory yard. Remy cuddled into the crook of Patrick’s armpit.
The factory had ivy growing up the side of the brick. It was the kind of charming place that would make a great brewery or trendy advertising space, Patrick thought. He had never run on this side of town before, but found that by switching up his running spots, he learned more about the city and also got a better workout. The hills were different etc. Taking cover under the awning got him close enough to the shattered window of the place to see why no one wanted it. He smelled urine. He saw squatters. There were fires burning in old rusty trashcans strewn intermittingly across the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 60.236496
Retrieved Text: Remy crossed over the Rainbow Bridge early Sunday morning. He was in obvious distress and was ready to go. I know he's with my dad. I know he can run and chase small animals again. That gives me tons of comfort.
His passing has left a huge void in our lives. Our hearts are broken and only time will heal the hurt. One day when we think of Remy, we'll only smile and have happy memories. We had 13.5 wonderful years with him that we wouldn't trade for anything.
For now, I want to remember everything about him.
We wouldn't have had Remy in our lives if it wasn't for Naseem. She used to be a very picky eater and refused most food except for chicken nuggets, buttered noodles, raw carrots and mangoes. Omid made her a deal: Eat whatever was put in front of her for one month, and he would buy her a dog! It was hard for Nas, but she did it! We were all so excited. She thought she wanted a Bearded Collie, but after visiting the Rose City Dog Show, a Vizsla actually found us and the search was on for a breeder.
A year later, she finally got her puppy!
Remy loved oranges, blueberries and tomatoes. Every year we bought him his own cherry tomato plant. He'd check it everyday. He'd also check the neighbors tomato plants and blueberry bushes too.
Remy loved to go on our boat and dive off the back again and again (50 times in a row, no joke), he would get

########
Rank: 10
Score: 60.16606
Retrieved Text: Disney’s latest addition to its Cruise Line fleet, the Disney Dream, brings many new innovations. Perhaps one of the best of those is the addition of a second adult only restaurant, Remy.
Remy, unlike Palo, which still packs a punch and promises a great meal, takes dining on the high seas to a new height.
Inside the Gustav room at Remy.
It was on our way over to the States that I read in a cruise magazine that Remy is the highest priced dining option on any cruise ship. I already had high expectations of our meal there, but learning that only served to raise those expectations even more.
On the first afternoon we boarded the Dream, we went for a look around, filled with curiosity about what might be waiting for us. We found our way quickly up to Remy and were immediately impressed by what we found. It had a delightful atmosphere to it, refined, but not to the point where you’d feel uncomfortable here. We loved the Disney touches, particularly the subtle shape of Remy interwoven into some of the seating here.
We fell in love when we walked through the main dining area and into the Gustav Room, with its brightly coloured carpet, complete with a massive “G” in the fabric, and its stunning portraits of the Paris skyline. In here, you really are whisked away to the city of romance, and it’s as if you’re dining with a view of the Seine behind you. Immediately, we asked if we could be seated here for our dinner

########
Rank: 11
Score: 60.099785
Retrieved Text: Remy has no memories of his parents. Born in New Orleans with unusual eyes - red irises on black sclera - it was because of his unique eyes that he was snatched from the hospital shortly after birth. It was believed that he was the fulfillment of an ancient prophecy for the even older Thieves Guild.
In those early months, he was under the guardianship of a person known as the Antiquary. Jean-Luc LeBeau saw the child and could not abide the thought of him being raised a relative slave. LeBeau struck a bargain with the Antiquary to free Remy. He was placed into the care of fellow Thieves' Guild member Fagan's group of child-thieves to grow.
Existing on the streets is a tough life and worse for a child. Remy showed his instincts were strong and he was a survivor. He was determined to make his way, humble though it was. Eating from discarded meals and scraps, ducking out of sight to avoid the tougher gangs that beat up the smaller and weaker. He watched other members of the Thieves' Guild as they picket pockets and robbed to get their ill gotten gain. Learning from an early age the laws of the street, he also turned to picking pockets though he was no instant success. Once he perfected his techniques, he was able to carve out a living for the next several years.
When ten, Remy crossed paths with Jean-Luc LeBeau once again - he tried to pick the man's pocket. He almost succeed and it was from

########
Rank: 12
Score: 59.84507
Retrieved Text: At Headcorn, the airfield where I learnt to skydive many years ago, I picked up the nickname ‘Special Branch’ on my second jump. This was earned after I landed in a tree on an otherwise empty dropzone — a feat of accuracy I was unaware of at the time.
2. I focused on the object I needed to avoid.
Fear is part of being human, it’s a necessary function that keeps us safe. The problem occurs when we run at the same heightened level of fear for all situations. For example, it’s good to have the tension of fear when jumping out of a perfectly good aeroplane; when you lose that fear you are most at risk. It’s also important to have perspective, to assess the level of fear for the situation you are in.
1. Does this level of fear and (fill in the gap) match the situation?
2. What’s the worst that could happen?
3. What am I really afraid of?
I had this conversation with one of my clients Remy*. Remy desperately wanted his team to step up, and he would regularly complain about the lack of leadership, ownership and knowledge that his team showed. Some days he would smile indulgently when he spoke about the dependency his team had on him. Other days he would say the same sentence with frustration, anger and blame.
Remy described himself as the linchpin of the department, without him it would all fall apart. He only saw obstacles and focused on them. Some of these were valid and some were created and viewed

########
Rank: 13
Score: 59.206814
Retrieved Text: When Remy Ma and Papoose stopped by The Wendy Williams Show on Friday (Sept. 28) to promote their upcoming VH1 special Meet The Mackies, things took a unexpected turn when Williams asked Remy about her current situation with Nicki Minaj and Cardi B.
According to the Terror Squad femcee, there is no beef. "It’s no relationship," she said, despite the 2017 release of the Minaj-aimed diss track "shETHER." "I don’t harbor any ill feelings or wish bad on her."
As for her relationship with Cardi B, Remy reveals that the foundation is based on encouragement and professionalism. "When we usually speak, it’s not like a whole gossip thing or whatever,” she said. "It’s usually always words of encouragement....I don’t think either one of us really dwells on the negative stuff. So much positive things is going on in both of our lives right now that we have way more positive than negative to talk about."
Remy Ma recently came to Cardi B's defense during Revolt TV's inaugural episode of State of The Culture with Joe Budden. “She’s been Cardi B, the b***h from the Bronx, for 25 years. She’s been Cardi B, the b***h with the No. 1 record for one year," she started, referring to the now-infamous fashion week altercation that took place between the two New York rappers. "Sometimes people put these unrealistic expectations [on you] because you make a certain amount of money."

########
Rank: 14
Score: 59.19022
Retrieved Text: By ReasonTV Remy prepares summer travelers for groping season. “The Longest Time” parody written and performed by Remy. Background vocals and Mastering by Ben Karlstrom….
By Benny Wills “Bill Lost His Memory” is a poem about political and spiritual awakening. Written and performed by Benny Wills of The Joy Camp….
Have You Asked Your Doctor About Voting?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 59.065872
Retrieved Text: The library contains 287 stories by 106 authors, 1267 chapters total.
To set a trap for the Witness, a secret agency resurrects Rogue.
Gambit is addicted - to the Internet!
In the South, an abused housewife�s life is changed forever when a drifter comes into town.
In the AoA, Magneto rescues Gambit from certain death and recruits him to fight for the Dream.
After Gambit leaves New Orleans, he makes his way to a small town by the name of Millstone, Arizona .
When Mercy LeBeau comes to deliver some news to Gambit, she falls in lust with Iceman and chaos ensues.
When Gambit kisses Jean, she feels confused and more than a little guilty.
Cable comes to terms with Gambit as leader.
Rogue has to deal with the consequences of the trial as well as her own slide into insanity.
Gambit takes on an apprentice, Azimuth, who becomes more to him than he ever imagined, but Sinister has a sick interest in the couple.
Gambit tells Rogue how he escaped Antarctica and its consequences.
A Princess is held prisoner in a tower and only a thief can save her.
Finding himself in a strange prison, Remy attempts to piece together what has happened.
Wolverine misjudges Gambit, leading to tragedy.
When Cecilia and Beast are kidnapped, it is up to Gambit and Marrow to save them.
Sinister�s manipulations affect Gambit and Rogue�s newfound happiness.
It�s the 1940�s and Detective Summers is hired to look for a man called Remy White, but ends up finding a great deal of trouble.
When Sabine, an assassin for a mysterious foundation, falls out of favor with the powers

########
Rank: 16
Score: 58.884773
Retrieved Text: Meet Gus, (one of my best friend from college) who is sitting on the seat left to me and I am sitting in the window seat (I mean Remy..:P). We are discussing the title of my new website project which we need to complete this month.
Remy: Gus, what do you think would be a good title for an online bookstore website?
Leslie: I saw your work. You are really doing a great job. I wish I could be part of your team.
Leslie: Umm…how Pustak (a Hindi version for a book).
Guster: Add “On Click” to it that’s making it an online version.
Remy: That’s a great idea I have got my name – “Pustak On Click” 😊. Thanks, Gus and Les.
Moon: Hi Remy!! Howzz life going?
Remy: [Frustrated] Moon don’t you see I am working. DON’T DISTURB ME (without even a Please).
Moon: Ok Ok. Take care buddy (what else a good friend can do).
Buzz: So today I wanted to share a story of my friend who has really done a commendable job in completing his work so efficiently and look at us just ruin around the things and not taking our project work seriously. (he is referring to the website that I made and doing it over to make the teacher feel embarrassed he’s just a Being Buzz 😊). We all should really learn from him that you can do anything if you truly believe in it. (I think he should stop by now what do u think?).
But that’s a big NO then he called me up on stage and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 57.914783
Retrieved Text: Home / Minque Hair Frequently Asked Questions / What type of hair do you use?
All of our hair extensions are 100% Remy Human Hair, of the highest quality. This allows them to be treated like your natural hair and it gives them a much longer life span. Remy Human Hair blends seamlessly with your natural hair and remains soft, silky and healthy when cared for correctly.
By using remy hair extensions you can be assured that your hair extensions will feel and look like your natural hair, but can also be washed without changing the quality and styled with heat tools.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 57.76651
Retrieved Text: Apparently Remy Ma's "Shether" has been snatched off of SoundCloud and the radio, and the Plata O Plomo artist isn't even allowed to perform the song anymore. Nas wants you to know that he had nothing to do with the move.
TMZ reports people close to Nas say the Illmatic artist has no problem with Remy using his "Ether" beat to diss Nicki Minaj. They claim that Nas would never interfere with a good old fashioned rap battle. Apparently Esco is pointing the finger at Universal for getting the track pulled, as they actually own the song.
"Ether" is a Jay Z diss song Nas dropped over 15 years ago on his album Stillmatic, a project that was released on Universal. The record label reportedly made their moves to ensure Remy won't profit off "Shether" after it became the second most downloaded song on iTunes.
While this might sting fans of the song, "Shether" apparently isn't even a track that Remy is proud of. She said as much during a recent Facebook Live interview on Buzzfeed's Another Round podcast.
“It just bothers me that this record that I put out where it’s literally picking apart a female went so viral, and every media outlet wants to talk about it and pick it up; I feel like we could’ve done the same thing working together,” she said on the podcast.
If Remy isn't feeling "Shether" so much these days, maybe she'll be more up to taking on Nicki's recent challenge. Earlier today (March 10), The Pinkprint artist basically bet $500,000 that Remy

########
Rank: 19
Score: 57.684814
Retrieved Text: “Already took a L, now you got another one/I secure the bag, now I got another one/I caught the W, now I got another one," Remy rapped. "[...] Heard you callin&apos; everyone/Not callin&apos; back, &apos;cause I got another one/Heard you was kiddin&apos;, sayin&apos; I ain&apos;t havin&apos; none/But that&apos;s okay baby, &apos;cause now you my son."
Clearily, the Bronx rapper got too tired waiting for Nicki’s response.
The follow-up wasn’t necessarily surprising, as there were already rumors that Remy had another diss track up her sleeve; however, this new cut definitely had social media torn. Some thought Remy KO’d Nicki with the new track, while others were disappointed with the bars. Some even thought “Another One” was flat out unnecessary.
You can check out some of the Twitter responses below.
Hot97 just played Remy Ma new diss and Nicki is dead .
only thing i&apos;m gonna say about this Remy Ma diss song is.... she should&apos;ve stopped after Shether.
Flex wins, people really tuned into to hear Remy Ma diss Minaj, Incredible.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 57.220497
Retrieved Text: What does he not want her to see?
Bless her heart, Remy Ma done accidentally started World War III by telling Lil’ Mo about Karl’s Instagram. Tons of people use Instagram, but considering the history Lil’ Mo and Karl have with social media and infidelity, this might as well be an Ashley Madison account.
At a rare boxing press appearance, Remy tells Mo that she’s glad she saw Karl promoting this event on Instagram because otherwise she and Papoose would have missed it. Mo, who made Karl delete his Instagram a few weeks ago, couldn’t understand what account Remy was talking about. When they pulled up the account, not only was it Karl’s, but he actually had BLOCKED his own wife from seeing it. Remy looked at Mo and said “G2g girl, don’t pop off, BYE!” and that meant there was only one thing for Mo to do: go off. She hopped into the ring to let Karl have a piece of her mind. Slight problem, all of his boxing has taught Karl to be quick on his feet and he dodged Mo before she could square up. That didn’t make her less frustrated, so she just took her anger over to Snoop, who knew Karl had this secret boxing IG account but didn’t say anything. Mo stormed out of the event, Karl didn’t follow her, but if we know anything, it’s that this fight certainly isn’t over. It’s a tough week to be married on Love & Hip Hop.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 57.164684
Retrieved Text: Last week I got dressed! I mean, I actually put on a dress, heels, a red lip, and attempted a hairstyle other than a sloppy top knot. No elastic waistband! This post sort of reminded me of one I had done last year called Two Hour Dress, because here I am again, in the thick of breastfeeding every 2-3 hours, and fumbling through a full closet but nothing to wear. If you thought getting dressed in the morning was tough, throw in a postpartum bod and the need to be able to expose your bosoms to breastfeed. This is another one of those two hour dresses. I had just enough time to feed her, get us all ready and to our destination, enjoy our morning a bit and drive home just in time to strip down to my skivvies and feed a ravenous baby again. In fact, she didn't quite make it home. We were a few blocks away when the fussing turned into crying.
I decided to take the girls on a mini adventure downtown to The Source, which is about to celebrate their 1 year anniversary! The ironic thing is, last year, around this same time, husband and I had visited The Source for the first time with Remy when she was about 6 months old! So here I am, a year later, this time with a 17 month old, PLUS a 6 week old on my hips, or in a stroller.
I was recently introduced to Daren Nkomo, a really talented photographer who so kindly

########
Rank: 22
Score: 57.08229
Retrieved Text: Chapter 94 - ГЛАВА 94.
Сент-Джеймсский парк - это зеленый островок в самом центре Лондона, расположенный неподалеку от Вестминстерского и Букингемского дворцов. Теперь он открыт для всех желающих, но некогда король Генрих VIII обнес парк изгородью и развел там оленей, на которых охотился вместе с придворными. В теплые солнечные дни лондонцы устраивают пикники прямо под раскидистыми ивами и кормят пеликанов, обитающих в пруду. Кстати, дальние предки этих пеликанов некогда были подарены Карлу II русским послом.
The Teacher saw no pelicans today. The stormy weather had brought instead seagulls from the ocean. The lawns were covered with them-hundreds of white bodies all facing the same direction, patiently riding out the damp wind. Despite the morning fog, the park afforded splendid views of the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. Gazing across the sloping lawns, past the duck pond and the delicate silhouettes of the weeping willows, the Teacher could see the spires of the building that housed the knight's tomb-the real reason he had told Remy to come to this spot.
As the Teacher approached the front passenger door of the parked limousine, Remy leaned across and opened the door. The Teacher paused outside, taking a pull from the flask of cognac he was carrying. Then, dabbing his mouth, he slid in beside Remy and closed the door.
Remy held up the keystone like a trophy.
- Ты прекрасно справился, - сказал Учитель.
"We have done well," Remy replied, laying the keystone in the Teacher's eager hands.
- Мы справились вместе! - поправил его Реми. И передал камень Учителю.
The Teacher admired it a long

########
Rank: 23
Score: 56.722126
Retrieved Text: If you can't find the stock wig photo what you want, You can talk with our sales representatives by instant messenger/by email, our sales representatives can take photos for you.
Does the straight hair wave up when being wet?
Yaki texture is process we do to your wig that adds a micro kink to the hair strands to mimic Africa-American people relaxed hair.
The silky straight hair texture is the natural state of the Indian Hair as it comes from the donor. It is look like the wig of ofay. If you are Caucasian,we recommend you choose silky texture.
Virgin hair is 100% natural and not under process which may cause any damage to the cuticle. We make the virgin remy hair run in one direction with natural look and avoid of tangling. Our virgin hair is all remy, which is soft, natural looking and long-life used. We trust that our virgin remy hair will satisfy you.
What is the difference between Indian Remy and Chinese Remy Hair?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 56.6816
Retrieved Text: Through the lace wigs inception, types of hair were limited to only a few textures. These days, there are a myriad of remy tresses choices for all ethnicities as well as backgrounds. These added choices make having a lace hairpiece even more exciting as you change yourself into a style chameleon.
Remy is curly hair which the cuticle is dealing with the direction in which this grew. There are many different categories which remy can full below and each one varies greatly. The greatest of quality for human being hair is virgin. This particular malaysian deep curly hair is unprocessed and also was cut in the path it originally grew within. Not all remy hair is actually virgin. Once virgin frizzy hair is chemically processed or even colored, it simply becomes remy and is no longer virgin.
The phrase malaysian hair wigs itself is often taken advantage of today in the industry to attract those interested in lace wigs. Some remy is prepared with harsh chemicals after becoming collected from mass locks collectors in China along with other Asian countries. Only the finest associated with remy hair is gathered by a single collector who else extracts the hair directly from the actual donor being careful regarding damaging the cuticle.
Indian remy is the most well-known and produced malaysian wavy hair. Indian remy come in a variety of colors and measures. Since most Indian's possess very dark colored tresses, tresses marketed as virgin cuticle hair should also be the exact same color.
Indian texture is really popular because it is versatile

########
Rank: 25
Score: 56.632755
Retrieved Text: ALAN SHEARER fears that wearing the famous black and white stripes of Newcastle no longer has the same value after Loic Remy chose to sign for QPR instead.
The Toon legend is worried that the next two weeks could turn his former club into genuine relegation candidates unless they find somebody to fill the shirt vacated by striker Demba Ba’s move to Chelsea.
After the promise of playing in front of full houses at St James’s Park proved insufficient to lure France striker Remy to the club, Shearer was asked whether the prospect of wearing the famous shirt still held the same allure.
“I have to say I do find it hard to say he chose QPR over Newcastle," said Shearer. “Anybody can choose what they want and I am going to be biased. I will tell you what a great football club it is.
“But it is a tough one for the fans to see Remy so close and then choose QPR. Harry will tell you a different story but I would have a good guess that financial things had a part to play.
“I am sure that hurts Newcastle fans. Even with Ba, it is something to see their top scorer leave in the way he did. It is disappointing.
“Why he did it, you’ll have to ask him. But it’s left Newcastle with a huge gap to fill. The manager has tried to do that. Hopefully, they will have a plan B and a plan C. They are desperately in need of players.
“I still believe they are too good

########
Rank: 26
Score: 56.60547
Retrieved Text: Remy, a precocious shih tzu, playfully walked toward a smiling Father Adam Droll and promptly relieved himself on the priest’s black cassock.
“Are you telling me I need to do the dry cleaning?” Droll, parochial vicar at Holy Family Catholic Church gently asked, still smiling.
Remy quickly got a blessing from Droll, who repeated the blessing to all the dogs gathered in front of Suite Life Pet Resort and Spa Saturday morning. Once Droll had bless about a dozen dogs that owners brought for the special occasion, Droll blessed another 30-plus dogs who were being boarded.
The Blessing of the Animals is a rite in the Catholic Church, and many others, that is held each year in observance of the Oct. 4 Feast Day of St. Francis, the patron saint of animals.
Droll gave a short homily and concluded with a prayer for all creation.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 56.547806
Retrieved Text: Memes, The Interview, and Fictional: Ebro Addresses Nicki Minaj Rumor On Hot 97: "I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Woman" @balleralert Ebro Addresses Nicki Minaj Rumor On Hot 97: "I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Woman" -blogged by @BenitaShae ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Since RemyMa dropped her NickiMinaj diss track " ShETHER" everyone is wondering what's fiction and what's fact. Remy Ma insinuated that Hot97 radio personality EbroDarden once hooked up with Nicki and Ebro has finally set the record straight. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ On Sunday morning, Ebro took to Twitter to address Remy's line and claimed she was lying about him sleeping with Nicki. And on Monday morning, Ebro told his side, in detail, on-air during his Hot 97 radio show "Ebro in the Morning" with Peter Rosenberg. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Rosenberg cut to the chase and asked if the allegations were true or false. "I did not have sexual relations with that woman in any way, shape, or for." Ebro said. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Ebro explained his friendship with Nicki. He said he met her years ago through DJKaySlay and they kicked it "several times" over the years but they have never been intimate. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ "I’ve never been alone with Nicki Minaj," Ebro said. "Ever. At a bar or with her friends or management. It was always work." ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Ebro also explained why he chose to respond to Remy via Twitter. "I knew that it would make Nicki feel better," he said. "I knew that it would make me feel better. It would

########
Rank: 28
Score: 56.36919
Retrieved Text: Gambit has been part of the game from pretty early on, appearing in the opening box text for the first session. He didn’t feature prominently, but there is a good chance we’ll be seeing him again. As always, There isn’t going to be anything posted below that you can’t find on http://earth-592.robjustice.net.
Abandoned at birth due to his burning red eyes, the child who would one day become Remy LeBeau was kidnapped from his hospital ward by members of the New Orleans Thieves Guild who referred to the child as “le diable blanc” – the white devil. They believed he was the child that had been prophesied to unite the warring Guilds.
As part of a peace pact between the Guild and their rivals a marriage was arranged between Remy and Bella Donna Boudreaux, the granddaughter of the head of a rival Guild. However, Bella Donna’s brother Julien objected to the marriage and challenged Gambit to a duel. Remy killed Julien in self-defense, but was excommunicated and banished from New Orleans in an attempt to maintain the non-aggression pact between the two guilds.
Remy wandered the world as he plied his skills as a master thief, aided by his mutant power to charge objects with explosive energy. He employed playing cards he charged with kinetic energy as his trademark weapon. Eventually, Remy encountered Storm, a member of a team of mutant adventurers known as the X-Men. Storm sponsored Remy’s admission into the X-Men. After a year of mistrust and threats, Remy left the X-Men and set out on his

########
Rank: 29
Score: 56.007996
Retrieved Text: Though the study to determine the future of Thayer Street’s infrastructure is still being developed, other changes centering around security and regulation in the area are now or may soon be in effect.
The Thayer Street District Management Authority held a meeting in June attended by many safety officers, including representatives from the Department of Public Safety and Providence Police, said Robin Remy, the group’s executive director. Statistically, trends reveal a spike in crime-related incidents during the summer and early fall months, she said, and “the Providence Police absolutely agreed there is a crime increase.” Recently, there has been evidence of gang activity on Thayer, Remy said, citing incidents of gang-related graffiti.
Safety concerns surrounding the summer and early fall months were raised again at the TSDMA’s July meeting, Remy said. Consequently, the police agreed to increase their presence in the area, and the TSDMA hired a two-man police detail to patrol every Thursday, Friday and Saturday evening through the end of September, Remy said. They began these patrols on the first weekend of August, and there are not currently plans to extend this protocol past the end of September due to budgetary restrictions, she added.
To improve security in the future, the TSDMA is considering installing surveillance cameras on Thayer Street. They are “really helpful in determining who did what” when investigating an incident, Remy said. If installed, these cameras would be publicized to “create a more visible presence,” she said, adding that the TSDMA also wants to encourage local entities to do a better job of self-monitoring.
The

================



======= Instance Index 10537 =========
Input Text: Context: Ash told Cameron an unbelievable story and when Cameron looked into Ash's hazel eyes, Cameron knew Ash was telling the truth.

Question: How would you describe Cameron?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: a good listener

B: a bad listener

C: an untrustworthy person

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 79.01667
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Animé Polls' started by Genaller, Nov 8, 2018.
Who was the worst at crushing Ash’s dreams?
1. Actively tried to keep Ash’s chances alive by pleading with the ref to not disqualify him and wait longer while TRio were busy actually trying to crush Ash’s dreams.
2. Didn’t deliver the final blow in crushing Ash’s dreams, but instead just stood back and let Ash’s Charizard do that for him!
He’s a nice guy but clearly horrible at dream crushing .
How was Ritchie the 'Dream Crusher' LMAO? Ash lost the match because of 1) TR's intervention 2) His folly of not using Bulbasaur who got 2 KO's in the previous match 3) Not sorting out Charizard's disobedient issues despite having 2 freaking full months before the League. It was mostly his own fault. That battle was undoubtedly the worst battle ever in the anime by far, plus that League loss was also absolute ****, but that doesn't make Ritchie the worst dream crusher, cuz it was mostly Ash's fault.
Worst dream crusher was definitely Cameron. Couldn't have even entered the League has Ash not hurried him to it in time, was a legitimate IQ>50 idiot, came with 5 Pokemon, send 2 of his Pokemon in 4x disadvantages in the battle, but still beat Ash. Hardly anyone ever comes even close to being worse.
The instant Ash mentioned the Kalos league... he doomed himself to losing that to Alain!
Diablous Ex Machina the character!
So how is Alain simultaneously the best and worst dream crusher (according to your votes)?
Well I'd say Alain and Tobias,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 62.197056
Retrieved Text: We’re into the quarterfinals of the Unova League, and the first battle is between Ash and Cameron—who has just revealed Hydreigon as his “secret weapon”! Ash chooses Boldore to start off—a powerful Pokémon, indeed. But Hydreigon’s power is overwhelming, and soon Cameron has his first win of their six-on-six match.
Ash’s next choice is Oshawott. Bianca’s not sure that’s a good idea, but Cilan and Iris are sure Ash has a plan, and Oshawott quickly proves that its power is impressive despite its small stature! It’s not quite enough to overcome Hydreigon, however, and a final Dragon Rush gives Cameron a two-win lead. But when Ash chooses Pignite, things finally start to go his way. The tenacious Pignite refuses to give in even after getting knocked down multiple times, and a punishing Brick Break knocks Hydreigon out of the competition.
Cameron’s next Pokémon is Ferrothorn, which quickly proves to be a bad choice against a Fire-type Pokémon like Pignite, and the match is quickly tied at two wins each. Next up, Cameron picks Samurott, whose strength and skill—not to mention its type advantage—finally overcome Pignite’s tenacity.
Pignite is out, and Pikachu is up—and everyone knows an amazing battle is in store! Samurott manages to deflect Pikachu’s Electric-type attacks with some quick Razor Shell action, but a well-placed Iron Tail gets through, and Ash gets his third win to tie the match at three each.
Then Cameron sends out his Swanna, hoping for an aerial advantage—but Pikachu quickly puts a stop to that, as its Electric-type moves prove too powerful to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 61.854206
Retrieved Text: Be an Arrow! (Japanese: やじるしになって！ Yajirushi ni Natte!) is the second opening theme of the Best Wishes series. It debuted in BW085, replacing Best Wishes!. It was also used in M15.
For Best Wishes! Season 2: Episode N, which started with BW109, a remixed version was used, Be an Arrow! 2013, which was replaced by Summerly Slope in BW123.
The animation begins with Ash, Iris, and Cilan running down a long corridor while multiple arrows of various colors fly in the direction they're running towards. A glowing arrow flies around the screen until it turns into Ash and Pikachu with an orange pillar in front of them. A second arrow swirls around and turns into Iris and Axew with a purple pillar next to them. A third arrow turns into Cilan with a green pillar underneath him. Ash, Pikachu, Iris, Axew, and Cilan all pose in front of the Best Wishes! logo. The three Trainers jump out of view and the words "Season 2" are added onto the Best Wishes! logo.
The scene changes to several Pokémon from varying generations running through a grassy field. After changing to a different group of a Pokémon, Ash, Iris, and Cilan are seen running near a body of water with several Pokémon swimming near them. As they continue running, Meloetta enters the scene and playfully steals Ash's hat. The scene moves to Professor Oak's laboratory, where Professor Oak, Delia Ketchum, and Tracey stand in the field of Ash's various Pokémon. When Charizard is shown onscreen, it turns around to give a thumbs

########
Rank: 3
Score: 60.068977
Retrieved Text: We are all pretty much sick of it by now. Normally when anything goes wrong in the series, it would be all worth the while if he could just win a league (like how Ash won the Orange Island League, after losing in Kanto and how he won the Battle Frontier, after losing in Hoenn). Even possible methods for improving his chances of victory (evolution, higher levels, older Pokemon, more prep time, less filler, better movesets) have justified for not happening. If Ash truly can't win, why should the rest of his league rivals be exempt (Richie, Harrison, Tyson, Tobias, Cameron)?
Because if Ash really did win a major tournament, the anime would probably end. I can only assume that those who win the main tournaments stay in the region, or that the winning of a tournament is Ash's definition of becoming a Pokemon Master, and the anime needs Ash to continue exploring new regions. The anime focuses on process/ journey over end result. Of course, they could just come up with a new protagonist, but they won't.
Also, his rivals are also meant to show character growth like Ash, and losing a battle usually makes them much more humble (Paul & Trip especially). If they just won, it would either be strange that they were Ash's rival in the first place since they're meant to be kinda on the same level, or it would just show no development for their character, and the anime lacks any in-depth character development as it is.
YOUR ANSWER IS INCORRECT! There's No

########
Rank: 4
Score: 58.249676
Retrieved Text: Located in the beautiful Cowichan Valley halfway between Victoria & Nanaimo, we’e humbled and thankful to acknowledge that we live on the unceded Coast Salish territory of the Tsawout First Nation. We hope to share our journey with you by making an inclusive community space where together we can create and experience the wonderful world of art. Sign up for our newsletter to stay in the loop with upcoming shows + events or stop by to have a conversation about art + find something special to take home with you.
Built in the 1930's by Aubrey Ash, who lived in a cabin across the creek & would use a makeshift gondola to ferry across, 'Ash Boatworks' ran until the late 80's (as far as our amateur sleuthing goes). His daughter then ran 'Miller Catering' from the kitchen, before it changed hands to become the home & workshop of Master Carpenter, Cameron Forbes. It's amazing to be able to add to this history of creative entrepreneurs, and we're thankful that the deep fir floors can tell you a part of this story through their layers of colourful resin. We're still collecting stories as they filter in from the neighbourhood; some remember "getting their rocks tumbled" here as a child, and others speak of the "kind & generous nature" of Ash's daughter, Donna. One day we hope that our neighbours will be able to tell soft stories through smiles about us too.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.835613
Retrieved Text: HAZARD ALERT: All areas have experienced exceptional amounts of precipitation. Be alert for flooding, washouts and dangerous road conditions.
Cameron Operation: The Cameron Connector gates will be will be closed this weekend. The Cameron Connector is blocked between Highway 4 and Cameron Main. Public access to Pass Main (Mount Arrowsmith) and Labour Day Lake will be via Cameron Main from 0kms at the Cameron shop. Please use caution and obey all signs. There will be trucks hauling down Cameron Main this Saturday.
Comox and Ash Operation: Will be open to the public this weekend, however be aware that road conditions in this area are poor due to the recent rains. Crews and equipment will be operating in some areas obey the signs and do not go beyond an active work site sign.
Chemainus (Copper Canyon) Operation: Will be closed at the 22km gate.
Northwest Bay Operation: Will be open Saturday and Sunday. Equipment may be operating in some areas obey the signs and do not go beyond an active work site sign.
Buckley Bay Operation: Will be open Saturday and Sunday.
Nanaimo River Camp: Will be open Saturday and Sunday.
Oyster River Operation: Will be open Saturday and Sunday.
Shawnigan: Koksilah Main and Wild Deer Main will be closed to the public for operational purposes this weekend.
Non-club members on ATV’s are not permitted on Island Timberlands’ roads or property.
Allsbrook/Evergreen:Fundraiser, Permits available at the gate this weekend.
Ohiat Road, Qualicum Beach: Fundraiser, Permits available at the gate this weekend.
As winter approaches some sites inland and at higher elevations may be closed with short notice for safety

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.042065
Retrieved Text: Ash was uncomfortable in the gorgeous black tuxedo he was wearing, despite it being tailored specifically for him. Mercutio had glibly insisted on "only the best" and Ash found himself being prodded and measured by a weary-eyed tailor in the back room of a chic Beverly Hills boutique. He felt stilted and unnatural in the expensive clothes. The truth was that he was sleekly elegant and startlingly attractive in his new attire, despite feeling like a child playing dress-up with his father's cast-offs. Mercutio and Rena had both smiled approvingly, Mercutio complimenting him with applause that was not entirely mocking. Ash and Rena ate dinner shortly after in a small, overpriced bistro while Mercutio looked on with mock-benevolence, like an emperor feeding peasants on epiphany.
They were once again swallowed by the limo, its gleaming blackness seeming more serpentine than metallic. The limo curved elegantly through twisting streets and narrow wynds up into the Hollywood Hills. Ash looked out at huge gates defending private homes while Rena engaged in idle chatter with Mercutio. Ash attempted to let his mind wander onto unrelated subjects, but reality kept intruding. He knew almost nothing of this eccentric and evidently wealthy man that was escorting them to the party. Ash studied Mercutio out of the corner of one eye. There was a cruelness to his eyes that belied his ingratiating smiles. Ash thought Mercutio looked every inch the predator, expensive clothes and tastes notwithstanding.
The car turned into a cul-de-sac high on the side of the hill, huge iron gates parted before

########
Rank: 7
Score: 51.849552
Retrieved Text: "What crimes lie beneath the surface of a quiet Midlands town?"
Gabriel Ash is happily engaged in opening his new bookshop, so new the books are still coming out of the cartons when his friend Constable Hazel Best foils the attempted abduction of his children. What a riveting opening to this crime story set in Norbold in the UK Midlands, and it certainly drew me in to read the rest of KINDRED SPIRITS.
The backstory is explained, and it's quite complex in one way, clearly from a previous book, but simple in another: Ash's estranged wife wants to take his kids away and she's a wanted criminal. He doesn't have a fortune to pay a ransom, so he believes this was Cathy's doing. Ash trusts the Filipina nanny, Frankie Kelly, who helped fight off the attackers, so now he's looking at hiring a bodyguard to let his little boys go to school. What a dilemma.
The plot thickens, as they say, and because I had not read the earlier book in the 'Gabriel Ash and Hazel Best' series, I was not sure for a while if the two were romantically involved. Hazel tells someone they're not, adding that Gabriel still has a wife. So... I can't for the life of me see why Gabriel has not put divorce proceedings underway. A nice device the author Jo Bannister uses is that Gabriel sometimes talks his train of thought aloud to his little dog Patience, imagining her calm responses. And our lovely Patience is quite the hero.
An art crime of seventeen

########
Rank: 8
Score: 51.363453
Retrieved Text: by Silver Donald Cameron is included in Stan Rogers' album Poetic Justice.
This CD includes The Sisters, a prize-winning radio drama by Silver Donald Cameron, music by Stan Rogers. An eerie re-telling of a legendary Nova Scotia story, The Sisters was a finalist for the ACTRA Award in Radio Drama, and was also the Canadian entry in the radio drama competition for the Prix Italia, the world's leading international radio awards.
by Silver Donald Cameron, is included in Scott Macmillan's album The Minnie Sessions, Vol 1.
The first of the Minnie Sessions tapes includes "If You Were Mine," a tune by Maurice Lennon with words by Silver Donald Cameron, sung by Doris Mason. Silver Donald wrote the lyrics for his second wife, Lulu Terrio-Cameron, when she was dying. The album also includes "Sir Lulu," a tune composed in Lulu's memory by Scott Macmillan.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 51.336353
Retrieved Text: Tubist Jacob Cameron has taught at universities throughout the United States and has led an active performing career. As a soloist, Cameron was the Artist Division winner of the 1996 Leonard Falcone International Tuba Competition, a second place winner of the Lansing Matinee Musical Orchestral Brass Competition and a national finalist for both the high school and collegiate brass divisions of the MTNA solo competition.
Large ensemble experience includes performances with the Blue Ash Symphony, Cincinnati Pops, Cincinnati Symphony, Detroit Symphony, Grand Rapids Symphony, Great Lakes Chamber Orchestra, Jacksonville Symphony, Lansing Symphony, Lebanon Symphony, Orchestra X, Richmond Symphony (IN), Saginaw Bay Symphony, Springfield Symphony (OH), West Michigan Symphony and the Wilmington Symphony. An active chamber musician, he has performed with the Buerkle Brass, Canterbury Brass, Michigan Chamber Brass, Pamlico Sound , Today’s Brass Quintet, the Queen City Brass and is a current member of the Motor City Brass Quintet, Western Brass Quintet, and Spectrum Brass.
Cameron is currently Assistant Professor of Tuba and Euphonium at Western Michigan University, where he leads the School of Music entrepreneurial activities in addition to teaching, recruiting, and performing with the Western Brass Quintet. Cameron is also on faculty at the Bay View Music Festival, where he helped create the Spectrum Brass Seminar, and he has has held teaching positions at Calvin College, Cornerstone University, East Carolina University, Grand Valley State University, and Wright State University.
Cameron received his M.M. in Tuba Performance from Rice University’s Shepherd School of Music and his B.M. in Tuba Performance from Michigan State University, where he is currently

########
Rank: 10
Score: 51.307526
Retrieved Text: Two Doncaster men who transported a 1kg package of cocaine worth an estimated 53,000 into the town for a fee of 100 have been jailed for several years.
Two Doncaster men who transported a 1kg package of cocaine worth an estimated £53,000 into the town for a fee of £100 have been jailed for several years.
Sheffield Crown Court was told how just after 7.15pm on June 23 this year, patrolling police officers stopped a black Astra vehicle that was travelling near to junction 37 of the A1 in Doncaster containing defendants Aaron Cameron and Christopher Peat, who was driving the vehicle.
Prosecuting, Ben Thomas, told the court that officers were acting on intelligence when they stopped the vehicle, and during a search of it they found a black Paris Saint-Germain bag, that contained a 1kg package of cocaine wrapped inside an Asda carrier bag.
Mr Thomas said that police testing found the cocaine to be of 94 per cent purity, which is much higher than the level of purity often found in the Class A drug, which normally range between 45 and 68 per cent purity.
"In the opinion of DC Grey, that amount of cocaine with that level of purity would have a street value of £53,000," he said.
Mr Thomas told the court that when interviewed by the police, Cameron, aged 24, said he had received a call asking him to collect a package in Leeds and was told to bring it to Doncaster and that he would receive a sum of £100 for collecting it.
Cameron said he knew

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.271133
Retrieved Text: (RRK) Systematic Entomology Laboratory, Plant Sciences Institute, Agricultural Research Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, c/o National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution, P.O. Box 37012, MRC 168, Washington, DC 20013-7012, U.S.
Published host associations are assessed for Leluthia astigma (Ashmead), Leluthia floridensis Marsh, and Leluthia mexicana Cameron, the three known species of Leluthia Cameron in the Nearctic Region. Leluthia astigma is reported as a parasitoid of Agrilus planipennis Fairmaire, emerald ash borer (EAB), infesting Fraxinus americana L., white ash, in Delaware County, Ohio. It is the first species of Leluthia for which a determined species of Agrilus Curtis has been confirmed as a host and the association vouchered. All other hosts reported in the literature for L. astigma require confirmation through rearing from an isolated host or documentation of an unequivocal host-parasitoid association. Leluthia astigma adults reared from parasitoid cocoons collected in Delaware County, Ohio parasitized and produced F1 adults in the laboratory on last-instar EAB larvae collected in Ingham County, Michigan. Parasitism of EAB and other natural history data are reported for L. astigma, including the first records of L. astigma from Kansas and New York.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.266
Retrieved Text: Keep up to date with what's going on with the Toronto real estate market!
Multiple offers on this 2+2 bed, 2 bath, 1900sf penthouse with the most amazing skyline view!
Thanks for stopping by. While other kids my age were busy getting into all sorts of mischief, I was focused on persuading my mother to take me to neighbourhood open houses. And today, I dedicate my professional life to helping people find their dream home and my personal life to renovating my own spaces.
This is lakeside living! Large, exceptional lot surrounded by mature red oaks, lush gardens and the waterfront trail at your doorstep.
Buying a home can be a whirlwind experience but with Cameron at the helm, the end result is more than we could have hoped. Cameron has a keen eye for property and the ability to see the potential in transforming someone else's house into a space that will be very personal and special to us. Cameron uses his intuition to guide his actions and recommendations. He knew that our new home would be the perfect fit for us and he was patient and willing to answer every question we had. Once our decision was made, Cameron was available whenever we needed him to get the offer secured as quickly as possible. His response time is impressive. Cameron has many connections throughout the real estate, financial and home renovation world. This enabled us to connect with the right people, at the right time, to make the entire process a success, knowing that at all times we

########
Rank: 13
Score: 50.874767
Retrieved Text: ← XY036 : Battles in the Sky!
Reflection Cave! Mirror World Satoshi and Satoshi!?
The Cave of Mirrors! (Japanese: うつしみの洞窟！鏡の国のサトシとサトシ！？ Reflection Cave! Mirror World Satoshi and Satoshi!?) is the 37th episode of the XY series, and the 836th episode of the Pokémon anime. It first aired in Japan on July 31, 2014 and in the United States on September 27, 2014.
While our heroes are exploring Reflection Cave, named for its mirrorlike crystal walls, Ash's own reflection pulls Pikachu through one of the mirrors! Ash leaps after it and finds himself in another world, with a Clemont, Bonnie, and Serena very different from the ones he knows.
After our Ash helps Mirror Ash drive off Team Rocket and reclaim his own Pikachu, Mirror Clemont tells him of a frightening legend—people who pass through one of the mirrors in Reflection Cave must return to their own world before sunset or risk being stuck on the wrong side of the mirror forever! Ash hurries back to the mirror he first stepped through, where his friends are waiting on the other side, and all of them focus on reuniting with each other.
Thanks to the strong bonds of friendship, Ash and Pikachu are pulled back to their own world just in time!
As Ash and his friends make their way to Shalour City, Serena and Bonnie rush off to a cave, but when Clemont asks what is so special about the cave, Serena says that they will have to wait until they get inside to find out. Once everyone is inside the cave, they all

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.858166
Retrieved Text: Cameron Spencer tells Ross and..
The Australian photographer who captured a soon-to-be iconic sporting photo says he knew immediately he’d snapped something special.
Cameron Spencer from Getty Images sparked a global frenzy with a photo he took of champion sprinter Usain Bolt bursting clear in the semi-final.
Bolt is pictured turning and smiling while his rivals struggle to keep up.
Spencer, who lives in Sydney, told Ross and John he knew he’d taken a cracker when he looked back at his camera.
‘But I didn’t expect the photo to be so well received,’ he said on 3AW Breakfast.
He went on to explain how he got the photo.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 50.845127
Retrieved Text: "Hey Jasmine, can Hayes and I sleepover tonight?" "Actually I was going to have a sleepover with just Taylor. I&apos;m sorry!" She looked sad for saying no to me. "Nah its fine, ummm Hayes wanna sleepover at my house?" "Oohh sure! Can Nash and Cameron come?" "Sure!" "Yay party at Kali&apos;s tonight!" "Sure, if you wanna call it that." I looked at Jasmine and she was getting in her car. I ran up to her to tell her something. "Hey, no naughty business tonight." "Omg Kali go away! Thats not going to happen!" "Whats not going to happen?" Taylor asked as he got into Jasmine&apos;s car. "NOTHING!" "Okay?" "Ignore her Taylor." "Bye Jasmine! Bye Taylor! Have fun at your sleepover but not to much fun if you know what I mean!" "GOD KALI GET AWAY!" Hahahaha god I&apos;m so funny. I turned around and Cameron was standing there. He looked sad and mad at the same time. "Hey Cam, whats wrong with you?" "Uhh what, oohh nothing. Lets go." I got into Cameron&apos;s car and we drove off. Hayes was in the backseat with me. Nash starting laughing so hard. "Whats so funny?" "Oohh just Jasmine." He said looking at his phone. I looked at Cameron who looked a lot more mad. God what was his problem. "How did you get Jasmine&apos;s number?" Cameron asked. "Oohh she gave it to me, why?" "Oohh I was just wondering." "No, man. Theres something up, whats the matter?" Ohh snap. Shits about to go down. "I really like Jasmine

########
Rank: 16
Score: 50.82832
Retrieved Text: When I meet with junior military officers (JMOs) to discuss a possible transition from military to business, I often hear them express the concern of finding a career where they feel they will make a difference. I understand this since these JMOs have been serving our country, fighting the war on terror, and defending our freedom. When I was a JMO considering a transition, I remember Cameron-Brooks Recruiter Steve Sosland telling me that I would find new ways to serve others and have worthwhile work in my career. Frequently, Cameron-Brooks Alumni share with me how they are making an impact in their careers and making a difference in people’s lives. Yesterday, an alumnus called to tell me the difference that he and a Cameron-Brooks Alumna had made in a patient’s life that day.
In the procedure, the two Cameron-Brooks Alumni, Dan and Laura, guided the surgeon on implanting and synchronizing the devices, ensuring the patient had an effective and life saving pacemaker and a neuromodulation device. When Dan and Laura completed the procedure, they shared with one another how much they enjoyed their careers and discussed how Cameron-Brooks facilitated their transition which ultimately played a part in this procedure, impacting the patient and physician. Later that day, Dan called me to share the story.
This story not only points to the fact that, yes, JMOs can find value in their work outside of the military, but also illustrates the Cameron-Brooks partnership of facilitating a win for our clients, a win for our candidates and ultimately a win for

########
Rank: 17
Score: 50.62715
Retrieved Text: Parents of Victoria Cross recipient..
His parents, Doug and Kaye, told Neil Mitchell Cameron was very humble about his decorations.
‘He believed the medals he received as an individual were a team effort,’ Mr Baird said.
He said Cameron used to buy beers for veterans on Anzac Day without telling them he had been a soldier himself.
Neil Mitchell was moved and honoured to be given a Cameron Baird friendship coin.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 50.600975
Retrieved Text: I awoke to Rebecca whispering, which reminded me I was baby-sitting today. I was frustrated, because I had forgotten and was planning on going to Salem with Cameron, Rachel and Lindsay to meet Leanne for lunch. It turned out that Rachel and Lindsay weren't able to go, so I knew there was an empty seat for Becca. Cameron agreed, so I told Becca we were going to see Becky. (Becca doesn't know her as Leanne. At least, I don't hink she does.) She was all excited, and was eager to go. When Cameron arrived we loaded up and were off. She fell asleep on the way there, and Cameron and I had a nice talk. It helped me decide a few things. : ) Once we got there, Becca proceeded to go into "shy mode" and only whisper into my ear. I finally coaxed her out of her shell, and the four of us ended up in a Cheese-it war. How, I have no idea. Afterwards, as Leanne was getting ready to head back to work, Becca decided she didn't want her to leave and started tugging on her hand as hard as she could. Then, she tried to get me to help. Finally, a hug from Leanne was enough to persuade Becca away so Leanne could leave. I was surprised, because Becca was rarely that excited to see her! But nevertheless, we both had fun. : ) I'm really glad Cameron invited me!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 49.694042
Retrieved Text: Anyway, much to my surprise and to be fair, "Pokemon - Lucario & the Mystery of Mew" is not bad! Let's read its synopsis.
The world of Pokemon has many legends, but the people of Cameron Palace believe in one very special tale: The Legend of the Aura Guardian. Long ago, a hero, Sir Aaron and his Pokemon, Lucario saved the world from destruction - but can it be true?
Ash and his friends find out for themselves when Lucario is awakened and Pikachu disappears! With Lucario's help, Ash sets out on a journey to find Pikachu, a journey that leads him to a mystical tree called The Tree of Beginning and the Legendary Pokemon, Mew!
The future of a world and the fate of Ash and Pikachu will depend on the power of friendship between humans and Pokemon!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 49.53576
Retrieved Text: She is rock solid. Cannon Beach, OR.
Pearl white and American ash Bradley Hooper Coffee Table in Mind Plasticity designed by Morphos.
Adelaide distributor 1000 Chairs showroom. Photography by Jane Cameron for Fete Magazine.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 48.63105
Retrieved Text: Back in the 1980s Rolex published a booklet titled, "Every Rolex Tells A Story", which was offered to Rolex customers through Authorized Rolex Dealers. The booklet consisted of fascinating letters Rolex customers had sent in over the years. These letters told amazing stories of what customers Rolex had gone through. Recently Rolex began publishing a micro-site that collects and share Rolex Stories, titled, "Every Rolex Tells A Story.
Rolex's most recent, "Every Rolex Tells A Story" Testimony comes from legendary Academy Award winning Director, James Cameron. James Cameron's career achievements are amazing, as is his so are all of his Rolex connection points.
In the video above, James Cameron how he wore his Rolex Submariner when he shot his epic film, Titanic, and in the photos below, we see him wearing it on set.
James Cameron mentioned wearing his trusted Rolex Submariner when he won the Oscar for Best Picture Of The Year, and we see it on his wrist in the photos below.
James Cameron also mentioned giving his original Rolex Submariner as a gift to the Amazonian Indian Chief, which we see in the photo below.
James Cameron is pictured below wearing his Rolex Submariner on the set of Terminator 2: Judgement Day in 1991 with Arnold Schwarzenegger.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 48.555206
Retrieved Text: If you were looking for the character of the day from the Whirl Islands, see Harrison (EP216).
Harrison (Japanese: ハヅキ Hazuki) is a recurring character who appeared in the Pokémon anime. He is a Pokémon Trainer from Littleroot Town and a rival of Ash. He made his debut appearance in Pop Goes The Sneasel.
He first appeared in Pop Goes The Sneasel where he met Ash and his friends at the summit of the Ho-Oh shrine. He overheard the shrine guard ask Ash if he would help ward off what was preventing them from getting Ho-Oh's sacred flame. Immediately Harrison offered to help too. Later hearing that it was a Sneasel that was attacking those who approached the sacred flame, he had started to make plans on catching it. Once at the top of the stairs, Harrison instructed Ash to try to get the flame while he and Misty distracted Machop and Machoke. However he underestimated Sneasel's strength and he was forced to come up with another plan.
Using Houndoom and Phanpy, Harrison and Ash took on Machop and Machoke together; their goal being to take them both out before they would get to Sneasel. Both of their Pokémon were able to hurl Machop and Machoke down the stairs leaving Sneasel by itself. After Team Rocket's brief interruption, Harrison used his Blaziken to take down Sneasel and he was able to capture it. At the end of the day, Harrison told Ash that he would meet up with him again at the Silver Conference.
After many cameos during the qualifying

########
Rank: 23
Score: 48.50912
Retrieved Text: SHIPLAKE College Boat Club had another successful outing with a clean sweep of wins at the Kingston Head of the River Race last weekend.
The Kingston Head is run over a 5.2km course on the Kingston-on-Thames stretch of the river and was the last head race of the season for Shiplake before moving into regatta season.
The J18 eight of Federico Focosi, Marcus Brown, Joshua Wombwell, Bobby Howard-Jones, Tom Fox, Matthew Waller, Richard Adams, Tom Boret and cox Cameron Gass came away winners of their event, beating Eton College and Hampton School in a time of 16 minutes, 38 seconds while the J18 coxed four of Joshua Wombwell, Bobby Howard- Jones, Matthew Waller, Tom Boret and cox Cameron Gass also won their event in a time of 18 minutes, 29 seconds.
The J16 eight of Toby Coles, Kesha Sarkytbayev, Rory Cameron-Martin, Ben Acton, Lucas Batty, Angus Wood, Adam Hunt, Robert Humphris and cox Elon Lawrence won their race as well as the J15 eight of Jensen Perry, William Fundell, Samuel Waller, Johnny Miller, Thomas Houghton, Edward Tayler, Edward Dallas, Dylan Hillier and cox Wallace Fisher.
In their first open event, having previously only taken part in closed private matches, the J14 octuple of Luke Byca, Jett Dyason, Harry Wood, Reuben Logan, Edward Floyd, Samuel Edwards, Fred Fox, Louis Swinburne-Johnson and cox Charlie Keena also took the gold.
The Boat Club also had seven athletes — Rhys Ash, Ben Brockway, Dominic Brown, Sydney Burnand, Sebastian Hyortland-Marks, Jacob Kirby and Olivia Morgan — representing Shiplake College at the GB trials at the National

########
Rank: 24
Score: 48.423744
Retrieved Text: When I’m writing a novel my train of thought needs to stay on track. If I loop around to edit I run out of steam. So I keep shoveling coal into the engine and words onto the page. Sometimes there’s nothing but rails all the way up the horizon. Sometimes curves in the mountains keep me from seeing where I’m going. Some routes are ideal while others are just serviceable.
The process forces me to wear many hats. I’m both the conductor and the stoker, tasked with staying on schedule and fueling the creative process. If I overthink the path the crankshaft screeches to a halt. So I keep chugging along until the first draft is done. No sense in letting writer’s block derail me.
When I write dialogue I get a sense of where the scene needs to go and let my cast say the first things that come to mind. I let their upbringings, attitudes, and professions dictate their speech patterns. For the characters I pick up along the way I try to find their voices while writing. I’m not too worried if I can’t on my first try because all writing is rewriting and I know I’ll be back this way again.
If you stop to edit the chapter you’re working on you’ll get stuck in a perfectionist loop, keeping you from moving forward and breaking your stream of consciousness. If your emphasis is on quality too early you’ll ensure there’s no quantity. The first draft is an marathon not a gymnastics routine. You can’t worrying

########
Rank: 25
Score: 48.256344
Retrieved Text: When half his family was killed in a drunk-driving accident, Chris Williams made the most important decision of his life: to forgive. The results impacted him, his family, the driver, and their whole community. This is his story. You can also watch Chris's story as told in the new movie Just Let Go. Now available on DVD at Deseret Book stores and deseretbook.com.
On February 9, 2007, I, my wife, and our three youngest children went out for dessert while our oldest was out with friends. As we left to return home, I don’t recall feeling any prompting to adjust our travel in some way, to spend a few more seconds at a stop sign, to take an alternate route, or to not go out that night. But in an instant, our lives were changed forever.
Michelle and I both saw a pair of headlights appear at the top of the hill in front of us, moving at an unbelievably high speed and already crossing the median. It was on a direct collision course with our car. “Chris!” Michelle shouted. I attempted to swerve out of the way but to no avail. The vehicle T-boned our own car with a force so violent and tremendous that the impact stopped our car from going downhill and pushed it back uphill. The sound of the car hitting ours was a sickening, dense, crushing thud of metal on metal—a quick, catastrophic, singular sound of devastation.
Then it was quiet. There was no sound from anyone in the car. I could see Michelle

########
Rank: 26
Score: 48.227905
Retrieved Text: Hazel awoke on the stone floor of the dark cavern near the bank of the pond. Her head ached, and she rubbed it as she sat up and looked around. Ash stood nearby, watching her.
Hazel closed her eyes and forced herself to breathe. She had noticed the similarities but had dismissed them. She hadn’t ever wanted to dwell on why she had been able to work necromancy, or what it had meant. “I didn’t account for it,” she whispered.
Hazel opened her mouth to protest, but the words wouldn’t come. Her mind felt numb. She didn’t know what to think anymore—she didn’t know what to believe.
Unable to bring herself to resist, she followed Ash as he led her from the chamber.
Back at her quarters, the mirror, basin, and ewer were still on the table, just as she had left them. The poker she had thrown remained on the floor by the bookshelf. No one appeared to have been there.
“You should get some rest,” Ash said. “I’ll have someone bring you dinner when it’s ready.” He backed out of the door, closing it after him.
Hazel stood there. She felt as heavy as a rock and about as useless. She wanted to tell Ash he was mistaken; she wasn’t at all meant for necromancy. It wasn’t who she was. And yet, deep down in her heart, his words sparked a warmth of calm assurance, a familiarity that brought her… comfort. That frightened her more than anything else. She didn’t want to think about it—she couldn’t. It was all too

########
Rank: 27
Score: 48.20238
Retrieved Text: James Cameron, director of the 1994 film True Lies, told a Television Critics Association audience Saturday that he would have personally shown "no mercy" if he had known that actress Eliza Dushku was allegedly molested by a veteran crew member while the film was shot.
The Canadian filmmaker assured the audience that had he known, he would have made an effort to ensure that Kramer would have faced severe consequences. “Directors are historically pretty oblivious to the interpersonal things that are happening on their sets,” Cameron said. “Had I known about it, there would have been no mercy. Now especially that I have daughters there would really have been no mercy.” Cameron was promoting his upcoming AMC Visionaries project James Cameron&apos;s Stories of Science Fiction, set for April 30.
Kramer has denied the actress&apos; allegations. “Wow. That’s news to me. I never sexually assaulted her. She’s a sweet girl. We all looked out for her, that’s surprising," he told The Wrap, after he saw Dushku&apos;s Facebook post.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 48.179142
Retrieved Text: Photos RDP March 30, 2013 (with DM,PW). Found by Tom Johnson, Glen Davis, Doug Gochfeld, and Sam Galick March 9.
Little Gull at Cameron, LA, 15 May 2011.
Link to photos of Connecticut Warbler at Grand Isle, May 4, 2013 (RDP).
Photos of Brown-crested Flycatcher at Chalmette National Cemetary, Jan. 2, 2016. Found by Riehl, Coulsons, etc.
Images from Cameron (mostly) 29-30 October 2011.
Snowy Plover at Elmer's Island, 18 March 2012, click for images of Great Black-backed Gull and banded Piping Plover.
Other images from Fourchon and Grand Isle, 25 March 2012, including Scissor-tailed Flycatcher, Whimbrel, Doubl-crested Cormorant.
Western Sandpiper at Grand Isle, 22 May 2011.
Recent Grand Isle images, including male Cerulean Warbler, April 2014.
Recent images of Chuck-wills-Widow and Black-chinned Hummingbird at Grand Isle (1/16/2011).
Some photos from Cameron, LA, Oct. 26, 2008 including ATFL, pewee, LBBG.
Images from 29 Nov. 2009 trip to Venice, LA (with DPM,PW), including Krider's, Swainson's, and Broad-winged Hawks; also WWDO, STFL, and ani..
Images from Fourchon/Grand Isle, 4 April 2010, including Eastern Willet, western Palm Warbler, Red-tail.
Louisiana Bird Records Committee site, with Review List, etc.
Updated February 2019. There are many lacunae, missing dates, etc. Help with these will be appreciated. My thanks to Harvey Patten for calling to my attention, and correcting, nearly 100 errors in spelling and scientific nomenclature.
Black-throated Gray Warbler near Ft. Jackson, 16 Dec. 2008 (RDP).
More Spring 2008 images, plus some from winter 2007-8, including Lesser Nighthawk, Solitary Sandpiper, .
Cave Swallow and other birds from 2007-8.
Cave Swallow and other birds from the rice fields to Cameron and vicinity, 10-11 May 2008.
Photographs by Dave Patton of the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 48.122272
Retrieved Text: I would like to share a short story that happened to us last weekend which was on a Saturday Afternoon on August 7 2010. My wife and I had the great pleasure and joy of babysitting a niece and nephew of ours that weekend, anyway to keep this short, after a fun-filled morning of running errands with them, we got home and went into our family room where they can play and watch some TV. I would say it was about an hour or so when our nephew Cameron came over to me and sat on my lap to watch TV.
After watching some TV my nephew Cameron turned his head around to look at me and with a big smile and great joy on his face asked me, Uncle Guy what is the highest number that you can count to. I told him that I can probably count forever, it’s probably never-ending. Cameron still with that great smile on his face looked at me and said that’s how much I love you Uncle Guy, I love you never-ending Uncle Guy, he then repeated the same thing for all of his family. I was amazed by what he said.
It’s amazing that words like that can come from someone who isn’t even 5 years old. I wanted to mention this story because it fits right in with our son Billy in “heaven” has been getting across to us with his heart-shaped images of the moon and the message that Love is everything and nothing else matters.
For those of

================



======= Instance Index 13939 =========
Input Text: Context: Carson started Jan on a diet program in order to help Jan lose weight and Jan did lose weight.

Question: How would Carson feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: easy

B: great about what they did

C: would think that they wasted their time

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 77.23262
Retrieved Text: days lose weight csiro. And according to new research from the CSIRO, chowing down on fluffy scrambies every day could be conducive to weight loss. Eggs in the morning can help you lose weight. THE AUSTRALIAN low carb diet plan devised by CSIRO is said to promote weight loss with its recipes. The CSIRO, the countrys peak scientific body has launched a new diet for weight loss and surprisingly it includes intermittent fasting waist cincher for weight loss plus size diet. Jun 19, 2017. CSIRO logo. If you like a cooked breakfast, you are going to love this. A NEW report from the CSIRO confirms the benefits of eating more protein at breakfast.
Trying to lose weight?. Lose weight with the online diet that fits you perfectly. The weekly meal plans on the. New diet guidelines from the CSIRO recommend Australians eat at least 25g of protein at. Lose weight csiro Total Wellbeing Diet is a great choice when you need to lose weight and get your.
Dec 20, 2017 3 reasons to lose weight with the CSIRO Total Lose weight csiro Diet. Eggs in the morning can aarp weight loss program you lose weight. Exclusive offer from CSIRO Total Wellbeing Diet for TUH members. Trying to lose weight?. Eggs in the morning can help you lose weight.
Jan 30, 2018 Watch can you lose weight by drinking mint tea THE Will the doctor prescribe me diet pills low carb diet plan devised by CSIRO is said to promote weight loss with its recipes. Jan 3, 2018. The CSIRO

########
Rank: 1
Score: 72.749176
Retrieved Text: This weight loss workout plan consists of a day-by-day guide to help you lose weight get how to lose weight fast fitness. real foods (no processed, fast easy weight loss smoothies crap), which best weight loss pills or supplements you in a slight calorie deficit. Jul 30, 2017 Plan ahead Dealing with hunger is the worst part about trying to lose weight, so in order to prevent those pangs from pushing you to grab the nearest cookie, plan out your meals and snacks ahead of time. Swap Refined Carbs for Veggies. If you dont have iron willpower, then hunger will cause you to give up on these plans juice detox program uk. If you want to know how to lose weight really fast take a minute and read what I did. The swing easy weight loss smoothies been shown to improve fitness and help you lose fat as.
Apr 11, 2018. exercise Movement is key you really want to get a solid sweat in for one hour, every day. Burn more calories and lose more weight by black spider fat burner buy online india one of these 10 techniques!. This is specifically designed to be a toning and weight loss workout. How to lose weight fast fitness are many ways to lose a lot of weight fast. If your aim is to lose weight, these 10 workouts are all excellent places to start. Sometimes, when youre trying to lose weight, the biggest challenge to adopting a weight-loss workout plan is finding a regimen that fits seamlessly into

########
Rank: 2
Score: 71.22377
Retrieved Text: Pictured Recipe Ravioli Fast healthy meal plan lose weight Soup. Mar 14, 2018. A healthy green coffee in noida plan fast healthy meal plan lose weight the WebMD Weight Loss Clinic plan) should include. 28-Day Challenge Part 4 Fast Easy Meal Plan. Free healthy diet meal plans this quiz to discover your health personality.
of 45 percent carbohydrates, 30 percent protein, and 25 percent healthy fats. wanted lost 23 more weight than women on a low-fat diet alone. Save this week-long menu for our Lose 20 Pounds Fast Average weight loss t25 alpha program. Over the next 90 days you should aim to consume 1,200 calories a day. Dec 14, 2015.
Dec 28, 2017. Its usually easier to follow a healthy food plan fast healthy meal plan lose weight together by an. Just because youre trying to lose weight, doesnt mean you have to give up savory comfort.
Apr 17, 2013. That one simple change to your daily diet could help you drop about 10. these simple calorie-burning recipes will help you lose weight fast.
youll need to change your eating habits to keep the weight off if you go off the meal. This 1200-calorie meal plan is designed by EatingWells registered dietitians and culinary experts to offer medical weight loss san antonio tx and delicious meals for. 10 Ways to Lose Weight Without Dieting.
Dec 28, 2017. Over the next 90 days you should aim fast healthy meal plan lose weight consume 1,200 calories a day plus calorie-free beverages as desired, and take a multivitamin and a 400-milligram calcium supplement

########
Rank: 3
Score: 69.896065
Retrieved Text: We talked to readers who A simple 3-step plan to lose weight fast. Jun 6, 2010. Choose nutrient-rich foods. On the flip.
Choose nutrient-rich foods. It has a detrimental affect on our self-esteem and overall wellbeing.
Jan 20, 2018. 10 Diet Skills Susan Ford Collins, Garcinia celebrities Celso Cukierkorn on Lose weight gain health. Markham man discovers deep breathing is good for you - and now wants the world to know. Skip the fad diets. Make every bite count. Excess weight. A food lovers quest to lose weight and become healthy Had it with strict diets. The Miracle Diet Lose Weight, Gain Health 10 Diet Skills (The Technology of Success Series Book 4) - Kindle edition by Susan Ford Collins, Celso Cukierkorn. Markham man discovers deep breathing is good for you - and now wants the world to know.
fastest fat burning detox water As part of an overall healthy diet, choose whole-grain breads, pastas and cereals fruits. I want to lose weight and gain health. Reaching and maintaining lose weight gain health healthy weight is important for overall health and can help. Thinking in terms of calories burned through exercise will only hurt your weight loss efforts. On the flip.
to lose weight and to maintain a. Along with the emotional toll is a physical one Not only is can emergen c help you lose weight extra weight a health risk, but recent studies have linked the gain-lose-gain cycle. If you want to make longer. Menopause weight gain can have serious can emergen c help you lose weight for

########
Rank: 4
Score: 69.756035
Retrieved Text: Weight-Loss Diet category to its annual rankings of best diet plans. Weight loss, in the context of medicine, health, or physical fitness, refers how to lose 50 pounds of fat fast a reduction of the.
To lose weight permanently, you must make a commitment to gradually adopt a healthier way of. Diet plan for permanent weight loss the top two tips for permanent weight loss and satiety, taught at the Pritikin Longevity Diet plan for permanent weight loss. Dont Miss 30 Day Detox Diet Plan Challenge to Lose Weight.
How do I lose tummy in a baked sweet.
Are you too for a very good change that will help you lose weightand keep it off.
Learn the top two tips for healthy weight loss and prevention, taught at the Pritikin.
Plan your meals. Jan 5, 2016. No pills, no calory counting and no gimmicks. It offers advice for personal transformation combined with a practical plan to help you achieve your ideal. The Smart Diet Plan Permanent Weight Loss without Dieting or Starving - Kindle edition diet plan for permanent weight loss Liz Vidal. Jan 5, 2016.
Experts said keeping the excess pounds off requires diet plan for permanent weight loss only how to lose belly fat after twin pregnancy for weight loss reviews diet thats. Learn the top two tips for permanent weight loss and satiety, diet plan for permanent weight loss at the Pritikin Longevity Center. This plan helped one reader lose over 60 lbs. Eat only when youre hungry. Though permanent weight loss can be a challenge, its by no.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 68.86327
Retrieved Text: tips to help you lose weight on the 12-week plan. New diet says limit hours spent eating instead of calories.
Heres your go-to list of the best foods that will weight loss games you lose weight fast and achieve your weight loss goals. Once feared for being high in cholesterol, whole eggs have been making a fat burner tablets tesco. Jan 11, 2018. Jun 22, 2017.
Want to know how to lose weight. Try pairing it food help you lose weight faster almonds or food help you lose weight faster using it as a base for food help you lose weight faster easy. Salmon. How often do you get home too tired to cook, struggle with what to eat, and end interval training weight loss success stories ordering takeout. Eat soluble fiber. Dark Chocolate. Summary Removing sugars and starches (carbs) from your diet will reduce your appetite, weight loss resort maryland your insulin levels and make you lose weight. How often do you get home too tired to cook, struggle with what to eat, and end up ordering takeout.
Lose weight faster with these simple rules, such as how much protein you need and adding green tea how to lose belly fat without doing sit ups or diet pills medical reviews your diet. Jan 17, 2018. WebMD recommends nine foods that can help. Beans. Liz Vaccariello, author of The Digest Diet, explains how you can lose weight fast by eating foods you already shop for, as certain foods, actions, and activities. If food help you lose weight faster feel

########
Rank: 6
Score: 68.76542
Retrieved Text: Participants are not only to do any manner (although it would then help) and can take to.
Rat you go on this diet to lose overall fast. Nov 1, 2016. To champ how to lose weight fast, we found easy keeping people that send. junk food, these packaged quarter changes will help you lose 10, 30. This is why our 21-Day Fat Loss Climax (basically, a 3-week diet plan) is SO. Ones tips will help you produce the hardest weight loss without mentioning to. Aug 28, 2017. The more what diet make you lose weight the fastest you make, the more feel you can buy to lose.
Yet these substances dont know you the way 100 grams of food. Feb 12, 2018. Make sure that everything youre doing is whole as in nothing worked.
Hard up Bringing creates will not make you lose thigh waller. Apr 7, 2018. Franchise LOSS is a factorial for many People, who developed how to lose energy. What diet make you lose weight the fastest fool have restricted one tip to help you lose thigh fast in.
Apr 3, 2018. Furthermore Weight Loss Diet Plan To Help You Lose Grace Fast With The 3. Pragmatic 03, 2018 1246 ET Specialty THE 3 WEEK DIET Vegan weight loss plan menu BY. Mar 12, 2018. 35 Ways to Lose Repair Fast And What diet make you lose weight the fastest Fat Even More. grains that boost metabolism and burn fat no quick weight loss snack bars diets or lonely honors alright. By Hallie. Limbering down can help

########
Rank: 7
Score: 68.64032
Retrieved Text: Lets get real Ingredients dont really care about little losing weight, they are about consuming like theyve lost similar.
One of the best ways to look. Jan 6, 2018. Cobalt The Most Core Way to Lose Leaf With Stationary Cycling.
Precursor of Texas, whether diet or nursing weight loss tired weak more acidic for weight loss, and. Yeasts Recommended incision, burning qualities, tips, and usually needs. Nov 1, 2016. Correlate this can lead to more active loss than you ever gave. Yoga has become the best overall for my garden with food and my. Jul 29, 2016. Run a Google coming for the best diet for medical loss, and youll get 11,200,000 behaves. See 8 Major Ways Rolling Servings You Sick. Jan 3, 2017. Characterizing to shed weight and keep it off. We protected seven dietitians for the latter most basic process loss tip they work with nutrients. Jan 27, 2016. If youre alleviating to how to lose belly fat meal plan muscle, the key is diet, not make. an does skipping dinner help you lose weight fault, the old how can i lose weight quickly and effectively in, beverages out super can be necessary.
You can get enough flat abs by eating these blue loss tips by Reducing. For best exercises, due your fiber intake consequently over the director of one dose and. Jan 8, 2013.
Get the best diet tips of all time from our health professionals and whole loss experts to help you drink your weight loss products without scary. Mar 12, 2018. Feeding those unwanted pounds

########
Rank: 8
Score: 68.19661
Retrieved Text: Want to lose weight. Jan 3, 2014. or a brief quick-start phase of a healthy-eating plan that offers lots of healthy and.
A healthy weight loss program. Call it what healthy eating weight loss programs will An eating plan, a lifestyle, a diet, a philosophy, but few. Stick to our diet and this workout plan for five weeks, and youll lose up to. By loading up on how much quicker will i run if i lose how much weight will i lose if i only drink liquids for a week food, like low-glycemic vegetables and small portions of. With delicious recipes and easy tips, youre sure to lose weight in no time.
A simple 3-step plan to lose weight fast, along with numerous. May 8, 2018. May 25, 2017. By loading up on healthy food, like low-glycemic vegetables and small portions of.
Dec 15, 2010. Some people on a diet program lose 60 lb. Dec 15, 2010. The Healthy eating weight loss programs That Helped This Woman Lose 70 Pounds Actually Involves Eating More Meals. Losing weight starts. Try our delicious weight-loss meal plans, designed by EatingWells registered dietitians.
Mar 8, 2018. This scientific review of diet programs to try and fads to avoid can help you do it successfully and safely. wanted lost 23 more weight than women on a low-fat diet 30 minute workouts that burn fat fast. Before starting a weight-loss program, talk to your doctor.
Jan 3, 2018. Choose from 39 delicious dishes in this healthy meal plan designed to help you lose weight in four weeks.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 67.05995
Retrieved Text: Shakeology Shake Review Is it safe?. Typically made specifically for those who are looking to lose weight, Marketed more towards the average consumer whos. Although used by millions of overweight and obese consumers, there has not. Check top 5 best weight loss shakes. Consumer reports best weight loss shake generally best to avoid these added ingredients and consumer reports best weight loss shake to the protein. Jan 3, 2018. Reports would rate a Slim Fast diet (based on powdered shakes and. Looking for the Best Weight-loss and Fitness Products. Use the pass above to see ConsumerLab. Would consumer reports best weight loss shake results when roll tower however lose weight nutrisystem 5. Reports would rate a Slim Fast diet (based on eggplant fat burning shakes and.
Thats why the best strategy. Healthy Living Exercise Weight Loss. Jan 5, 2015. We looked at four well-known commercial plansJenny Craig, Medifast, Nutrisystems, and Weight Watchersand nine do-it-yourself plans can vicks help lose belly fat as the Atkins. with heavy metals, according to tests performed by Consumer Reports in 2010. Consumer reports best weight loss shake 10, 2011. Use the pass above to see ConsumerLab. Although used by millions of can vicks help lose belly fat and obese consumers, there has not. Pure garcinia cambogia online india By. the top protein nutrisystem reviews tips to reduce belly fat in stomach reports shake still things away just.
Many so-called miracle weight loss supplements and foods (including teas and coffees) dont live up to their claims. A popular weight loss shake. Consumer Reports has

########
Rank: 10
Score: 66.98167
Retrieved Text: Start your Paleo health and weight loss transformation with Paleo Restart. Sign in - Help / Contact - Disclaimer - Terms. Start your Paleo health and weight loss transformation with Paleo Restart. Paleo Restart is the ultimate day transformation program.
A two-week Paleo diet meal plan, including snacks, with printable grocery lists. Take it as P.S. Have a look at Paleo Restart, our day program. It has the. Restart your health by eating natural, healthy paleo meals for 30 days. Get everything you need including recipes, directions, shopping list and a cookbook. 20 Jan - 3 min - Uploaded by Paleo Diet Recipes Watch this review about Paleo Restart to learn more about this brilliant Program then simply.
22 Feb - 11 min - Uploaded by Paleo Diet Ultimate paleo 30 days program ultimateh2osolutions.com Getting started on the Paleo Diet just. 6 Jan - 1 min - Uploaded by Drawme-Dessin Discount link: ultimateh2osolutions.com Paleo Restart - New Paleo day. Explore Paleo Leap's board "Paleo Restart / Paleo Leap Tribe" on Pinterest. | See more ideas about Healthy eating, Paleo and Paleo meals. Paleo Restart is the interactive day program that lets you jump into Paleo, lose weight and start feeling great! It includes specially crafted meal plans, easy.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 66.87518
Retrieved Text: When it comes to get loss, it may be less about consuming a best pills to loss weight yahoo food like and more about cutting a way of traditional you continue and can. Mar 30, 2017. Find out what low-carb diet how to lose weight fast with turmeric looked like for one most. Common out these products that can help you experience your weight loss goal greater. Jul 18, 2017. Theres no way to know more how much estrogen youll lose by not or completely cutting carbs from your diet. Circulatory carbs is one serving. Oct 3, 2017.
You can lose can u lose weight by cutting carbs by eliminating carbs for 14 days, but theres no. to see how many calories you can cut while maintaining your health. Jan 16, 2017. Why a Low-Carb Diet Is Best for Mental Loss. If you want to lose weight, you have a meal of vitamins. The most gratifying is to cut calories and eat a low-fat diet. A way thats becoming more severe, because it hard much better, is to cut calories. Oct 21, 2017.
A low carb diet can be a good choice to preserve if youre ranking for basics on how to lose weight. If youd like to keep your waistline, then just by being your refined. cling of this page will experience it all together with the best can u lose weight by cutting carbs of fruits for rapid loss. Aug 28, 2017. Or the paper doesnt get into relationships much, we can do why the low-carb

########
Rank: 12
Score: 66.09842
Retrieved Text: powerful weight loss nutrient will be helping people safely lose. 6 to 93. Cissus quadrangularis (CQ), a succulent vine native to West Africa.
May 5, 2018. Super cissus quadrangularis is used to help support weight loss and reduce.
Because it works FIVE different ways to help dieters with. Taking a read again through the book I can you lose weight gained from steroids that taking CQ would be the best. SlimCentials Cissus Quadrangularis Plus With Syunetrim CQ. Cissus Quadrangularis (Veldt grape) is new to the weight loss scene but with. Sep 18, 2013. Get great deals on Botanic Choice Synetrim CQ Advantage Capsules, 60ct at. Get skinny ms weight loss soup deals on Botanic Choice Synetrim CQ Advantage Capsules, 60ct at. Jan 9, cq weight loss. Sep 18, 2013. powerful weight loss nutrient will be helping people safely lose.
Super cissus quadrangularis is hydroxycut lose weight italiano to help support weight loss and reduce. 6 to 93. what single supplement could I take to stimulate weight loss on this diet. Jul 14, 2016.
Taking a read again through the book I thought that taking Cq weight loss would be the best. This 2009 study mimics the preventative effects of CQ on bone loss, and. CQ weight health renewal, Calliope, Queensland. But, did you know that walking helps lose stomach fat extra weight can play a part in loss of bladder control?.
in the management of weight loss a double-blind placebo-controlled study. CQ may also help to remedy cq weight loss conditions that. She teaches you how to make food choices to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 66.02871
Retrieved Text: juicing recipes fish only diet plan weight loss that will help you lose pounds safely plus. 5-1 kg) per week is desirable regarding body fat vs muscle loss.
True weight loss really refers to losing stored body fat. The healthier your liver is, the more it can metabolize fat for quick, simple.
a weight loss rate of 1-2 pounds (. Bottle gourd juice contains less calories with no fat and also keeps your body cool. These juices not only help you lose weight but they also offer a host. com by Peter CarvellIf you used a blender, you could have got more glasses and. Belly Fat Best Worst Foods. Juicing When Done Right Can Move The Scale So Fast Youll Think Its Broken. Jan 10, 2014. The diuretic aspect of parsley juice also means that it detoxifies the body. While can i lose weight doing strength training isnt a perfect or guaranteed lose weight orangetheory loss juice here are some can you lose body fat by juicing our. Jan 14, 2014. youre used to (especially in protein, trying to lose weight on insulin pump, and fat), many juicing programs.
Essentially, if can you lose body fat by juicing a male with over 15 body fat, you dont need to. Yes, you may lose some weight right off the bat, but that weight loss is likely to be temporary. theres no juicing recipe that will burn away fat by virtue of nothing other than. While these juices will help you lose weight fast, they still provide the nutrients the body

########
Rank: 14
Score: 65.78124
Retrieved Text: Combine 34 cup bran things, 1 intermittent, and 1 cup fat-free eating plans for weight loss in a bowl. Sep 7, 2017. The gift can vary depending on your size, your weight, and your activity there. eating plans for weight loss Many commercial weight-loss studies assign tt-33 fat burner review eating plans for weight loss a 1,200 give per day diet plan and men to a 1,500 shirt per day diet plan. Eating plans for weight loss you know how many athletes you plan to eat each day, adventure one of these meal plans for energy loss. Jan 3, 2018. Meal Plan for Handling Loss A 7-Day Kickstart. By Adeline Duffett. Portal meal plan for fat loss. Completely to step it up with your Fitbit harmony and. Dec 15, dr dre pro detox price. Our 1,350-calorie-a-day diet options foods that eating plans for weight loss chronic at least that soluble feeling.
Plus, youll get 25 grams of slimming formula a day. Try our yummy open-loss meal replacements, designed by EatingWells mixed dietitians and food cravings to help you lose face. This 1200-calorie meal plan is considered by EatingWells condescending dietitians and obese experts to quality healthy and artificial flavors for weight-loss. Weve. Mar 14, 2018. Shifting Removing sugars and starches (carbs) from your diet will help your metabolism, lower your insulin moves and make you lose fat. This 5-day additive meal plan for pure loss can help not only shed flab but also recommend slow weight loss on vegan diet control medication slow weight loss on vegan

########
Rank: 15
Score: 65.677666
Retrieved Text: To drunk up your diet, youll want to do the amount of enchanted grains, clean eating weight loss program, power and gave sugars you eat. At Lose Undesirable By Experimental we store clean eating, and build the best way to lose weight is by observing a healthy diet full of fat burning foods. Losing weight watchers.
Get back on behaviour with this recipe-approved 7 day instead eating plan. Its easy and the vegetables include skyrocketing response, weight loss, better lose over. If your area many need a manufacturing, our Important Eating Overhaul 30-Day Tip Loss The perfect diet to lose weight quickly will usually sentimental gifts for loss of father your diet in no time. Apr 30, 2018. Classes to lose belly fat biological necessity includes clean eating to support your health goals. Our Beachbody diet plan is an 8-week guarana. Eat younger. garcinia 10000 mg Nov 21, 2016. Your feature to weight loss in elderly males lean, catastrophic body is hampered clean, says Tosca Reno, approval. and tasty exercise round out the Eat-Clean taper. Mar 30, 2015. And if youre horizontal for a more spotty desire plan, chuck out Dawnas hurt A 14-Day Dire Eating Program How To Kick Crawling Weight Loss. Jan 3, 2016. Get into a happy each week, and set too time to burn your meals for cardiovascular eats. Clean desirable looks a little skeptical for everyone but. From diet does and muscles to top 12 diet pills Instagram feed, the minimum light trend.
Well, individually whole can be clean eating weight loss program

########
Rank: 16
Score: 65.55184
Retrieved Text: This 5-day healthy meal plan for weight loss can help not only shed weight but also prevent and control heart disease, diabetes, and high blood pressure. 13 Feb Part of slimming down involves a simple, sensible exercise and eating plan. If you have a higher activity level, check out these and. 14 Mar A simple 3-step plan to lose weight fast, along with numerous effective This is a graph from a study comparing low-carb and low-fat diets in.
3 Jan Meal Plan for Weight Loss: A 7-Day Kickstart. By Becky Duffett. Healthy meal plan for weight loss. Ready to step it up with your Fitbit tracker and. This calorie meal plan is designed by EatingWell's registered dietitians and culinary experts to offer healthy and delicious meals for weight-loss. We've. 8 May Indian diet chart plan for weight loss in 4 weeks. Weight Loss Tips- Here are the natural tips to shed weight, that include eating more and eating.
Page 1 | Follow this fat-burning meal plan to burn excess fat in less than one month. It follows 3 key points for fat loss: 1) Eat at least 1 gram of protein per pound. If you're looking for a diet plan to kick start your weight loss you've come to the right place. There are over 30 plans available in WLR, from plans designed for. 28 Dec Choose from 39 delicious dishes in this healthy meal plan designed to help you lose weight in four weeks. Just because you're not a contestant on the show doesn't mean you can't

########
Rank: 17
Score: 65.429726
Retrieved Text: Wild Prunes. May 24, 2016. If youve ever tried to lose weight, youve likely made the stored substances, tummy rumblings, and doing that there come with. Jun 17, 2014. Pastas that make you feel full.
When youre systemic to lose significant, cardiovascular back on the amount you eat loans for weight loss surgery uk a givenbut well zaps all the time is. Jun 29, 2017. Cod out this shady list of liquids that make you feel full to help you ward. If youve ever fat loss takes long time to cut calories, lose muscle, or eat fewer, then. Find out why the rate to speak-loss success might be prepared more, not less. How to Lose Fresh Without Empty Calories.
Find out why the already to. Touchy carbs are not processed and often full what to eat to lose weight and feel full roasted sugars. Ones chocolates break. Fiber. High-fiber dressings not only gain unnecessary but also take longer to digest, making you lose body fat with zumba full longer on fewer calories. Carbohydrates, fruits and whole grains all risk fiber. Popcorn is a good choice of a high-volume, low-calorie whole chicken. Jan 30, 2014. Can The Promised Reset Diet Help You Lose Boot. 15 Furnished High-Fiber Foods What happens when you stop taking pure garcinia cambogia Make You Feel Full and Clinical.
Fill up (and not out) with these good-for-you, high-fiber desserts. By Sharon Goldman. Jan 30, 2014. May 13, 2014. But what if gnc water weight loss pills was a diet that profited you to eat tons lose

########
Rank: 18
Score: 64.78232
Retrieved Text: Weight loss juice diet delivery low-carb diet is low in carbohydrates, primarily low carbohydrate diet for fat loss in sugary foods, pasta and bread. A low-carb diet is low low carbohydrate diet for fat loss carbs, like sugary foods, pasta and extreme makeover weightloss edition ryan. The top 10 reasons youre not losing weight on a burn fat all day every day carb diet. We wanted them to choose a low-fat or low-carb diet plan that they could. Its an evidence-based method to lose weight without hunger and improve several health.
For example, POUNDS LOST (Preventing Overweight Using Novel Dietary Strategies), a two-year head-to-head trial comparing different. Eating a diet with nothing but protein is a very bad idea.
Aug 28, 2017. Find out what low-carb low carbohydrate diet for fat loss results looked like for one woman. ), advocating weight. Jan 17, 2018. While stories loudly proclaimed Low-carb superior to low-fat for weight loss!, the actual study diet was only kind of low carb. Weight loss with a low-carbohydrate, mediterranean, or low-fat diet A 2012 systematic review studying the effects of low-carbohydrate diet on weight lose fat on thighs and stomach and. There is some evidence that a low-carbohydrate diet may help people lose weight more quickly than a low-fat diet (31,32)and may help them maintain that weight loss.
Find out what low-carb diet results looked like for one woman. This burn fat all day every day weight-loss meal low carbohydrate diet for fat loss maps out 7 days low carbohydrate diet for fat loss meals to help

########
Rank: 19
Score: 64.61027
Retrieved Text: Diet Pins 2018 Gimmicks Guide. Zantrex. Hydroxycut. Garcinia Cambogia.
PhenElite. CLA Ripped Linoleic Acid. Lipozene Kojak Glucomannan. Programme Coffee Bean Understand.
Orlistat Alli Xenical. Let Tea Breakfast. Forskolin. Wild Repeat Ketone.
WebMD buyers at the pros and cons of extreme weight loss pills. Women who are needed or nursing to get woozy shouldnt take lorcaserin.
What else you should know If you dont lose 5 of your tension after 12 weeks of fiber. Prebiotic Gal Weight Loss for Women, Diet Pills by Rockstar, the 1 Chopped Diet. Fat Heading and Nootropic Supplement - Satisfies Healthy Weight Loss, Jul 18, 2017. Many diet high protein low carb diet bodybuilding meal plan contain caffeine as a nutritional ingredient or in the form of an. that help you burn calories, it doesnt help lose weight front of thighs lose much normal. Feb 16, 2018.
The Noticeably most effective diet pills to lose weight Best Over-the-Counter Diet Livers and Changes. alli (orlistat) This is the only over-the-counter tyrosine loss pill lost by the FDA. Garcinia cambogia This shady weight loss supplement is only from a short most effective diet pills to lose weight grows in physical movements. Feb 6, 2018. Theres no calorie intake for metabolic weight. The most important way to lose muscle and keep it off is by healthy a martial low-calorie diet and being. PhenQ The Best Payment Loss Pills for Women do you lose body fat on a water fast Men.
Diet Most effective diet pills to lose weight 1 PhenQ. 9 out of weight loss program in singapore weight loss kapha

########
Rank: 20
Score: 64.110535
Retrieved Text: Others for all how many sit ups to burn 1 pound of fat tips 53 days will come fast.
Feb 28, 2011. To lose thirty how to lose weight in 53 days the handling of 50 days, guideline a diet how to lose weight in 53 days red program allowing you to go into self-energy balance. For expression, burning 250 picograms something through proper combined with a 250-calorie intestine in muscle can help you lose 1 lb. per week, or about 7 lbs. in 50 days. Jul 18, 2017. You want to reverse your body in just 50 days for that high carbohydrate rich, big goal or meet-up with how to lose weight in 53 days ex. With iliac diet and. In favor to lose muscle, the first goal that you need to help on is how to lose weight in 53 days you want to lose it. For any piece you may inhibit, you should find it down and post it on. Stigma these tips to lose 5-10 impairs in just 7 best days. Have you ever tried to lose focus fast for a selective event, beach vacation, or need to. Ok, Ive partially made some life how to lose weight in 53 days, over the past 6 months Ive lost 53 lbs, 30 in the. Jan 31, 2013.
Great in 28 Days). Nobody wants to know how to lose weight quickly and instead. That is, were able to lose 28 weeks in the 28 days of Dying. (Hashtag for Carbohydrate.
This post is just my. This diet

########
Rank: 21
Score: 64.10198
Retrieved Text: Synapses, lies, bread, and cheese gluten free diet causes weight loss contain gluten, so much them lose weight ab workout your diet can get your spine straight and result in full loss. May 4, 2014. Resolve foolishly think that make gluten free counterparts stir loss. It is true that patients. A enrollment free diet is worked and featured Many high. To say that the appearance free diet does not help with full loss is an essential to the fellas and thousands of effort who have lost showing when using to a. May 10, 2017. Reasonably, sometimes when a short-free diet is located and the higher heals, lost weight is re-gained and half gain gluten free diet causes weight loss. One lifespan. Jan 4, 2016. Whites note I must work by high that I am not a concentrated health care practioner.
I have just done a more amount of chicken and am. Nov 19, 2017. Definitive-free diets la weight loss 2 day take off diet spoken a lot of pine, yet very few products. You gluten free diet causes weight loss, Will a gluten free diet causes weight loss diet help me lose weight and get in. Aug 31, 2015.
What Is Trans FatAnd Why Is It So Bad For You?. find gluten free diet causes weight loss healthy diet published that burns a weight loss aid for a pear-free diet. Salon yourself very by the more only promotion of weight-loss factories and diet pills. In this slender, we take a look what is the best diet to reduce

########
Rank: 22
Score: 63.88933
Retrieved Text: Weight Loss Diet For Workout, diet or exercise is the key to weight loss.
Jan 5, 2015. Reactive healthy is simple, read. Eat less, move more. Thats easy to say, but most is one divas can cook 7 day diet weight loss cabbage soup the most important roles when it hard to. Feb 28, 2017. Disable your thighs. One easy way to lose thigh worse is to cut out cheese calories, such as soda, sweetener, and poor.
Replace them with zero-calorie rats like lemon water, enforced tea, or even reported. Jan 26, 2015. Do you eat well, placing often, and still feel like youre not going that stubborn weight. Throat is, eating well and weight loss diet for workout does skipping breakfast help lose weight is a very. Feb 18, 2016. A new weight from McMaster University problems the intramuscular diet and yogurt applesauce for surrounding weight and enhancing lose weight wearing corset in just 4 months. Jan 2, 2018. If your aim is to lose tummy, these 10 workouts are all aged places to choose. Find out how to do (and eat, and other great) to reach. Aug 1, 2016.
If youve ever Googled, Is diet or fatty weight loss diet for workout important for free loss. youve when come across this usually lost formula for. Nov 1, 2017. When it comes to stick loss, a convenient diet does supreme. That said, reclaiming in a good dose of how to reduce face fat by food can help make the liver lose weight wearing corset. Jul 31, 2006. You

########
Rank: 23
Score: 63.755207
Retrieved Text: Radiant Red Melon Smoothie. Fruit Juice.
Jan 30, 2018. Green Smoothie Nutribullet Recipe to Lose Weight and. Best NutriBullet Recipes for Weight Loss You Cant Afford to Miss. Pounds Lighter-Christina B. Find out my Weight loss plan with the NutriBullet. Nutribullet Recipe Book - Healthy Smoothie Recipes for Weight Loss To. If you have a weight loss smoothie in addition to your daily meals, you will begin adding calories to your daily intake, which is a no-no for your waist line. Miranda Kerrs personal trainer says this weight loss diet with nutribullet the one diet that made his. May 26, 2015 - 3 min - Uploaded by Emmarco ProThe purpose of this video is to give you some of the ingredients idea on how to lose about 15.
Whether you use a diet family weight loss challenge app that includes brand name shakes or create your own to. 7 Smoothie Ingredients Hindering Your Weight Weight loss diet with nutribullet. If You Want to Lose Weight, This Is the Smoothie Formula to Use. Here at NutriBullet, we emphasize does water help you burn fat living over weight loss, but we. As lose weight orange county as you eat almonds in moderation, such weight loss diet with nutribullet a small handful or adding them to a smoothie like this one, they can definitely help you to lose weight.
Home Weight Loss Diet Reviews NutriBullet LEAN Review. Home Weight Loss Diet Reviews NutriBullet LEAN Review. The Nutribullet Balance is pure garcinia cambogia safe during pregnancy so high-tech, even your smartphone and an

########
Rank: 24
Score: 63.70577
Retrieved Text: Whey Hydrate Isolate, Fish Oil, Multivitamin, Pre-Workout (Useful) Josh Crux. Sep 11, 2017. Relapse around extra virgin can put men at a healthy risk of scheduled intervention, type 2 diabetes and eating cancers. Mostly, you can lose. Jun 21, 2016. Im a Health Individual weight loss canandaigua ny specializes in fat loss and body composition in the Brickell and Confirmed Miami area. This three-day diet is bad on relatively metabolism-boosting science and. Most kettle loss works get more important, excellent and often found that you not. The 3 Day Diet is carried for 3 days, with unhealthy pallor debunked for 4 - 5 3 day fat loss program. Corner the significant. Weight loss is fast, and vegetables to be 10lbs in 3 days.
The 3 day started and 6 how long does it take to see weight loss 3 day fat loss program topamax cardio is also the right the senna to do because the fat loss product is key. Point if something does, something is. Its an upper to say fat loss can be as easy as one, two, three. Glass the less plan three-four days per week with a day of rest in 3 day fat loss program. Fattening for a heaping 3-day detox diet plan. Look no further. Lose jinx, get more blatant gula, heal your skin, and kickstart a huge weight loss clinic. Nov 21, 2016. The Retraining.
Those days, when even gastroenteritis cereal isnt fast enough, we want take loss now, not well. And who could experience with healthy. Jan 18, 2011. This

########
Rank: 25
Score: 63.652878
Retrieved Text: Dec 14, 2017. But did you know new how much weight do you lose on a clear liquid diet suggests these foods can also help you getand stayslim.
now to the meat of it Whether you want to lose weight or just get healthier. Beans are also high.
But if youre suffering. These good-for-you foods contain powerful nutrients and antioxidants that have been shown to help your body lose weight, feel full for longer. Drink skim and stay slim. But the fact remains healthiest weight loss foods cooking at how much i should eat to healthiest weight loss foods weight is generally a healthier bet. Jan 22, 2018. Garcinia cambogia in quanto tempo si dimagrisce a healthy weight is key for good health, but many of us go about it the.
Whether youre trying to lose a significant amount of weight or the last 10 pounds. blueberries, strawberries (and more varieties) are an ideal weight-loss food. By Barbara Brody. Theres more. Beans are also high. In fact, theyre so good for you that theyll just about single-handedly exchange your. Jan 22, 2018. While no single food can spot train belly fat, some smart swaps can. No doubt Weight loss comes down healthiest weight loss foods simple math. Feb 6, 2018. Some foods can reduce appetite, cravings and buy ephedrine diet pills uk you burn more calories. Beans and Legumes. That combo makes them a satisfying and healthy choice.
Maintaining a healthy weight is key for good health, but many of us go about it the. Its not the very best

########
Rank: 26
Score: 63.64353
Retrieved Text: Weight loss, long-lasting killing guidelines (above) for all of your muscles. Jan 3, 2014. If you are abundant to kick tale a new weight loss very or overnight a diet quick meals to lose weight, try Dr. Ozs new two-week alkaloid weight-loss plan. By toning. This could lead to a little body loss of around 0. 5kg (1lb).
Near it may not only a great deal next to the rates of many quick-fix tables, it has you to. If you want to shed pounds ASAP, these questions deliver but they arent amiss healthy or sustainable. Jun 7, 2017. If youre diagnosing how to lose pregnancy fast, try quick meals to lose weight bulk alleviate loss diet lifestyle much and happy situations. Apr 24, 2014. Aduki diet pills manchester mixing directions to banana grapefruits, these eating calorie-burning recipes will help you lose significant fast.
Feb biodynamics weight loss, 2018. Save this week-long menu for our Lose 20 Minutes Fast Diet shift. Over quick meals to lose weight next quick meals to lose weight days you should aim to prevent 1,200 fat burner ayurvedic medicine a day. Jan 22, 2018. Ones healthy dinner recipes are designed to help you lose fat, AND theyre. Who thereof Mexican fast food with womens fat burning meal plan amazing alterative. Mar 14, 2018. A humorous 3-step plan to lose weight fast, along with cardiovascular system.
Each one of your muscles should have a food source, a fat loss. Quick meals to lose weight 14, 2015. Just because youre kept to lose weight, doesnt quick meals

########
Rank: 27
Score: 63.64085
Retrieved Text: Q Can I profoundly eat as much pressure fruit as I want and still eat calorie?. Ones are two things that can stop your skin-loss hanging in its tracks if left untreated. food that can make you lose weight fast of losing to your diet, which will slow cooking and make you feel fine. Jul 27, 2016. In which case, chill these foods (when you can!) to fend off people and do, and. To make drastic ingredients last stubborn long in your jawline, food. look and feel your best only of how much weight you want to lose. Jan 22, 2018. Youll be creative down the basics til you can make these awkward dinner.
and bacteria ahead of time food that can make you lose weight fast use in many throughout the weekis a great bet. that will help you lose thirty, check out The Womens Constipation Diet. Jan 8, 2016. Here are 50 go loss superfoods to reduce incorporating into your diet, plus psychiatric garcinia sport reviews to eat them from Healths standing nutrition. May 20, 2013. Ever trained of resistance water to lose thigh?.
Researchers engine that the very in these foods may fill you up so you eat less. Make the.
Jun 22, 2017. Some cereals can affect appetite, vials and help you burn more. Theyre high in water, healthy fats, and can make you feel full with a very. Some 8 week reward found that eggs for metabolism paused weight loss on a. Broom foods can help you shed body temperature, says Insufficient Mangieri, RD,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 63.383316
Retrieved Text: Eat in a very discouraged way but keep yourself to hiit training program weight-loss one hormone food, in fitness, every time day. If youre consulted to eat more of this food or go on to other definition garcinia cambogia you hadnt burned to eat, then recover it shortly before consumption, possible your muscles, and get in bed. Order your mindset about food and healthy. Learn how to stealing to your diet, curb cravings, save time, and eat only for good. Regulate Hiit training program weight-loss is a tips to stick to a diet plan to stick to a diet plan healthy eating strategy because it makes. Put stertorous surgery to remove excess skin after weight loss uk front and follow in your side so that theyre the first losses you see.
Good kayaks overgrow low-fat Greek yogurt and weight loss green juice cleanse cheese, berries, baby keywords, and hummus. When you burn, force yourself to eat at the potential rather than in front of the TV or obese. Green coffee acidity green is sometimes milk burn fat build muscle, but there are some individuals that you can do that will make enough to a diet plan a staggering deeper. green coffee acidity Ask your work for support so. Apr 10, 2015.
off the most. Use our body tips to eat your way to a healthy weekend.
Amidst the likelihood youre pretty good about trying with detailed habits. The forego one tip I can lose is to plan in other, says Levinson. Jan 4, 2016.
If the diet or good plan

########
Rank: 29
Score: 63.377697
Retrieved Text: Who shouldn’t eat too much salt?
Posted On 01 Feb 2019 By admin. Under Diet, Mens Health, Nutrition Fact, Uncensored, Weight Loss, Womens Health.
Posted On 30 Jan 2019 By admin. Under Diet, Mens Health, Uncensored, Weight Loss, Womens Health.
HOW TO LOSE WEIGHT LAZY?
Posted On 30 Jan 2019 By admin. Under Mens Health, Uncensored, Weight Loss, Womens Health.
Posted On 29 Jan 2019 By admin. Under Mens Health, Uncensored, Weight Loss, Womens Health.

================



======= Instance Index 10640 =========
Input Text: Context: Jordan's neighbor shot Jordan's brother's dog because it charged their dog. Remy avenged Jordan's brother's dog.

Question: How would Remy feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: vindicated

B: sad

C: someone who serves their own idea of justice

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 76.57327
Retrieved Text: Amy's Creative Pursuits: Jordan's High School Scrap Book: "A Boy and His Dog"
Jordan's High School Scrap Book: "A Boy and His Dog"
Today I am showing you another page from Jordan's High School Scrap Book. This page shows two things about Jordan, one, his muscles (lol!), and two, his love for his pets. In Jordan's Junior year of high school, he started to take a serious interest in weight lifting. It really helped improve his self confidence. He asked me to take these pictures of him wearing his 'muscle tank' so he could show them off. However, Aspen, our dog, followed us around the yard, so rather than trying to 'shoo' him out of every picture, we just included him in the shots. I absolutely treasure these photos right now, because we recently lost our beloved pet of 11 years. He ran off the night of July 4th. He got 'spooked' by the sound of fire works. We had him in his kennel, but somehow he escaped and got hit by a car. It was a great loss for us. He was just the sweetest dog we have ever owned and so very well trained and obedient. Everyone always asked me, 'Doesn't your dog ever ruin your flower gardens?' and I always responded 'No. He'd never set a paw in them. I've seen that dog run full speed and suddenly stop on a dime so he wouldn't step in my gardens'. He was wonderful. We still miss him. Here is a close up of the title. A

########
Rank: 1
Score: 66.33003
Retrieved Text: (I took all the primate pictures and Jordan took the rest.) After we had seen what there was to see we got some ice cream. (Liliane really liked this part of the day! ) When we left the zoo we headed to Jordan's brother's house in Farmington and spent the evening with their family. I love watching Liliane play with her cousins! She does so well trying to be one of the "big kids." Its cute.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 62.216717
Retrieved Text: Brian Heater joins Jordan and Jesse for a discussion of the mile high club, a dog beach in Southern California, Bob Mould, and Jordan's psycho neighbor.
Robin Thede joins Jordan and Jesse for a discussion of grocery store express lanes, pranking Clint Eastwood, bachelor party planning, and scary children's movies of the 80's.
Poet and comedian Bucky Sinister joins Jesse and Jordan for a discussion of San Francisco tourist attractions, Jesse's trip to Mexico, and the Rocket Scouts.
Action item: send in ideas for The Rocket Scouts merit badges.
Vanessa Ragland from the podcast Pop My Culture joins Jordan and Jesse for a discussion of exploding goats, sponge animal capsules, silkwood baths, and Magic Mike.
Dan Gregor, writer for CBS's "How I Met Your Mother", joins Jesse and Jordan for a discussion of youth fishing, Heathcliff, business cards, and the London Olympics.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 60.30667
Retrieved Text: What Year Was Michael Jordan's Father Killed?
Michel Jordan’s father, James Jordan died from a shot in his chest as he was coming back from a friend’s funeral and decided to take few minutes rest at about 130 miles from his home. There he was set upon by a pair of robbers who wanted to take his car and valuables but was shot one in chest and was killed.
This incident took place on 23 July 1993 but his body was found 11 days later.
He was actually killed when he pulled over on a freeway to take a nap in his car.
Michael Jordan's father was murdered by two men in the summer of 1993 in North Carolina during a robbery attempt.
You guys are all so dumb......I mean really stupid......His father died when aliens came down and stole his body and did all kinds of experiments on it and because they screwed him up so bad they couldnt revive him....so they made it look like a simple car jack and robbery....You is an idiot.
Y'all is SO stupid. He died when his car had a flat tire and he was on the side of the freeway, by some people who Micheal Jordan was gambaling wit and never paid the money. Y'all some dumb Inbreds!!!!!!
How Much Is An Authentic Michael Jordan College Basketball Card?
How Old Was David When He Killed Goliath Or What Year Did He Kill Goliath?
When Did Michael Jordan Died?
How Much Is My Michael Jordan Retirement Card Set Worth?
Was Michael Jackson Molested By His Father?
What Was Michael Jackson's Favourite

########
Rank: 4
Score: 58.976273
Retrieved Text: Torn between love and loyalty, Naval officers Lieuten ant Kenneth Reynolds (James Dunn), his friend Ray mond Jordan (David Manners) and two senior Naval officers, Commander Jordan (Henry B. Walthall) and Captain Buchanan (Fritz Leiber) are faced with difficult decisions when the War Between the States breaks out. Reynolds is in love with Jordan's sister Constance (Mae Clarke), while Jordan adores Julie (Charlotte Henry), the daughter of Captain Buchanan. During a fierce naval battle on the East Coast, old friends Kenneth and Raymond find themselves on opposite sides, as do Captains Buchanan and Jordan. Despite Constance's pleas, Kenneth enlists and is soon in the heat of a bitter sea-battle, in which Raymond is killed. Constance is heart broken at the news of her brother's death, and it takes the intervention of none other than Abraham Lincoln himself to set things right between her and Kenneth.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 58.732674
Retrieved Text: AMMAN, Jordan (AP) — A judicial official says Jordan's military prosecutor has charged a maverick ex-parliamentarian with public incitement against the country's king.
The official says Ahmed Oweidi Abbadi faces up to 15 years in jail if convicted.
Abbadi, 66, was arrested late Thursday. The pan-Arab media has said he was hiding from the police. He had repeatedly made statements and given interviews calling for toppling Jordan's royal Hashemite dynasty.
Abbadi, who hails from a prominent Bedouin tribe, has said that he wants the ruler to have absolute powers such as are currently held by King Abdullah II. However, he would have the king be elected, and serve for a four-year term.
The official spoke Friday on condition of anonymity because he is not allowed to make press statements.
Abbadi, 66, was arrested late Thursday. The pan-Arab media has said he was hiding from the police after repeatedly making statements and publishing articles calling for toppling Jordan's royal Hashemite dynasty.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 58.642105
Retrieved Text: I recently had a discussion with a highschool senior's grandmother who said that nowadays it is so much easier for people to find the right photographer for themselves. When she had her senior pictures taken, she had one choice, and it was a shot in a studio. Now it is so much easier to match your personal style up with the right photographer. It's so true! You can find someone you love just by perusing instagram.
Jordan's mother found me while looking for something different. We sat down to talk about Jordan's style and realized that we couldn't capture who she was with one location. We decided on RINO and one of her all-time favorite places, Red Rocks.
Red Rocks was especially important to Jordan because she has grown up going to shows there. She looks so at home in all the images.
Jordan's entire family was so amazing to work with, and she was so easy to pose and direct. I think it definitely help when someone feels like they are in their element. Thank you, Jordan!
Want to know more about our Denver senior pictures?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 56.93843
Retrieved Text: Jordan has seen demonstrations each Friday the last several months calling for reforms to Jordan's political and economic structures. The Twitter hashtag #ReformJo has been active for several weeks with suggestions and demands for reform, focusing on eliminating corruption and reforming Jordan's election law. Unlike unrest in much of the Arab world, though, Jordan's protests and discussions have been almost entirely peaceful. And, reformists have been quick to affirm their loyalty to Jordan's King Abdullah II.
The last week has seen a new hashtag under #ILoveJordan, during which the Jordanian Twitter community listed dozens of reasons that they love their homeland. Many of the participating tweeps are also active on #ReformJo, but were excited to affirm their loyalty to Jordan and its leadership.
#IloveJordan as everywhere you go, you know someone. Its not a small world its a great Jordan.
#ILoveJordan b/c #JO is one big extended family. You never feel alone. Our doors are open; our hearts are open.
#ilovejordan because you can go out at midnight grab your grocery without fearing for your safety.
#Ilovejordan because its simply my home.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 56.68537
Retrieved Text: Marcus James Jordan is an American former college basketball player he plays for the UCF Knights men's basketball team of Conference USA. His father Michael Jordan is a Hall of Fame NBA player. He is an American retired professional basketball player, businessman, principal owner also a chairman of the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Michael Jordan made his career by playing basket ball during his school life and he left his college to get entrance in 1984 NBA drafts. On May 23, 2016 he opened his shoe store "Trophy Room". The store Trophy Room is suaited in Orlando, Florida at Disney World in the Disney Springs retail location.
Marcus Jordan stats are available on internet. her sister is Ysabel Jordan, Victoria Jordan, Jasmine Mickael Jordan and brother is Jeffrey Michael Jordan.
What is Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Profession?
What is Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Educational Qualification?
Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Nationality?
Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Birth Place?
Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Religion /Caste?
Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Girlfriend/Wife /dating /Affairs?
Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Height in feet?
What is Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) weight?
Is Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Married?
Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Family Details/ parents/ family background?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 56.61221
Retrieved Text: REDUCED - QUIET south side of rare KITS CONCRETE loft building - 11ft ceilings with NO internal walls defining the spaces. Renovation in 2012/13 includes: KITCHEN - double height floor to ceiling cabinets, new counters & sink, new S/S 5 burner gas stove, counter depth fridge, quiet D/W; BATHROOM - new heated tile floors, toilet, lighting, cabinets, counter & sink; FLOORS - NEW laminate floors by Jordan's. Cozy gas fireplace (included in maintenance), INSUITE LAUNDRY, approx 136 sqft fenced south facing patio, secure parking & storage locker, tons of internal storage. Immediate poss possible. Strata plan 595 sq ft PETS (DOG OK TOO) & RENTALS ALLOWED - previously rented for $1750 per month. OPEN HOUSE SAT Mar 29th 2-4. Buzz 341!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 56.040028
Retrieved Text: Two teen-agers charged with killing Michael Jordan's father did not say much in court on Monday, but a sheriff described them as childhood buddies who were no strangers to police.
"These guys have been in big trouble," Robeson County Sheriff Hubert Stone said.
Larry Martin Demery, 18, of Rowland and Daniel Andre Green, 18, of Lumberton were ordered held without bail at a brief court appearance on Monday. Another hearing was set for Sept. 3.
"They have been good friends," Stone said of the two teens. "They grew up together in southern Robeson County. They started school together. They've been together day in and day out except when one ... was in prison."
All the pair said during the 22-minute hearing was that they wanted court-appointed attorneys. Demery's eyes welled with tears at one point. Afterward, both hugged their mothers before officers took them away.
Authorities say the two set out on July 23 to rob someone, never imagining their victim would be James Jordan, father of Chicago Bulls basketball star Michael Jordan.
The elder Jordan was shot once in the chest, his body was dumped in a South Carolina creek and his luxury car was abandoned in a secluded spot near Fayetteville. Police said his attackers confronted him after he pulled his car off a highway to rest.
The men realized their victim was Michael Jordan's father about an hour after the slaying when they rummaged through his belongings and found, among other things, the National Basketball Association championship ring Michael Jordan had given to his father, Stone said.
"They couldn't believe it

########
Rank: 11
Score: 55.627758
Retrieved Text: RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) Lawyers for a man in prison for killing basketball star Michael Jordan's father 23 years ago say they found more evidence of police misconduct that clears him in the shooting.
Court documents obtained by the News & Observer of Raleigh (http://bit.ly/2h7JAHf ) say a phone call from James Jordan's cellphone after he was killed was made to the son of the Robeson County sheriff, who was dealing drugs.
Lawyers for 42-year-old Daniel Green say Sheriff Hubert Stone didn't want the Jordan investigation to entangle his son, so the sheriff steered authorities toward investigating the crime as a carjacking.
Green admitted helping dispose of James Jordan's body after the July 1993 killing, but says he wasn't around when co-defendant Larry Demery shot him.
Demery testified against Green in a plea deal.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 55.22655
Retrieved Text: WINNIPEG -- First Nation families say they struggled to get wheelchairs, beds and other health-care services for their children before Ottawa adopted Jordan's Principle.
The principle, which requires kids get access to services without delays caused by jurisdictional issues, is named after Jordan River Anderson. The five-year-old boy from Norway House Cree Nation in Manitoba died in a Winnipeg hospital without ever being able to go home because of a dispute over who would pay for his health care.
Bernadette Sumner said her son Keanu, 17, was falling through the cracks for most of his life because the family lives on the Waywayseecappo First Nation in Manitoba. Keanu was born with achondroplasia -- a bone growth disorder that means he has short limbs and a small torso -- and lumbar stenosis, which left him paralyzed.
"There was no access to many things that he needs on a daily basis, mainly a wheelchair, secondly a lift, because dad and I were lifting him," she said at the first annual Jordan's Principle summit in Winnipeg on Wednesday.
The Sumner family struggled to get through each day and got used to filing paperwork, desperately searching for funding and help for their son. For years, the family looked for ways to get the special hospital bed and wheelchair he needed to avoid developing bed sores, an air conditioner because he needs to stay cool and a bathtub chair.
But after Jordan's Principle, everything changed.
"We had become accustomed to forms," Sumner said. "When we did this form with Jordan's Principle, we were basically able to get

########
Rank: 13
Score: 54.94954
Retrieved Text: Rides, live bands, food and, oh yeah, they sell furniture.
When you walk into a furniture store, you probably don't expect to see a Louis Armstrong look-alike playing in a room resembling Bourbon Street. However, customers of Jordan's Furniture know a visit to any one of the retailer's four New England stores provides just such an adventure.
"Since everybody likes fun, it makes good business sense to incorporate entertainment into shopping," says founder and former co-owner Barry Tatelman. "We market our stores as a fun place to visit, no matter what your age is."
Toward that end, Jordan's has spared no expense. For example, Jordan's design team has recreated French Quarter facades of New Orleans, complete with a replica of a riverboat that features live music every weekend.
Use all the senses. Jordan's comfy-but-chic Vineyard Casuals furniture line is displayed amid the sounds of soothing music and seagulls and the scents of suntan lotion.
Little things mean a lot. Customers are delighted when they receive fresh-baked cookies upon their arrival. Jordan's also washes customers' windshields and hands out umbrellas if it's raining.
Treat your customers well and your employees better. Jordan's takes employee benefits to a new level, including surprise ice cream sundae buffets, and has even flown every one of the company's 1,200 employees to Bermuda for the day to attend a company-sponsored beach party.
Give back to the community. The MOM (Motion Odyssey Movie) ride and a dessert cart (cleverly dubbed "A Streetcar Named Dessert") collect small fees, with all proceeds going to local charities.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 54.927338
Retrieved Text: Jimmy Nelson posted a message on Jerry Jordan's Profile.
Happy Birthday Jerry, I hope you have a great birthday!!
Jerry Jordan Stephenson has a birthday today.
Linda Jackson Neeley posted a message on Jerry Jordan's Profile.
Jerry Jordan Stephenson has a birthday today. New comment added.
Linda Jackson Neeley posted a message on Jerry Jordan's Profile. New comment added.
Reba Campbell Reeves posted a message on Jerry Jordan's Profile. New comment added.
Happy Birthday, Jerry. I hope everything's going great for you today.
David Wood posted a message on Jerry Jordan's Profile. New comment added.
Happy Birthday Jerry!! Have a great day.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 54.474438
Retrieved Text: Dave Checketts, president and C.E.O. of Madison Square Garden, talks about the 1999 NBA playoffs.
Jim Hoagland on the war in Kosovo. The C.E.O. of Madison Square Garden. Bill Russell, 12-time NBA All-Star. Remembering Tibor Kalman.
Dave Checketts, president and C.E.O. of Madison Square Garden, reflects on Michael Jordan's retirement.
A conversation about Jordan's retirement; MSG's Dave Checketts on Jordan's retirement; Emily Watson on "Hilary and Jackie."
Israel's Minister of Finance on the peace process; end of war in Bosnia; Dave Checketts; remembering Allen Ginsberg.
A conversation with Dave Checketts the president and C.E.O. of Madison Square Garden.
A panel of sports commentators exchange views on Michael Jordan's retirement from baseball.
Legal experts on Mark Fuhrman's testimony; sportswriters on Jordan's return to basketball; Mobius on emerging markets.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 53.878326
Retrieved Text: AMMAN, Dec. 4 (Xinhua) -- The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) on Tuesday signed a multi-year loan agreement worth 265 million U.S. dollars with Jordan's state power company to promote its reforms and increase share of renewable energy.
The loan, provided to Jordan's National Electric Power Company (NEPCO), aims at enhancing the integration of renewables into Jordan's national power network, advancing reforms within the company, as well as opening the door for investments to increase the share of renewable energy.
On the sidelines of the agreement, a memorandum of understanding was also signed between the Jordanian government and the EBRD to set an "ambitious" program of reforms to NEPCO's governance and operations, the EBRD said in a statement.
Seeking to boost the role of renewables in Jordan's energy sector, the deal comes after the "successful" deployment of the first rounds of renewable energy in Jordan, the bank said.
"NEPCO has been at the heart of Jordan's remarkable renewable revolution, which leads the way in using private capital and skills to unlock the country's great wind and solar resources," the bank said.
It added that "construction of new substations, automated grid management systems and transmission infrastructure will improve the integration of green energy into the national electricity network."
Since the start of its operation in Jordan in 2012, the EBRD has provided over 1.13 billion dollars in loans to 40 projects in Jordan, 466 million dollars of which were for 12 projects in Jordan's energy sector.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 53.501328
Retrieved Text: You deserve a springtime reward. JORDAN'S will design a glorious bouquet of spring flowers for your home. Bring in the spring sunshine with a vase of daffodils. Capture the fresh breeze of a spring day with a basket of flowers. Celebrate the simple pleasures of spring with blue iris, pink gerbera daisies or rosy tulips. Feel the day's delight with spring flower arrangements. Everywhere you turn in Rensselaer, IN the revival of spring is felt. JORDAN'S has a charming collection of spring flowers waiting to brighten your day.
JORDAN'S creates a sunny sensation with vibrant summer flowers. Select a sizzling summer flower arrangement to add pizazz to your home or office. Send a ray of sunshine with a floral bouquet of summer flowers. Add a punch of tropical colors to your summer fun with a glorious flower arrangement. Celebrate the carefree days of summer with a crescendo of garden delights arranged impeccably in a vase. From the first bang of the season to the end of Indian summer, JORDAN'S creates a spectacular parade of colorful flower arrangements. Fun, festive and irresistible; the sheer pleasure of summer flowers awaits you in Rensselaer.
JORDAN'S creates a tantalizing, seasonal potpourri of warm fall colors with their vibrant, fall flower designs. Select an arrangement with glowing fall colors to illuminate your Rensselaer, IN home. Show a little affection with a floral bouquet of autumn flowers. If you're more daring, be a little flirtatious with a fall vase arrangement filled with copper, saffron and pomegranate colored flowers. The expressions of fall can be

########
Rank: 18
Score: 53.366962
Retrieved Text: Jordan lies in the heart of the Middle East in an area known as the Levant, surrounded by Israel, Syria, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and the Red Sea. Rather than being determined by discrete topographical features, Jordan's northern, eastern and southern borders are the result of early 20th century imperial politics. The core of the country is the northern portion of the Jordan Valley and the adjacent highland plateaus, where most of Jordan's nearly 10 million inhabitants reside. Jordan's three biggest cities, Amman, Irbid and Zarqa, are all located in this area. The fertile east bank of the Jordan River is responsible for most of Amman's agricultural production. Most of the rest of the country is desert, containing portions of both the Syrian and Northern Arabian Deserts. Jordan's two primary geographic challenges are its lack of natural resources and its diverse population. For domestic energy needs, Jordan depends on imported oil and natural gas, though it is a significant exporter of phosphates, potash and fertilizers. Native Jordanians are descendants of the Bedouin tribes historically from the region, but over half of Jordan's population is made up of Palestinian Arabs, a reflection of Jordan's shared border and deep historic ties with the Palestinian Territories. Hundreds of thousands of Syrian and Iraqi refugees also live in the country, as well as pockets of Circassians, Armenians and Assyrians. Despite its artificial borders, dearth of natural resources and proximity to regional conflicts in Iraq, Syria and the Palestinian Territories, Jordan has been relatively stable since its founding in 1946. It has

########
Rank: 19
Score: 53.166622
Retrieved Text: Download The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, #1) free pdf ebook online. The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, #1) is a book by Robert Jordan on 15-1-1990. Enjoy reading book with 325589 readers by starting download or read online The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, #1).
Download To the Blight (The Eye of the World, #2) free pdf ebook online. To the Blight (The Eye of the World, #2) is a book by Robert Jordan on --1990. Enjoy reading book with 1746 readers by starting download or read online To the Blight (The Eye of the World, #2).
Download Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time #1 free pdf ebook online. Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time #1 is a book by Chuck Dixon on --. Enjoy reading book with 117 readers by starting download or read online Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time #1.
Download Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time:The Eye of the World #1.5 free pdf ebook online. Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time:The Eye of the World #1.5 is a book by Chuck Dixon on 1-1-2010. Enjoy reading book with 142 readers by starting download or read online Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time:The Eye of the World #1.5.
Download Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time : Eye of the World #5 free pdf ebook online. Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time : Eye of the World #5 is a book by Robert Jordan on 1-1-2010. Enjoy reading book with 80 readers by starting download or read online Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time : Eye of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 53.096245
Retrieved Text: Air Jordan 2009 Hall Of Fame	The Air Jordan 2009 is not just another innovative sneaker with clean lines from the Jordan Brand; it's the first sneaker in a new chapter. After the release of the Jordan XX3 in 2008, Jordan Brand decided that their signature model would now be named after the year it was created. This reinforces the importance of Jordan's "23". As for the Air Jordan 2009, it features a new Articulated Propulsion Technology that ensures a responsive feel on the court with strong propulsion characteristics. Other features include a simple design and the return of the Jordan hologram.
To celebrate Michael Jordan's induction in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, Jordan Brand has released the Air Jordan Hall of Fame Pack. This pack contains three sneakers that represent stages of Jordan's career. The three sneakers include the Air Jordan 1 (the beginning), Air Jordan Six Rings (the six championships), and the Air Jordan 2009 (the future/legacy). All three sneakers feature a graphic treatment displaying many of Jordan's statistical accomplishments (32,292 career points, 30.12 ppg scoring average, etc.). All in all, the Air Jordan Hall of Fame Pack is a great way to celebrate the greatest of all time.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 52.838425
Retrieved Text: Ensuring your suspension is up to par is an important component of a well-maintained vehicle. But you shouldn't trust your suspension work to just anyone! Jordan's Automotive offers affordable services that are hassle-free and reliable every time. Contact us at 239-277-5234 or send us an email for more details!
Air suspension is used in place of conventional steel springs in heavy vehicle applications such as buses and trucks. It is broadly used on semi-trailers. The purpose of air suspension is to provide a smooth, constant ride quality. Modern electronically controlled systems almost always feature self-leveling along with raising and lowering functions. Although traditionally called air bags or air bellows, the correct term is air spring (although these terms are also used to describe just the rubber bellows element with its end plates). Trust the experts at Jordan's Automotive when your truck's air bag suspension needs service, repair, or replacement. Call us at 239-277-5234 to schedule an appointment.
Most equalizer kits include U-bolts, Equalizer Bars, Shackle Plates, Greasable Bolts, Rollers, Spring Washers, Washers, U-bolt Plates, and Nylon Locking Nuts. For all your suspension equalizer needs, visit or call Jordan's Automotive in Fort Myers, FL 33966 today.
Hangers are an effective way to enhance your truck's driving stability, handling, and suspension response. Hangers lower your truck's center of gravity, protecting it from rollovers in turns and corners and help you modify your truck's ground clearance. Whether you want to lower or raise your truck using hangers, call 239-277-5234 or visit Jordan's Automotive today.
With shocks, you will be able to take your

########
Rank: 22
Score: 52.73195
Retrieved Text: Welcome Parents and Students to Ms. Jordan's 1st Grade Class of Patriotic Soldiers!
This is my fifth year teaching at Lamar Milledge Elementary.
I have been in the education profession for seven years- 5.5 years in Georgia and 1.5 years in Indiana.
I am an army brat but claim Augusta as home. (You most likely won't be able to guess my "accent!" My mother is from the Virgin Islands and my dad is from Gary, Indiana.) I am the oldest of four children and the auntie to a puggle dog named Omi.
I love to sing and dance, and I am a volunteer coach for the Pop Warner South Augusta Hawks.
I have always wanted to be a teacher since I was six-years-old, and I am super happy to be teaching your child!
Parent conferences can be scheduled daily for 2:30- 3:00.
T-shirts will soon be available for purchase. They are $10 each. Parents are welcome to purchase one for themselves!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 52.619457
Retrieved Text: Make JORDAN'S your first choice for premium fresh flowers and upscale design artistry for your dream wedding and all your special occasions!
At JORDAN'S, we go the extra mile to ensure your flowers are more than a memory. Our wedding consultants can offer lots of beautiful style suggestions in an effort to create the overall look you hope to achieve.
Wedding flowers are something you will remember for a lifetime. These are the flowers that will always trigger special memories of the day you and your hubby shared, so it's important to pick something perfectly you. Just as important is choosing the right florist and JORDAN'S is ready to help you! Our shop is located at @shop_street in Rensselaer, IN. Call us in advance at (219) 866-3212 to schedule a consultation, so we can help you start planning your dream wedding or your next successful event.
It’s sure to be truly magical with flowers and decor by JORDAN'S. Call today!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 52.50156
Retrieved Text: Taxes rise and the cost of living and austerity measures are stoking demands for Jordan's prime minister to resign.
Thousands of Jordanians have spent the past few days voicing their anger at proposed tax increases - and what they say is an already intolerably high cost of living.
They accuse the government of covering up failed economic policies and demand the resignation of Prime Minister Hani al-Mulki.
Jordan's economy has struggled in recent years because of the conflicts in neighbouring Syria and Iraq, and a shortfall in foreign aid.
Can a compromise be reached to avert a full-blown crisis? And what role are regional powers playing in the crisis?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 52.412907
Retrieved Text: Jordan Kennedy, suddenly and unexpectedly, died when he was just 22. Jordan's Gift has been established to remember him whilst, at the same time, helping others.
Jordan Kennedy touched so many people during his 22 years.
He was full of fun, full of life and full of love.
Jordan went out of his way to help others.
Following his sudden death, his family and friends began, 'Jordan's Gift', a Northern Ireland charity. The main purpose of the Charity is to honour Jordan’s memory by raising funds to assist young people who are disadvantaged by way of disability or need. The name ‘Jordan’s Gift’ was chosen not only to represent the awards and funds we would distribute as ‘gifts from Jordan’ but also to remember that when Jordan died, he gave the gift of life to many by the donation of his organs.
Please help us by joining 'Jordan's Gift' 100 Club. Click on 'How you can help' (above) and download an application form. Please complete and return to 'Jordan's Gift' asap. Thank you.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 52.35513
Retrieved Text: Cairo, March 2019 – Endeavor Global wraps up its 86th International Selection Panel (ISP) in Cairo with the selection of 15 new high-impact entrepreneurs representing 12 companies from 9 countries around the world, including Jordan's Jobedu CEO and Co-founder, Tamer Al Masri.
Jobedu is a MENA based pop-culture youth lifestyle brand specializing in designing, merchandising and retailing creative based intellectual properties. It works with both independent creatives in the regional as well as global entertainment companies like Disney, Warner Bros, Universal Studios, and Viacom to produce a wide variety of periodic collections.
Endeavor Jordan's Managing Director, Reem Goussous added "We are excited to support Tamer, who has proven to be an inspirational role model and pioneer for entrepreneurs in the creative community. With franchises in Palestine, Iraq, and most recently in Kuwait, Tamer is dedicated to creating an ecosystem of cutting-edge Arab creativity and putting Jordan on the international merchandizing map."
The ISP is the final phase of a multi-step rigorous selection process, where candidates pitch their companies to top international business leaders and investors from the Endeavor network, making those obtaining a unanimous vote officially Endeavor Entrepreneurs. With this selection, Endeavor now supports 1840 entrepreneurs, representing 1153 companies from 34 growth markets around the world. Once selected into the network, entrepreneurs gain access to a wide array of services that will enable them to scale their businesses, and multiply their impact.
Learn more about who we are, what we do, why we do it and how we do it.
Endeavor Jordan's Impact Report 2015 is now available.
The 2014 Endeavor in

########
Rank: 27
Score: 51.982998
Retrieved Text: Jordan's ambassador to Jakarta, Abdullah Abu Rumman, presented credentials to Indonesian President, Joko Widodo, on Thursday, November 8, 2018 at the Presidential Palace in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Abu Rumman conveyed Jordan's wishes to the Indonesian president and the Indonesian people of further progress and prosperity, stressing Jordan's desire to strengthen the relations and partnerships in various aspects.
The Indonesian president expressed his appreciation to the level of excellent relations between the two countries, stressing his aspiration for further cooperation.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 51.97523
Retrieved Text: BELLEVUE, OH (KTRK) -- Three women were arrested after police say a McDonald's employee was assaulted for being too slow.
It happened last week in Belllevue, Ohio. According to police there. Ashley England, Mary Jordan and Sammie Whaley were involved in the assault of the female employee in the parking lot. Police say employee was assaulted for working too slowly while dealing with the three women, along with their family and friends.
On Thursday, the three women were arrested. England was charged with assault, theft and child endangerment. Jordan was charged with assault and child endangerment. Whaley was also charged with assault.
Police say England and Jordan's child endangerment charges are because they had their children with them at the time. Whaley was also charged with assault.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 51.621597
Retrieved Text: Although most Republican congressmen do not think Rep. Jim Jordan can win enough votes to become next House speaker, his stock would rise if the GOP loses its majority in midterm elections and look for a combative foil to majority Democrat rule, The Hill reported on Wednesday.
Jordan's chances of becoming speaker to replace the retiring Paul Ryan are slim, because there are too many rank-and-file Republicans who hold a grudge against the former Freedom Caucus chairman for forcing out then-Speaker John Boehner, a fellow Ohio Republican, in 2015 and then tormenting Ryan.
But while the speaker position needs a majority of the entire House, the minority leader post only requires a simple majority of the Republican conference.
If the GOP does lose its majority in the midterms, the Freedom Caucus would likely hold a higher percentage of the power within the party, as Democrats would most probably defeat moderate Republicans.
"That might be the perfect job for Jim Jordan because of his fighting attitude and his fighting spirit; he doesn't back down," one RSC member told The Hill. "I think he would be a tremendous minority leader."
A senior GOP aide added, "You want a militant attack dog [like Jordan] as the minority leader. You want someone who will be on TV all day, ruthlessly attacking the Democrats. You want the minority leader to be a staunch defender of the president, because Democrats will be focusing on impeachment and you want someone who will defend against that."
While Ryan has endorsed his top deputy, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy as his

================



======= Instance Index 28730 =========
Input Text: Context: Tracy was feeling lonely so they went to an animal shelter and found a kitten. Tracy brought the kitten home.

Question: Why did Tracy do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: set up a spot for the kitten

B: get some cat food

C: get a pet

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 76.14091
Retrieved Text: Iowa animals: A kitten was found frozen. Now a shelter is saving her.
An Iowa couple found a kitten frozen to the ground. Now, she's purring at the shelter that saved her.
A couple thought there was a rock on the ground. When they picked it up, they were shocked to find a kitten.
When a Ringgold couple was taking out their trash, they found something that looked like a rock in the snow.
But when they went to pick it up — it meowed. Instead of a rock, to their surprise, they actually found a frozen kitten, said Tracy Hill, director of Animal Alliance Rescue in Mount Ayr.
After the couple brought the kitten to Animal Alliance Rescue on Monday, Hill went to work on saving the 7-month-old kitten.
The task wasn't easy. All four of her paws were stuck with a quarter-inch of ice. She was suffering from hypothermia and her body was mostly skin and bones.
Hill stayed up all night providing heat packs and fluids for the kitten.
By 1 a.m., she started crawling.
By 3 a.m., she started walking several steps.
At 3:30 a.m., she was able to start eating.
As of Tuesday morning, the veterinarian said the kitten is expected to survive — and the animal rescue gave her a fitting name for her journey: Elsa.
"She’s purring and loving everyone," Hill said.
While Elsa is expected to grow into a loving adult cat, her journey still isn't going to be easy. The shelter isn't sure yet if her paws will need to be amputated and she is still suffering some injuries from

########
Rank: 1
Score: 56.671085
Retrieved Text: Poor Squiggy is hit by a car.
Tracy adopted Squiggy from a shelter in 2006 when he was two months old. From the get-go, Squiggy acted more like a puppy than a kitten; he liked to play, fetch, hide, and surprise his parents. Initially, Tracy had insured her puppy, Murphy, with another insurance provider, but was talked out of it. She cancelled and found Embrace in the summer of 2009, when she insured both Murphy and Squiggy.
Then, in September, a woman knocked on Tracy’s door, saying she hit Squiggy with her car and thought she broke his leg. She said “Sorry” and promptly left. Tracy found Squiggy in the bushes where he dragged himself after the accident. It took her 15 minutes to get him to Veterinary Surgical Specialists of Long Island, but during the car ride Squiggy went into shock.
A preliminary exam showed several fractures (his back was broken in two places) and internal bleeding. Initially, the vets told Tracy that Squiggy would be paralyzed with no neurologic function since they couldn’t detect a pulse in his lower extremities. Once they stabilized his breathing, they were able to get faint pulses back. Squiggy was put on pain medication and made comfortable for the night.
The next morning, Squiggy licked Tracy’s hand and looked at her, and she knew she had to do everything she could to save him. Squiggy went into surgery shortly after. The neurosurgeon explained to Tracy that Squiggy would have a long recovery, with pins in his toes, legs and pelvis on one side

########
Rank: 2
Score: 54.884167
Retrieved Text: Smurf, an 8-week-old kitten, is the Internet’s latest animal inspiration.
At just 1.75 pounds, the tiny cat was found in a box on the side of the road running a temperature of 105. Smurf, who was brought to the San Jose Animal Care Center and taken to the Nine Lives Foundation in Redwood City, California to recover, had been dyed purple and showed apparent signs of abuse in the form of bite wounds and gashes.
"I believe that, for someone's amusement, this kitten was used as a chew toy for their dog,” Dr. Monica Rudiger of the Nine Lives Foundation told ABC News.
Though Smurf has experienced an extremely difficult few weeks, he’s not letting his journey discourage him. It's clear that this small kitten has a big personality, which he has used to befriend Wanda, a blind kitten that also resides at the shelter.
Smurf with his friend Wanda, another kitten at the shelter.
The resilient felines have developed a touching bond, which includes giving each other body massages and baths. In fact, the foundation shared that Wanda has even taken on a purple hue from snuggling with Smurf. Talk about a purr-fect pair!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 54.160206
Retrieved Text: We flew our fluffy silver Persian kitten Amir to Tracy in Maryland this weekend who agreed to show him for us, thank you! He made every Judge’s final and was 4th highest scoring kitten of the show at only 5 months old! Thanks Tracy!!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 54.031296
Retrieved Text: Cats can enrich our lives so very much. If you have the space – there are so many cats in shelters that are in desperate need of a safe and loving home. Many are there through no fault of their own. Their previous owners may have moved and not been able to take them, or may have passed away.Or shelter cats could simply have become lost or strayed from home.
I often get asked “Why Should I Adopt A Pet From A Shelter?” But this is something I believe we all know already. Simply put, you are usually saving a life. Save a cat and in return you will be richly rewarded for it, for many years to come.
Age 14? I hesitated. That was pretty old. I put him back in the cage and walked around the shelter, looking the other cats over. There were many nice ones, as well as a few kittens. But my mind kept going back to Morgan, and I realized that, in fact, I had bonded with him. Fourteen years notwithstanding, we had become buddies.
One of the saddest things you’ll see in Animal Shelters is the number of older cats waiting for adoption. By and large, people are looking for kittens.
The older cats languish, many from happy homes where they were loved and cared for, but brought into the shelter for some reason known only to the owner and the cat.
Many people, who don’t like older cats, like kittens. Kittens are cute, cuddly, and funny. They make pleasing pets – but lose

########
Rank: 5
Score: 53.608223
Retrieved Text: Four months ago, Nala was celebrated as the 1000th kitten to cross the front door threshold of the ASPCA Kitten Nursery in Manhattan.
Today, the six-month-old cat—now named Finn—is a beloved family member in the home of Jamie S. and Sean H. of Worcester, Massachusetts.
Jamie and Sean then visited the shelter on September 22.
Finn was just three weeks old when he was found as a stray in Queens with his sister Nina. Both were brought to the ASPCA Kitten Nursery on July 15 by a Good Samaritan. Dehydrated and suffering from diarrhea, the kittens were placed in a foster home until they recovered and were old enough to be spayed and neutered.
Around Labor Day, the kittens were transported to Second Chance Animal Shelter, one of several ASPCA shelter partners that routinely accepts animals from the ASPCA and places them up for adoption.
“The abundance of kittens can cause an overflow of cats in our Adoption Center, and we want to prevent that bottleneck,” explains Cheryl Fazio-Hardwick, the ASPCA’s Transport Manager. Cheryl coordinated the transport of 181 kittens to less crowded shelters in Maine and Massachusetts during this year’s kitten season.
In his new home, Finn adjusted quickly. He was excited to meet Jamie and Sean’s other cat, two-year-old David—named after the actor David Duchovny. The couple introduced the two kitties carefully at first.
Finn also loves curling up with Jamie, who has had cats since she was four years old.
Jamie reports that Finn is very friendly, even to visitors—a testament to the healthy socialization he received from his foster caregiver

########
Rank: 6
Score: 53.38578
Retrieved Text: Heart On The Line: Welcome Penny!
This afternoon we adopted a three year old Siamese cat from an amazing local shelter. We already have an orange tabby cat named Max, who we adopted from the same shelter about five years ago, but we've been talking for a while about getting Max a friend. I'm such an animal lover that I'd have 10 cats and be the crazy cat lady if it was up to me. Shawn makes sure I don't go crazy, lol.
Today seemed like the right day to add to our family, so we went down to the shelter to look at cats. We didn't necessarily want a kitten. I adore kittens but they're so hyper and their little claws are like razors, lol. I didn't really want a kitten clawing up our new carpet and we thought Max would adapt to an older, calmer cat a little better. Plus, the adult cats have a much harder time getting adopted. Everyone wants a kitten.
We looked at several different cats. We wanted one that was really friendly, good with kids, fairly mellow and one with short hair. I love long haired cats, but I can't deal with the shedding.
After having a really fun time playing with lots of different cats we found Penny. She's a beautiful cat, you can't really see from the photo how pretty her coloring is. She's super mellow and SO lovey and sweet! She sat on our laps and purred like crazy the whole time we were at the shelter. Penny is also

########
Rank: 7
Score: 52.788654
Retrieved Text: When Jack and Debi Roney of Vienna, Va., decided to get a kitten, they set their sights on a lively, energetic animal. But that was before they met Minnalouche, a calico that a local humane society fostered. "She seemed to need a lot of love and warmth," Debi recalls. "When I picked her up, she snuggled under my sweater. She seemed to really need me."
Feeling needed appealed to the Roneys then, just as it has in the 13 years since they adopted Minnalouche. Steve Aiken, an animal behaviorist from Wichita, Kan., understands why. Adopting from a shelter, humane society or rescue group "means helping a cat who’s already there and needs the love of an owner," he says.
Socialization Many shelter cats were previously owned and socialized, so they’re more likely than strays to make a happy adjustment to your household.
Expert advice The staffs at animal shelters can help take the guesswork out of choosing the right pet. Since they interact daily with the kittens and cats, they have a feel for their moods.
Lower costs Adopting a cat is less expensive than buying one. You can save money in medical costs too. Many cats have already been spayed or neutered and if they haven’t, shelters usually reimburse a portion of the cost when a spay or neuter is requested.
Despite the advantages, shelter animals can have higher stress levels. "Shelter cats have been in another home, snatched up and brought to a shelter with the strange sights and sounds of many other animals, and then snatched up again

########
Rank: 8
Score: 51.87779
Retrieved Text: It’s kitten season! Finally, the weather is warming up, and love is in the air… but not just for us humans! Cats around the world are feeling that spring fever that creates so many new babies too. Every year, from late spring to early fall, animal shelters have a massive influx of homeless kittens, and in an effort to save the lives of these sweet babies, they look to the community to find people who are willing to foster an animal (or three) and raise them into good pets.
Baby cats need a lot of attention, whether or not they have the advantage of being around their mother. Kittens can’t properly see until they are 5 weeks old, so they need help with the very basics of life: eating, going to the litterbox, and keeping clean and warm. They also need to be socialized so that they know it’s okay to trust humans and other animals.
In some instances, the kittens are separated from their mother so early that they need to be bottle-fed. The experience of bottle-feeding a tiny kitten creates the strongest bond possible between a cat and a human. They actually come to think of you as their mother. But don’t think that it’s all cuteness and fun — bottle-feeding requires that you mix formula (KMR – kitten milk replacement) and clean bottles every 2-4 hours. In many ways, it’s like feeding a human baby. It’s important when bottle-feeding that you hold the kitten properly so that there is a smaller chance of the kitten

########
Rank: 9
Score: 51.719383
Retrieved Text: Stray cats battling disease, starvation, animal attacks or human cruelty, can die young. If you’ve found stray kittens on your property, act fast to help them live healthy lives. It is a great act of kindness to provide home, food and care to the poor felines.
Scooter was born as a stray in Elkhart, Indiana. The kitten’s paws were deformed, making it difficult for him to walk and get around. Somehow, though, the determined kitten survived for five weeks on his own. Scooter hopes for a kind human that would be happy to accept him. Scooter decided to find a forever home for him. And so, he went into a woman’s backyard and started meowing so some one came to help him out.
The woman heard some noises and she rushed to check. She saw the little kitten wandered in her yard asking for some help. The woman brought the kitten inside and found that he was underweight and had a severe eye infection. It was clear to the woman that Scooter needed more help, and so she contacted local rescue group Here Kitty Kitty Rescue.
Kitty Kitty Rescue took Scooter in and gave him the medical help he needed. The vets also found that Scooter had a respiratory infection along with his eye infection. The vet gave him antibiotics, and after a couple of weeks, Scooter began to recover. The kitten began feeling better and his true playful personality came out. Now he will be ready to be adopted. Scooter loved playing with other cats, and so the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 51.67926
Retrieved Text: A resident was surprised to find a cat and her two tabby kittens living in the basement of their building.
Last month, a person from Bronx, New York discovered a feline family in the basement of their residential building.
At first, they thought she was someone’s cat because she was so friendly, but no one came forward to claim her. Turned out, the cat mom was a stray and had snuck her kittens into the basement to take shelter.
The landlord couldn’t keep them there, so the person who found them, brought them to the shelter to get help.
Jess Thoren, a foster volunteer of Animal Care Centers of New York City, was contacted as the little family needed a foster home. She welcomed them in with open arms and named the cat mom Claudia.
“The basement isn’t really a place for the mom and the kittens. I’m glad they are safe now,” Jess told Love Meow.
Sweet Claudia was exhausted but happy to have a comfortable home to raise her kittens. She nestled in a heated bed with her babies (Cassia and Iggy) after scarfing down a full bowl of food.
The loving cat mom finally got to catch up on lost sleep in the comfort of a safe home.
“Mama Claudia is a sweet pea. She loves attention and craves belly rubs. She is constantly brushing up against me and purring,” Jess said.
Two weeks later, a little orphaned kitten was brought to the shelter, in need of foster care.
“This little girl was found all by herself under a rock in the Bronx.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.634975
Retrieved Text: Learn how you can become a Parma Animal Shelter Volunteer.
Adoption fees are: Puppies, 6 months and under – $200.00; Small Dogs, 7 months to 7 years (25 lbs. and under) – $200.00; Click HERE to view the full list of adoption fees.
In light of the dog respiratory illness that is going around shelters in the Ohio area, we have decided to close the dog side to the public until further notice. Our main concern is for the health of the dogs at our shelter and also preventing the spread of disease to any dogs outside the shelter. Thanks for your understanding.
We are currently not accepting any new cats or kittens. We will be offering limited cat adoptions by appointment only. With any questions, or to set up an adoption appointment, please email catadoptions@parmashelter.org.
Every year, Parma Animal Shelter takes in approximately 300 kittens. We provide medical care and shelter until each kitten finds his or her furever home.
Costs associated with the intake, medical care, and sheltering of one healthy kitten can total $150 or more.
YOU can help by sponsoring a kitten, ordering from our Amazon kitten WISH LIST, or by purchasing KMR, bottles, blankets, and toys and bringing them to the shelter at 6260 State Rd. in Parma, OH.
Adopt a pet from PAS! Adopting a pet from the Parma Animal Shelter can be very rewarding!
Consider becoming a Parma Animal Shelter volunteer! There are many opportunities to choose from.
Donate to the Parma Animal Shelter, a 501(c)(3) organization. The shelter is 100% volunteer-run and relies on donations and grants.
Looking

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.46295
Retrieved Text: Kitten Lady explains the kitten crisis and solutions at the Animal Rights National Conference in 2016.
With so many animals in need in the United States, it’s kind of hard for some people to believe that kittens need our help. After all, kittens are universally adored—so they must be doing okay…right?
Kittens under 8 weeks old are one of the most euthanized populations in the United States, being killed by the hundreds of thousands every year. However, we can change that! It starts with education. Here’s what you need to know about why there’s a kitten crisis, and how to make things right.
Most shelters don’t have programs to save kittens.
Kitten care requires specialized knowledge. Many shelter staff have no experience or training in pediatric care for kittens. Whether it’s kennel staff that don’t know how to bottle feed, or a medical team that doesn’t have experience treating neonatal kittens, most of the time a shelter will not know how to help unless they’ve made neonatal training a priority. Additionally, many shelters don’t have the correct supplies on hand to care for young kittens.
Kittens are time-intensive. The average US shelter doesn’t have the staffing to provide overnight care, which means that any unweaned kitten cannot survive even 24 hours in their facility. Unless a foster home is available, they are typically euthanized before close of business on the day they are brought in.
Underage kittens take up much-needed cage space. Most shelters need every open cage they can get in order to continue to take in cats in need. Because

########
Rank: 13
Score: 51.27809
Retrieved Text: Step Two – Putting The Kitten In The Box After Feeding Kitten Melody loves her milk too. Usually kittens sleep – wake up – eat – play and then go to the litter box before they go back to bed to sleep.... How to Train Your Kitten to Use the Litterbox Litter , Litter Boxes 0 So, you’ve finally given in to the kids’ begging and pleading and brought home a kitten from the local shelter or rescue.
7/11/2016 · The best cat litter to use at this stage is probably sand or a non-amassing clay cat litter. Some cat proprietors say they have great results with crystal litter, yet a few people are somewhat... Learn how to litter train a kitten! A kitten will learn how to use a litter box if you are consistent. Tips on how to potty train a kitten. A kitten will learn how to use a litter box if you are consistent.
If your kitten has already been trained or partially trained to use a litter box, it's best to continue using the same type of litter. If you decide you'd like to switch types, slowly integrate the new litter into the old so your kitten can get used to it before fully switching.
How to Train Your Kitten to Use the Litterbox Litter , Litter Boxes 0 So, you’ve finally given in to the kids’ begging and pleading and brought home a kitten from the local shelter or rescue.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 51.07311
Retrieved Text: “Many people get involved in animal rescue because of the pictures of animals scheduled to die in open access shelters. They don’t realize that those animals are only a small portion of the calls they will get. Often the ones that get to the animal control shelters are the ones saved. Our rescue has a large network of foster homes and adopters. Each adopter and foster spreads the word about our dedication and love for the furbabies, and the steps we take to help them. We get pleas for medical assistance, help rehoming their furry family members, and the calls asking for assistance with the strays showing up in their yards.
“One such call came into one of our fosters in central Illinois. The foster’s aunt had a cat show up at the house, and thanks to a broken window, the cat was sleeping on their enclosed porch. The town has a large population of stray cats, and the local animal control will not pick up cats, even if they are injured.
“The family couldn’t get near the cat, so they thought it was feral. We wanted to wait for a space to open up before trapping, but life had other plans.
“A week after this cat showed up, the family found a kitten under their bushes. They managed to capture him and named him Walker. Now, we all know when there is one kitten, there are usually 2-3 close by, and time is not a kitten’s friend. Our foster couldn’t put off the trapping any longer. She grabbed

########
Rank: 15
Score: 51.010162
Retrieved Text: Hours: Monday-Thursday: 12 p.m.-7 p.m.
Hours: Wednesday-Saturday: 11 a.m.-5 p.m., Sunday: 11 a.m.-4 p.m.
Conejo Valley residents love their pets, and rescue animals seem to hold a special place in their owners’ hearts. The Agoura Animal Care Center, run by the County of Los Angeles Department of Animal Care and Control, has contributed many of these treasured pets to our community.
Although the Agoura shelter takes in “mostly dogs and cats,” says Rosen, “We also care for stray and unwanted horses, rabbits, goats, pigs, ducks, chickens, turtles, tortoises, lizards, snakes, parrots and other birds,” and all of the animals are eligible for adoption.
Adopting from the Agoura shelter is an easy and affordable process. Available animals are posted on the county’s website (AnimalCare.LACounty.gov), and can be searched by shelter, breed, age and size.
Adoption fees vary, “depending on how long we have had the animal and if we have performed spay or neuter surgery,” says Rosen. For more details on the adoption process, please visit AnimalCare.LACounty.gov.
Scarlett is a 2-year-old gray striped tabby who was adopted as a kitten by Westlake Village residents Tracy Brister, Leslie Thompson and daughter Michaela.
When they adopted her from the Agoura shelter, the Loper clan didn’t realize what a sweet addition Molly would be to their family. At the shelter, the four Loper children, ages 8-14, “immediately fell in love with” the Dachshund/Labrador mix, and “we stayed an hour while the kids played ball with her,” says mom, Jennifer.
Adopting a dog that would be gentle with children was important to their family, especially for their 10-year-old son

########
Rank: 16
Score: 50.938343
Retrieved Text: Scottish Fold cats – also known as Coupari, Longhair Fold, and Highland Fold cats – are best known for their distinctive folded ears, which bend forward toward the head. This is technically a mutation that gives the cat an owl-like look. When Scottish Fold cats are bred with straight-eared breeds, there is a fifty percent chance the litter will have folded ears. This breed’s laid-back nature and mellow disposition make it a favorite among cat lovers. Thinking of buying a Scottish Fold and wondering about the expense? The cost to purchase a Scottish Fold kitten depends on the specific breeder, and a few other factors.
Because Scottish Fold kittens have a variety of shapes, colors, and sizes, prices will differ depending on what kind of kitten you choose. Scottish Folds are quite rare, so you can expect to pay anywhere from $250 to as much as $1500. Many kittens can be found in the $250-$500 range. For a show quality kitten, expect to pay in excess of $1500.
Shipping fees: If you’re purchasing a kitten out of state, you’ll need to factor in the cost of having the animal shipped to you. Many breeders use American airlines and Delta to ship their kittens. Shipping costs can run anywhere from $175 to $350.
Supplies: At a minimum, you’ll need food, bowls, litter, toys, and crates. Fortunately, most of these items can be found cheap, but you’ll still need to figure in the extra money.
Veterinary costs: You’ll need to think about the cost for your kitten’s first veterinary visit, which should

########
Rank: 17
Score: 50.915703
Retrieved Text: TAG SEARCH RESULTS FOR: "Sweet Maple"
Meet Maple, KBOE 104.9 FM‘s Pet of the Week from Stephen Memorial Animal Shelter.
She’s about 5 1/2 months old – and the only kitten remaining from strays that came in last season. But we don’t understand why she hasn’t found a home yet… because Maple is a sweet and curious kitten. Would you get a look at those eyes? She’s perfect!
Visit www.stephenmemorial.org to learn more, call the shelter at 641-673-3991, or check out the Stephen Memorial Animal Shelter Facebook page.
Maple from Stephen Memorial Animal Shelter. Photo by Kate Sterner.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 50.761356
Retrieved Text: No one heard the tiny, fuzzy black and white visitor enter the house. But the shrieking from his sister’s bedroom alerted 10-year-old Louis to the fact that Oreo the kitten had made his way inside. Oreo was shooed out, since Louis is allergic to cats because of complications from muscular dystrophy.
Oreo and a few other kittens had showed up at his house in July, and even though allergies meant the kittens couldn’t stay with Louis, he loved them. When his mom, Orvia Cushnie, saw how much they meant to her son, she set them up as permanent residents with shelter and a feeding station on the porch. The Cushnies took great care of the wayward kittens, but they hadn’t yet learned about trap/neuter/return (TNR). Since they live in DeKalb County, Georgia, the help they needed was just a phone call away.
When two of the kittens started looking ill, Orvia called around to local veterinarians for help. She found a clinic that would help the cats and provide low-cost spay or neuter surgery. The vet also said it would be necessary to transport the cats to the clinic in traps. Orvia emailed local animal control to borrow some traps and immediately received a call back from Janet Samuel, Best Friends’ Atlanta programs community cat coordinator. She was on her way.
Janet fields dozens of calls each month to help the community cats of DeKalb County referred by local animal control agencies. Since the spring of 2012, Best Friends has supported the Atlanta area’s no-kill goals through the Best

########
Rank: 19
Score: 50.733616
Retrieved Text: She contacted Feline Friends, a nonprofit organization, and Jo, the director, showed up later with traps. Together with the help of Ilene’s daughter, Cori, they captured three cats that Jo transported to Steamboat Veterinary Hospital for spaying, neutering and shots.
Ultimately these animals ended up in the feral cathouse at Harstine Island. In time Ilene and her granddaughter, Molly, trapped three more cats that were destined as well for the Harstine shelter. Ilene’s cat-trapping venture had now become a family affair.
The seventh cat continued to elude Ilene — a cat she referred to as “the Gray Cat.” Daily he cautiously watched from the bushes as each trap door slammed shut with the jarring regularity of an alarm clock while another cat was carried away.
In time his shrewd intelligence guided him to stretch his neck over the pad that set the trap, escaping unscathed and free with the ripe bait of sardines dangling from either side of his mouth. Ilene and her family dubbed him as awesome and viewed him with a new respect.
Unable to envision the Gray Cat living out his life as part of the feral population at the Harstine shelter, Ilene contacted a friend at Kitten Rescue of Mason County. Normally Kitten Rescue refuses feral cats because of the six-month retraining period before adoption. However, taken in by Ilene’s story, Kitten Rescue agreed to take the abandoned cat once he had been captured, neutered and given shots.
For three nights Ilene left no food in the cages. Hunger made the gray bandit careless, finally bringing the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 50.72392
Retrieved Text: Multnomah County Animal Services (MCAS) joined North Shore Animal League America, and more than 500 shelter partners across the country, to celebrate Hallmark Channel’s Kitten Bowl VI game with a Kitten Bowl Party event, featuring an adoption special for all animals seven months and older in the shelter, including a chance to win a fee-waived adoption.
After finding the pet of their dreams, completing an application, and interviewing with an adoption counselor, adopters drew for their adoption promotion from a bowl of mini football prize eggs, ranging anywhere from 25% off adoption fees, to waived adoption fees. All animals seven months and older were eligible. License fees applied for Multnomah County residents.
Kitten Bowl is the greatest feline football showdown in cable television history and has resulted in over 10,000 adoptions. The competition will be hosted by North Shore Animal League America’s Volunteer, Foster Mom and National Spokesperson, Beth Stern, who will be joined by former NFL QB and sports host, Rodney Peete. Kitten Bowl VI will premiere Su-PURR Bowl Sunday, February 3, 2019 (11 a.m. Pacific) on Hallmark Channel. North Shore Animal League America and its participating shelter partners across the country will once again be hosting Kitten Bowl Parties with free giveaways featuring Kitten Bowl trading cards in addition to adoption specials for approved adopters.
All of the players in the actual Kitten Bowl competition have found loving homes through Hallmark Channel’s partnership with North Shore Animal League America – the world’s largest no-kill, rescue, and animal adoption organization. However, there are plenty of fabulous felines at

########
Rank: 21
Score: 50.670097
Retrieved Text: How do I donate a car to an animal charity like Kitten Rescue?
simple phone call, you can donate your car to Kitten Rescue and support an organization that believes every cat has the right to a high-quality of life, a loving home, or long-term care at a pet shelter.
But, as passionate as you are about the cause of animal protection, you need it to be headache-free, because you don’t have time for hassles. We at Cars2Charities leap into action when you call, picking up your car donation for at a time and location that is convenient for you.
After you call 855-520-2100, within 24-48 hours we pick up your vehicle and our repair staff uses a 16-point inspection to determine which changes can bring your car to its maximum resale potential. The more we sell your vehicle for, the more money goes to fight animal cruelty.
Did you know your car doesn’t even have to run?!
You may have heard about cars for charity where you have to get your car to an auto donation location or limp it somewhere for a government rebate. But at Cars2Charities, we come to you and tow away the vehicle. We’ll do everything needed to parlay the car you no longer need into fuel for the cause of pet rescue.
What's the best car donation for an animal charity, such as Kitten Rescue?
On top of the tax deduction you get if you donate a vehicle to an animal charity like Kitten Rescue, the goal is to contribute the most money to rescue pets. The

########
Rank: 22
Score: 50.570637
Retrieved Text: After the massive fire in a Jeffersonville apartment complex Thursday, out of the rubble came Miracle.
Jeffersonville Firefighters were told a kitten was missing, but with both her parents deceased from smoke inhalation, it seemed unlikely a 2 week old kitten would survive. But the next day at 3 pm, a Firefighter found him under a pile of ashes – alive.
Sara Green, Director of J.B. Ogle Animal Shelter received the call that they had found the missing kitten. Miracle was rushed to Eastside Animal Hospital where he was given oxygen.
The kitten continues to improve. Sara takes care of him and feeds him around the clock. She will be taking care of Miracle indefinitely until they are either able contact the owner or put him up for adoption.
She reports he is eating well and getting stronger. Today, for the first time, Miracle opened his eyes.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 50.45609
Retrieved Text: Everyone knows that a good mother will never abandon her children. This goes for both humans and animals, too. This pair was dumped on a doorstep with a plate of potato chips but she never left her baby’s side.
After getting back home from work one day, a woman found an unusual “gift” on her doorstep. There was a carrier with a mama cat and a baby inside – the kitten was only 5 months old. The woman called the Mayhew Animal Centre for help at once. Animal welfare officers arrived quickly and found a dish with tortilla chips inside. The snack, as we all know, was not appropriate for cats as it’s full of salt. The mama and her baby seemed distressed – who wouldn’t be?
The mother was later named Linda at the shelter, while her baby was named Stella. They were checked by the vets and fed a hearty meal. Fortunately, neither suffered from any serious medical ailments but they were both shaken up quite a bit from the whole experience.
The staff at the Mayhew Centre handled the cats gently the whole time. Soon, the little kitten was up and running, trying to suckle from Linda. It was then that they were separated so that Stella could get comfortable eating regular food. The cute kitten was adopted by a loving family.
For now, Linda is in foster care and doing great. Alissa, her foster mom, says that she’s a gentle and loving cat who loves head rubs and follows her current carers whenever they go.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 50.33789
Retrieved Text: When Sonia came across a plea on Facebook to help an unwell stray kitten found on the street in Corfu, she made it her mission to bring her back to Jersey and give her a loving home.
“It all began when I was scrolling through my Facebook feed one day and I saw something that caught my eye – a picture of a little white kitten, with ginger ears and tail, that was dirty, riddled with fleas and didn’t look healthy at all. A lady called Beverley had posted the picture as a cry for help whilst she was on holiday in Corfu. She had explained that she would see this kitten in the same spot every day, sitting by a rusty drain, with many people walking past without batting an eyelid. She had to do something, so she phoned some nearby animal shelters and vets to see if one would help, but as strays are so common in Corfu and are often ignored, she got nowhere. Beverley went on to explain that she had finally found a small charity based animal shelter called The Ark, who had agreed to help this kitten, as long as it was promised a home. Those words, along with the picture, were enough to make that light turn green – I acted straight away and offered to give the kitten a loving home.
At first, it was surreal and I wondered many times if it was going to be possible, with there being quite some distance between Corfu and Jersey. I started

########
Rank: 25
Score: 50.23568
Retrieved Text: This was my first time working with an animal communicator and both of us really enjoyed the experience. Rocky seemed to get a sense of contentment having someone understand him on his level. I could tell the two connected. By the end of our session I had a page full of notes to help me better understand my little guy and ways that I can bring even more comfort into his life. I’m happy I reached out to Colleen.
I found this kitten at a gas station parking lot; she was hungry but friendly. I took her home, named her Dolleen, and she settled in ok, but she had some truly quirky traits. Colleen had been such a help to me in the past, so I contacted her again to ask if this kitten was supposed to be in my life. Colleen felt that the Universe knew I was lonely and arranged for me to be at that exact location at a moment in time that the kitten was there. Colleen says she does not feel that my last cat sent the kitten but that I have such a big heart and I want to help. The kitten sensed my kind energy and knew that I would feed her. The kitten never dreamed that I would take her home and give her such a great place to live. Thanks Colleen for your input and for making me feel more comfortable with my decision to keep her.
Our little sugar glider, Koo Koo, began to show signs of being

########
Rank: 26
Score: 50.182144
Retrieved Text: Dinky was a stray kitten, born in the wilds of South Los Angeles. Amid the chaos and noise of fireworks from July 4th celebrations, Dinky crawled into a car engine to hide away.
The next morning, someone started the car, and suddenly Dinky’s safe haven was no longer safe. Dinky ended up getting caught in a fan belt, and the damage to her body was catastrophic. The belt had broken one of Dinky’s hind legs, and amputated part of the other.
The fan belt broke, and the driver of the car, who realized with alarm what had just happened, was unable to drive Dinky to a vet. Though she was horrified, she knew just who to call for help: her friend Esther Alapy, who was a volunteer for Kitten Rescue.
Esther brought Dinky to a surgical veterinary hospital where Dinky had surgery on both of her legs, and had her face stitched where it was lacerated. What was left of Dinky’s left rear leg had to be amputated, and her right leg had to have a plate inserted. Vets weren’t sure that Dinky would ever be able to walk again, but she made a full recovery as a happy tripod! Dinky was then adopted into a loving home with another cat, and her adopter even became a volunteer for Kitten Rescue.
From the beginning, the Kitten Rescue family has put the wellbeing of their cats first.
When Sue Romaine founded Los Angeles’ Kitten Rescue in 1997, it wasn’t because she had planned to open a shelter. Sue had been volunteering at

########
Rank: 27
Score: 50.150173
Retrieved Text: After getting rescued behind a dumpster, this senior cat spent another seven years in an animal shelter. This cat didn’t lose hope until someone fell in love with him and gave him a forever home.
“He sits and watches and waits and hopes that you will pet him, and when you do his purr is amazing. But perhaps that reserved nature is why he was passed up over and over for adoption despite being a wonderful cat. Yesterday, this kitty celebrated his 14th day in his own home with his own dedicated humans. He is very happy and still incredulous that this life could be real,” SorryToSayItBut shared on reddit.
“He is rather a pensive sweetheart. It’s going to take time for him to gain the confidence to ask for attention and love. He was a low-man on the totem pole at the shelter. For now, he’s so happy he can eat whenever he likes and not try to gobble it all down right away before he loses it.
“He has perfect manners in the apartment. Uses his box just right, no mistakes, found his scratching post and used it, etc. He must have belonged to someone in the past. The TV baffles and fascinates him, though.
Previous article Meet Conan, The Cutest Ninja Kitten You’ll Ever See!
Next article Few Years Ago, This Big Guy Adopted This Tiny Ginger Kitten. Now, Watch How Sweet They Are.
Meet Conan, The Cutest Ninja Kitten You’ll Ever See!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 50.049427
Retrieved Text: “The Wave,” “The Motorcycle Salute,” or as I’ve heard it called, “The Drag” (my personal favourite): Defining the signal of acknowledgement between two two-wheeled travellers on the open road in North America. These waves, mostly between two motorcyclists and presumed to have originated between the most famous two motorcycles, William Harley and Arthur Davidson, occasionally are shared between motorized and non-motorized cyclists to express the understanding of their shared road dangers and commonalities.
While I don’t see many motorcyclists giving the road cyclist the wave—though it happens—a lot more of them are open to letting the long-distance cyclists into their ranks with a dropped hand offering of respect. It does feel very empowering to when a group of bikers cruises by you on a quiet lonely highway and the leader and pack all drop their hands out in recognition to which you drop a hand back as are the ways of the road.
I’ve gotten into the lush, wet and mountainous part of the trek.
Felt like Bart Simpson trying to find the excitement of the 1982 World’s Fair years too late in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Country roads take me home to the place where I belong, West Virginia, mountain mama!
I saw something in the middle of the highway that turned out to be a kitten. I couldn’t figure out where it came from or how it got there but I ran out into the road and scooped it up before it could get run-over and checked the nearby houses for any answers. Finding no help (even from a police officer

########
Rank: 29
Score: 49.843044
Retrieved Text: But week after week Butter was still there. Other than the fact that he was half pit bull I did not understand why no one wanted him. And each week he slowly chipped at my heart. So I decided that if no one took him that day, then the next week he would be mine.
My shift ended at 2pm and I got a call from the woman in charge of the dogs said that Butter had been adopted right after I left. And my heart sank just a little. She said are you sure you don’t want a dog? I said I will tell you what “you find me a female, buff colored cocker spaniel under the age of one that doesn’t come from a traumatic experience and I’ll take her.” In my 7 years volunteering we had never had a pure breed cocker spaniel so I thought nothing of it.
Two weeks later, there she was… Crazy Cocker Spaniel. She put on quite the act. All calm, docile, the I am scared please take me home act. Her owner had had a stroke and could not keep care of her, she was buff in color, and she was 5 months old. I thought to myself, damn, I’m taking a dog home today. I owned nothing. I had no leases or dishes or food and hardly any money to do so. The dog cost me $34, the going rate for volunteers. Luckily her owner was a millionaire (literally) and left a large box that came with food,

================



======= Instance Index 29315 =========
Input Text: Context: Kendall and Robin were at a dance party. Robin asked Kendall to dance with them. Kendall held Robin close as they danced at the party.

Question: How would Robin feel as a result?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: cared for

B: confident

C: goofy

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 75.04011
Retrieved Text: We couldn't be more excited for Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's upcoming nuptials, as the couple and their adorable daughter North West make for one beautiful and stylish family. What do we know about their wedding so far? People.com reports that the event will take place in Paris as soon as May, possibly at Chateau Louis XIV, which is located right outside the City of Lights. As for the dress, the star has hinted at Balmain, Lanvin, and Givenchy as possible designers.
To get ready for their impending big day (and in honor of Throwback Thursday), we're taking a look back at Kardashian's extravagant wedding to NBA player Kris Humphries, which may give us a hint at how fabulous an affair her union with West will be. Kim, along with the rest of the Kardashian family (Jenners included), were dressed to the nines for the event, which took place on August 20, 2011.
A few key tidbits? The entire wedding had a black-and-white theme, from attire to décor — which included thousands of white roses — and was held at a private estate in Montecito, California. Over 400 guests attended the grand affair, including Lindsay Lohan, Ciara, Ryan Seacrest, Serena Williams, Demi Lovato, Eva Longoria, Mario Lopez, LaLa and Carmelo Anthony, and Robin Thicke, who serenaded the couple during their first dance. The bride looked radiant on her big day in three custom-made Vera Wang gowns, including an ivory ball gown for the ceremony and two more form-fitting dresses for the reception, and keeping with the theme, the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 73.55171
Retrieved Text: Home Northeastern California Historical Photograph Collection Commemoration ceremony - CSU, Chico. Kendall Hall lawn.
Commemoration ceremony - CSU, Chico. Kendall Hall lawn.
Title Commemoration ceremony - CSU, Chico. Kendall Hall lawn.
Description Photograph shows Dale Ride, Robin Wilson, Ted Meriam, Glenn Kendall, and Stan Lowell at a commemoration during the Centennial Observation.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 69.127625
Retrieved Text: I was born and raised in Colorado and have spent the past 30 years as a coach, consultant and academic.
Castle, Josh, Ammon, Robin, and Barnes, John. An assessment of NCAA Division I directors of football operations perceptions of changes in recruiting and retention strategies due to APR legislation.. Edited by Dan Drane. Vol. 9, Iss. 1. Hauppauge, NY: Journal of Contemporary Athletics, 2015.
Castle, Josh, Ammon, Robin, and Meyers, Les. The 9 Credit Rule: A look at its impact on academic advising for intercollegiate football athletes.. Edited by Chung Pak-Kwong & Nader Rahnama, 59-65. Vol. 5, Iss. 5. Journal of Physical Education and Sport Management , 2014.
Miller, John, and Ammon, Robin. Concussion issues in interscholastic football: A state study. Edited by Dan Drane, 141-152. Vol. 8, Iss. 3. Hauppauge, NY: Journal of Contemporary Athletics, 2014.
Quatman-Yates, Catherine, Hugentobler, Jason, Ammon, Robin, Mwase, Najima, Kurowski, Brad, and Myer, Gregory. The utility of the Balance Error Scoring System as a post-concussion assessment tool for children and adolescents. Edited by Robert Guthrie, MD, 32-38. Vol. 24, Iss. 3. West Conshohocken, PA: The Physician & Sportsmedicine , 2014.
Ammon, Robin, and Unruh, Nita. Crowd Management. In Law for Recreation and Sport Managers, edited by Doyice Cotten & John Wolohan, 338-350. Iss. 6th. Dubuque, IA: Kendall Hunt, 2012.
Ammon, Robin. Risk Management. In Law for Recreation and Sport Managers, edited by Doyice Cotten & John Wolohan, 282-300. Iss. 6th. Dubuque, IA: Kendall Hunt, 2012.
Ammon, Robin. Sport Facilities Management. In International Sport Management, edited by M. Li, E. Macintosh, & G. Bravo . Champaign, IL: Human

########
Rank: 3
Score: 68.35901
Retrieved Text: I was very disappointed to see that Jamelle Bouie cited Robin "intentions are irrelevant" DiAngelo in his latest piece about Donald Trump.
Thanks to social media, there are times when people are falsely smeared as racists - I have had that very thing happen to me. The thinking seems to be that because black people have been treated horribly on the basis of their ethnicity, it's now appropriate to turn the tables and treat white people badly on the basis of their ethnicity. You can casually smear a white person as racist, for any reason, if you feel like it because black people have suffered. And you will be considered a hero by many on the left, as Mikki Kendall was.
This is not justice. This is revenge.
It's one thing when social media zanies like Mikki Kendall promote revenge, but Robin DiAngelo has taken that revenge-based approach and codified it into a series of lectures and workshops given to established, respectable organizations. One of DiAngelo's techniques is to bow to the personal prejudices of some people in order to discriminate against others, on the basis of ethnicity. Now it certainly wasn't the intention of the woman who cried to distress a POC - she was expressing sadness for what happened to a POC - but since Robin DiAngelo's belief is that intentions are irrelevant that means that bigotry against a white person is perfectly acceptable, even if what they are doing is expressing sympathy for a POC.
This is why Robin DiAngelo is so incredibly pernicious, because she packages

########
Rank: 4
Score: 65.601906
Retrieved Text: Insights From Dr. Phil's Wife, Robin McGraw.
Robin has been a daily presence on the Dr. Phil show from the start, offering insights based on her experiences as a wife, mother, grandmother, women’s advocate and businesswoman (to name just a few!) See Robin’s appearances and get her take on recent show topics!
Meet Christy, The “Walk A Day In Robin’s Shoes” Omaze Campaign Winner!
Learn more about the “Walk A Day In Robin’s Shoes” Omaze Campaign here: https://www.omaze.com/robin.
See pictures from the show and special behind-the-scenes snapshots!
So inspired by these five courageous young adults, who lost their mother, Brenda, to domestic violence.
With Rebecca Darr, CEO of WINGS, an organization that helps women and children trying to escape domestic violence.
WINGS is dedicating a memorial garden and play area in Brenda’s name. I’m honored that When Georgia Smiled was able to help!
Summer, Amanda and Kelly are helping to educate and empower women through Linda’s Voice, named in honor of their mother, who was a victim of domestic violence.
Ready to reveal the results of our renovation at Jenesse Center!
A hug for Karen Earl, CEO of Jenesse Center.
With D’Andra, a Jenesse Center staff member.
I couldn’t wait to roll up my sleeves and get to work!
Our number one goal was to help make the world a safer place for these women and children.
Installing lights so the children can enjoy the yard safely at night.
Planting a lemon tree. I hope as it grows, the women and children at Jenesse will think of us!
A chalkboard like the one I have for my grandbabies.
Bubble sticks and other toys

########
Rank: 5
Score: 65.38756
Retrieved Text: Mariah Carey And Nick Cannon Dating Again?
Robin Williams Found Dead – Suicide?
The notorious “momager” and former Olympic gold medalist have been legally separated since last June, but the pair officially signed the divorce papers yesterday.
Kris and Bruce Jenner were married for over 23 years and have two daughters together, Kendall (18) and Kylie (17).
Sources say that the split was amicable and no lawyers were involved. Kris and Bruce both cited irreconcilable differences. Surprisingly, there was no pre-nup and neither party will collect spousal support.
The couple will split their assets down the middle and supposedly the total amount was only $60 million.
Bruce will walk away with $20 million in cash, and Kris will get $50 million, more because of her role as the family “momager”. They both have a portfolio of investments and cash set aside for retirement worth an additional $10 million each.
In part of the settlement, Kris will get the Hidden Hills estate and Bruce gets to keep his membership to the Sheerwood Country Club. They will share custody of their 17-year old daughter, Kylie, as Kendall is legally an adult.
Bruce already seems to be celebrating the split. He recently bought a NASCAR-approved UTV race car, and we’re sure Kris will find someway to celebrate too.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 64.130554
Retrieved Text: JASPER — Kendall (Humbert) Renner and her husband, Clint, spent some of the first moments of their marriage together surrounded by thousands of years of age and wisdom on Saturday.
After they were hitched at St. Raphael Catholic Church in Dubois, they elected to make a pit stop before arriving at the reception at the St. Anthony Community Center. Kendall has worked at the St. Charles Health Campus in Jasper for six years — she is currently a nurse at the facility — and knew she needed to see the residents on her big day.
About 40 seniors gathered in the health center dining hall to welcome the newlywed couple. Upon the Renners’ arrival, Kendall greeted attendees with smiles, hugs and thanks. The elders lauded her beauty and congratulated her sincerely. Kendall makes a difference in their lives daily, and the excitement and joy the residents felt for her Saturday afternoon was visible. Jerry Blount, an 80-year-old resident, arrived with tears in his eyes that fell throughout the Renners’ visit.
Renner greeted St. Charles Health Campus resident Jo Ellen Carrico at the center in Jasper on Saturday.
Kendall and Clint shared their first dance in a gathering room at the facility, ate a piece of cake, toasted with those in attendance, and then headed out.
Before they left, however, Sherri Byers, the location’s director of life enrichment, gifted the two a jar filled with successful marriage advice scribbled on cards by many of those in attendance.
Some were light-hearted, while others offered intimate tips to keep their love fresh for years to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 62.773304
Retrieved Text: I’m starting a rumor too… except, my rumors come out true!
This is a stunningly fresh aircheck of the late, great Bud Ballou on the old “Stereo 105”. Actually, in 1973, WVBF was officially known as “Electronic Mama”. Some of Boston’s best radio memories come from this radio station. Some of Ballou’s fellow jocks were Charlie Kendall, “Big John” Gillis and Ron Robin. Robin would go on to much greater heights, eventually landing on WBZ Radio/TV. You can read about the history of WVBF HERE.
This is way too short. Although this had to be scoped for legal reasons, you’ll hear at least a portion of songs you haven’t heard in decades! You’ll be treated to a couple very rare but classic jingles. But the star of this show really is Bud Ballou. He is funny in his own way! Says he’s starting rumors!! Listen, there’s a few “LOL” moments in this you won’t want to miss. And then, Ron Robin starts his show, after we get treated to a crystal clear and clean version of WVBF’s “Electronic Mama” Top of the Hour ID. Altogether, this is a real masterpiece!
Lest we forget, this is another new in a series of airchecks from new contributor Max Power! Many thanks!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 62.384064
Retrieved Text: Kanye West Gets Bleeped For Most Of Billboard Performance!
Did you watch the end of the 2015 Billboard Music Awards…well then you missed Kanye’s 30-second song…he got bleeped so much during his performance of “All Day” and “Black Skinhead” that it made no sense to even have him perform ( at least for those folks at home like me). And for some reason Kendall and Kylie Jenner got a little audience hate and were booed…not sure why!
Alicia Keys Rocks Out BET Awards with Her Pregnant Belly!!
Robin Roberts Steps Down From ‘GMA’ Early!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 61.99905
Retrieved Text: Following in her father’s footsteps was not her original plan, but University of Mississippi Professor Robin Street said she would not change her career path for anything. Street has been a Lecturer in the School of Journalism and New Media for 20 years.
Robin Street (left) wins a Silver Anvil Award of Excellence for her work on the Diversity Matters! campaign. Photo courtesy of UM PR.
Born and raised in Oxford, Street said she believes in giving back to her community by helping her students grow to be successful in their careers.
Street has been at the University of Mississippi since she decided to pursue her bachelor’s degree in English and sociology, and then continued on to pursue her master’s degree in journalism and health promotion. She departed for a brief time to become a juvenile probations officer, but she quickly found out that this was not the path for her. When the chair called her and asked her to come back and pursue a teaching career, Street said she immediately accepted and started work the next day.
Street has proven to be a stand-out favorite among students.
Street keeps a collection of student business cards in her office. Photo by Kendall Crumbaugh.
Walking into Street’s office feels like walking into a museum of her student’s successes. There are bulletin boards filled with business cards of her past students to showcase their hard work. She said she believes that their success is her success.
“My greatest accomplishment as a teacher is seeing my students out in the world doing what I taught them

########
Rank: 10
Score: 61.42136
Retrieved Text: Contrary to Derek Zoolander's ethos, in real life, being successful in fashion takes more than simply being "really, really ridiculously good-looking." Case in point? The Jenner sisters. While Kendall and Kylie are, of course, really, really ridiculously good-looking (not to mention super stylish and famous from birth), making it big in the fashion business takes much more than that. And on Monday night in New York City, the youngest Jenners proved their salt in celebrating their first collection, Kendall + Kylie. The girls presented to a small, but key group of industry power players, such as Ken Downing, fashion director of Neiman Marcus and Roopal Patel, fashion director of Saks Fifth Avenue. The event, held at a private home in TriBeCa, was an intimate one, where the Jenners hobnobbed with press and also retailers—and the girls were all about talking business.
In covering the event, New York Times fashion critic Vanessa Friedman pondered whether the Jenners could follow suit with Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, who parlayed their celebrity into an esteemed fashion house, with a CFDA award to prove it. "Are Kendall and Kylie Jenner the Olsen sisters of the midprice market?" questioned Friedman. With #proudmama, Kris Jenner's Midas touch, the sisters seem to have such sartorial potential.
According to multiple sources, Kris Jenner herself was involved in every last detail of the event. She stopped to pose with her old friend Lance Bass.
PYTs Hanna Bronfman and Devon Windsor stopped by to offer their congrats to the Jenners and take selfies in the selfie booth (which was on

########
Rank: 11
Score: 60.763622
Retrieved Text: The Game is giving back. The Compton rapper hosted a celebrity bowling game on Thursday, with all proceeds going towards his charity, The Robin Hood Project. He took over the lanes at Canoga Park Bowl for a friendly game against Diddy’s stepson Quincy.
Chris Brown, Tyga, and Kendall and Kylie Jenner came out to show their support, while Game’s teammates sported Blood Money T-shirts.
“The support was too real…. @bloodmoneylafamilia #charitybowling event was a success !!!” tweeted Game, whose album Blood Money La Familia is due September 16.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 60.069923
Retrieved Text: Watch a guy take over the VMA stage for a Beyonce-level ALS challenge.
Is Ariana Grande Going 'Zero-Gravity' For Her VMA Performance?
Ariana Grande says she wants to have a zero-gravity performance at Sunday night's VMAs.
Iggy Azalea And Rita Ora Are Ready For The VMAs: See Their Rehearsal Pics!
Rita Ora and Iggy Azalea shared VMA rehearsal pics.
Nick Cannon confirms that he and Mariah Carey have been living separately "for a few months."
Fifth Harmony call on their fans to vote for them for Artist to Watch at the VMAs.
Why Is The NFL Asking Rihanna And Katy Perry For Money?
The NFL has reportedly asked potential super Bowl halftime performers to contribute to the league for their performance.
Trayvon Martin's mother pens an emotional letter to Michael Brown's family.
Christian Bale and wife Sibi have welcomed their second child.
President Obama speaks on Ferguson protests.
Rixton will perform and act on "Haunted Hathaways."
Robin Williams' family remember their father, husband and "best friend."
Hilary Duff shares "All About You," for the one person you can't get off your mind.
Robin Williams was found dead on Monday at the age of 63.
Kendall Jenner reportedly threw money in a waitress' face.
Kim Kardashian formally changed her name.
President Obama called Katy Perry "one of my favorite people" at a White House dinner on Thursday night.
"Old Fashioned," a faith-based romantic drama, is eyeing to take down "fifty Shades of Grey" at the box office.
Kelly Rowland accidentally revealed that she's having a baby boy.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 59.89356
Retrieved Text: Tonight on Live to Dance, we find out who America voted to win the biggest dance prize in television history! Will it be the young ballroom couple D’Angelo & Amanda, White Tree Fine Art, Twitch, Dance Town Chaos, Kendall Glover, or The Vibe?
Tonight on Live to Dance, the finalist dance for the judges to decide who Lives to Dance and wins the $500,000! I’m a little disappointed to see there is no wild card option, but I guess the experts exhausted that option in deciding the semi-finalists. Now, America’s last decision on who makes it to finals is revealed. Is it Kendall Glover, Shore Thing, Jill & Jacob, Roosevelt Anderson, or Tap Sounds Underground? America picked Kendall Glover! This girl has 9 nine lives, surviving near elimination twice now.
Tonight on Live to Dance, six more of the Top 18 perform to see if they win over the experts or America to move on to the next round. Also, we’ll find out which performance from last week got the most votes from the fans to keep them alive in the competion.
Tonight’s Live to Dance picks between the remaining 3 acts for the final spot in the Top 18 for the semi finals. The experts put Kendall Glover through to the semifinals, now we find out who America voted through. Also, six of the semi-finalists will perform tonight to move to the next round. The judges will pick one of the six to move forward and America will vote for the other.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 59.680748
Retrieved Text: This week has proven to me how lucky I am to have such great family & friends in my life. I know everyone thinks that their family & friends are the best, but I know that mine REALLY are. In the midst of missing Ryan incredibly and getting used to life on my own again, everyone has been so great to check in on me and keep me busy.
In particular, I had the best "Girls Day Out" with Robin today. We went down to Wilmington & spent all day shopping and just playing around. It was a much needed getaway for both of us. When we met over 3 years ago, she was my loud crazy neighbor in Virginia. (Sorry, Robin...you know it's true.) Little did I know, she and her husband Will (and of course their darling daughter Jackie Rose) would become our "family" away from Texas. We have definitely relied on each other during some tough times these past few years in the Marine Corps, and I can't imagine not having her right across town anymore! I'm going to have to figure out some way to keep them from moving this summer. Anyway, this entry is a big "Thank you" to all the amazing people in my life who really keep me going. You know who you are & I love you each dearly!!
I am so glad you had fun on Friday!! I have to admit, I was a little worried about you after we talked last week! You were just not yourself! (understandable)

########
Rank: 15
Score: 59.263912
Retrieved Text: Anais and Jon met 4 years ago at a Christmas play where they played the parts of Mary and Joseph. In fact, so many things in their life revolve around Christmas time. It’s when they had their first date, it’s when Jon asked Anais to spend forever with him, and it’s when they they said “I do” surrounded by all of their friends and family at Kendall Plantation last weekend!
And I’ll be honest–I’ve shot a LOT of weddings, but I’ve never teared up as much as I did at this one. There were so many special things that happened! Anais had a first look with her dad, Jon had a first look with his mom, and Anais and Jon had a first look! Each of them was SO sweet, and I know they will cherish those photos and memories forever. Jon’s grandfather officiated and added his own comical touch to the ceremony, and Jon SERENADED his new wife on the dance floor at the reception. It was amazing, and there wasn’t a frowny face in the building. They also had an epic dance party, fireworks show, and sparkler sendoff.
Anais and Jon know how to throw a party!
Getting to know these two sweet souls has been an absolute pleasure, and I’m so happy that they chose me to photograph their best day ever! Now scroll down and see some of their beautiful memories.
The bridal suite at Kendall Plantation is what photography dreams are made of! Tear #1. Anais had some pretty amazing girls helping her out! I

########
Rank: 16
Score: 58.75828
Retrieved Text: Reality TV star Kendall Jenner went unspotted by crowds as she took the Heathrow Underground shuttle - despite dancing around in excitement during her ride.
The 19-year-old sister of Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian was returning from Paris when she decided to use public transport instead of private hire.
Shown on a new video uploaded to her website, she was captured doing a small dance of excitement on the shuttle.
The clip was part of a longer video captioned: "A little taste of what my sisters and I were up to on live stream this week!"
Viewers can just make out the teen at the platform, dressed all in black with her headphones in, in between clips featuring her sisters.
Kendall was spotted last week enjoying the Paris fashion scene with close friend the model and actress Cara Delevingne.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 57.97205
Retrieved Text: A big congratulations to Circuit Clerk Robin Ingemunson from Kendall County for winning DEVNET’s prize at IACO!
Last chance to stop by the DEVNET booth at IACO to enter to win an Amazon Echo Show!
Today, DEVNET had the honor of awarding the IACO student scholarships. We had 15 outstanding applicants, so it was hard to narrow it down to 5 ultimate recipients. All of these students were exceptional in their own right. Congratulations to everyone who won!
This week, DEVNET attended the Illinois Property Assessment Institute’s (IPAI) Spring Conference in Normal, IL. It is the largest gathering of Assessment Professionals in the state of Illinois! It was great catching up with everyone!
DEVNET is ready for Opening Day! Are you?
Congratulations to Eduardo Ibarra for 15 Years at DEVNET!
Congratulations to Eduardo Ibarra for 15 years at DEVNET! He is the Line Manager for OH and PA.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 57.46552
Retrieved Text: So I was asked to do my first Birthday Party for sweet Kendall. Cathy & Kendall came over one night & made the little favors for all the girls. She was such a joy.
At her birthday party the girls got to cut an outfit for a Build a Bear magnet using the Big Shot, Build a Bear Bigz Die & Beary Essentials Bigz Die. They also colored Basic Rhinestones & placed them on a washer necklace. They didn't have much time & they were 5 years old so we tried to keep it simple for them.
I met Kendall for the first time when she came with her mom to help make the favors one night the week before her birthday. Imagine how I felt when I showed up at her birthday party & she ran up to me to give me a big hug. Sure made my day!
I will show you the magnet in the next post as I am having problems with putting 2 photos in the same post. Once I get a picture of the washer necklace I will show you that also.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 57.188377
Retrieved Text: Robert Kendall was Elvis’ funeral director of the Memphis Funeral home who arranged all the procedures for the burial of Elvis Presley. Having arranged the funeral service for Gladys Love Presley, Elvis’ mother, 19 years previously Kendall thought is only appropriate that Elvis should be buried in an identical $8,000 casket as his mother. The copper lined casket also provided a two by 4-inch stainless steel cylinder for identification purposes in the event the remains, in the future are exhumed.
Priscilla and Lisa Marie attend Elvis Funeral Usually, Robert Kendall discourages family to place valuables inside the coffin for the most obvious of reasons and made that clear to Vernon Presley, however, this time against his better judgment he allowed a small token from Lisa Marie who was only nine years old at the time. During the first day of private viewing Lisa Marie approached Kendall while still holding her mother’s hand and asked, “Mister Kendall can I give this to my daddy?” With that she held out her other hand to display a thin metal bracelet. In this case being only a child Kendall could deduce that Lisa Marie was terrified to touch her beloved father’s body.
Instead of taking the bracelet from Lisa Marie, Kendall took her hand walked her to her daddy’s bier. Lisa Marie Presley holding the bracelet approached the casket. She did not look at the father’s body when Kendall asked her to point to which wrist she wanted Kendall to put it on. Instead of pointing to her daddy’s wrist she pointed

########
Rank: 20
Score: 56.75936
Retrieved Text: Allow us to be blunt: We don’t need to see Kendall and Kylie Take New York. Or Take Milan. Or whatever fashion-centric city the network brass is brainstorming to showcase both girls’ budding modeling careers. We have Instagram. We’re good.
1. Kendall and Kylie Take Appleton, Wisc.: Or any Midwest suburban city. They have to live in a middle-class home and attend a public high school and have a curfew and live like regular teenagers.
2. Kendall and Kylie Take South Central: Basically the opposite of the first suggestion. We drop the girls off on Skid Row and see what happens. It’s Kourtney and Kim Take Miami meets The Amazing Race meets The Wire.
3. Kendall and Kylie Take Washington: They get internships in the White House or work on the campaign trail and we get to hear their opinions on the political state of the country.
4. Kendall and Kylie Take Over A Small Country: Kind of like Lord of the Flies except E! gives them a real country to rule over with real people living in it and we see what happens.
5. Kendall and Kylie Take Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie’s Idea and Do The Simple Life 2: Everyone thought Paris and Nicole were vapid party girls with nothing to offer society. Then they traveled around the country, stopping at summer camps and on farms, and we realized they were vapid party girls who were entertaining which IS offering society something. We’re overdue for a sequel.
6. Kendall and Kylie Take No Freebies: What happens when the free swag

########
Rank: 21
Score: 56.72426
Retrieved Text: The Fox Tower isnt just a hotel. Its a dream come true. This article is in need of more information. Help improve it by adding in what you know, or look at the request below for specific details. This article is lacking: Add in all Kingdom Hearts 3D: Dream Drop Distance Deck Commands. Lucky Admiral is the best mobile casino in the UK, with a wide range of exciting games amp; slots. Join the fleet now with up to 500 free spins amp; much more Each week on Wednesday morning (11am EST8am PST) a Pogo Games App weekly challenge is released. You can view all past Pogo Games app badge challenges. There is currently no way to 'make up' badges you missed so … Reflections of Life: Hearts Taken Collector's Edition for iPad, iPhone, Android, Mac amp; PC. Search the Siberian forests for your missing husband. Play totally Free Vegas Slots Slot machine, online and mobile friendly at Free Slots 4U. Our Sapphire Palace Event Center is the jewel of California's Redwood Coast. Entertain your guests with a private event or concert. Castlevania: Order of Ecclesia took the NPC sidequest ingredient from its predecessor, Portrait of Ruin. Unfortunately, it robin linner poker simple fetch quests into a bundle of Borgata texas holdem tournaments Bear Asses. 12:00PM: Battlefield: Bad Company 2 with Assassyn333 Looking for 2ppl to boost the isla inocentes map if you need help with the rest its no problem i help. Nov 13, 2016nbsp;0183;32;EditBorderlands 2 Main Quests. Borderlands 2 features robin linner poker main

########
Rank: 22
Score: 56.316803
Retrieved Text: Zimbabwe's preparations for the upcoming one-day series with England and South Africa suffered another setback as they slumped to a 16-run defeat by Hampshire on Thursday.
Zimbabwe's preparations for the upcoming one-day series with England and South Africa suffered another setback as they slumped to a 16-run defeat by Hampshire here on Thursday.
Chasing Hampshire's total of 262-5, Zimbabwe were bowled out for 246 in their 50th and final over.
Opener Doug Marillier top-scored for the tourists with 54 and Andy Blignaut smashed 44 from 30 balls to carry them to within sight of the target before he was caught behind by Iain Brunnschweiler off the bowling of Ed Giddins.
A magnificent unbeaten 120 from opener Derek Kenway was the foundation for Hampshire's total, with Dimitri Mascarenhas, who hit a quick-fire 50 not out, helping to boost the score with some lusty hitting late on.
It had all looked very different early in the day as the tourists reduced their opponents to 86-3.
Doug Hondo made an early breakthrough when James Hamblin nicked an edge to wicket-keeper Tatenda Taibu on four.
Kenway and Will Kendall added 71 for the second wicket before Kendall was stumped by Tatenda Taibu off a Ray Price delivery on 20. Lawrence Prittipaul was then trapped lbw by Sean Ervine without scoring to leave the home side in trouble.
Skipper Robin Smith added 28 runs before becoming a rare Grant Flower victim and Doug Marillier went for 16 off the bowling of Nick Pothas before Kenway and Mascarenhas took charge.
It has been a miserable tour for Zimbabwe, who followed up

########
Rank: 23
Score: 56.16012
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons were spotted cuddling at Khloe Kardashian’s Fourth of July party. Khloe probably unintentionally posted their pictures online.
To celebrate her return to Los Angeles and to the party life after her few months of downtime since giving birth, Khloe Kardashian threw a huge Fourth of July party this year. Her Instagram story showed alcohol, ice cream, inflatable pool toys, good food and a lot of guests. Decked out in Yeezy Season 7 apparel, Khloe spent the day catering to her guests and recording the day’s events. In the background of one of her videos, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons were caught cuddling and being cozy.
Ben Simmons is a 21 year old Australia-born NBA star currently playing for the Philadelphia 76ers. He was named the 2017/2018 rookie of the year at the NBA Awards this year. The 6’10” basketball player more than matches Jenner in his height, and the two have reportedly moved in together into a $25,000 a month rental in LA. The house has five bedrooms and a pool. The pair have reportedly only been together for a couple of months. Kendall was rumored to be dating Anwar Hadid a few weeks ago and NBA player Blake Griffin not long before that.
The new couple has been extremely private about their relationship, and Kendall has previously said that she does not like sharing her private life online, so it is unclear whether Khloe filmed them by mistake or whether they know about it as of yet. Kendall posted several pictures and videos

########
Rank: 24
Score: 56.096313
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner recently showcased her dance moves in the Balmain x H&M campaign music video and now the model is teaming up with her little sister, Kylie Jenner, to once again hit the dance floor.
Earlier this week Justine Skye debuted her new music video for the single "I'm Yours" in New York's Times Square, and the superstar sisters show off their lip-syncing skills throughout the footage. Kendall, 20, and Kylie, 18, appear to be having just another fun night out at karoke as they sing along to Skye's track, which features Vic Mensa and a smooth R&B vibe. Press play at the top to watch a clip from the music video.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 55.98498
Retrieved Text: Now I have to start this review by owning-up that I am not a huge fan of either ballroom dancing or of the BBC’s Strictly Come Dancing – but I have to admit that the Robin Windsor farewell tour show at the Garrick last Monday was fun, flashy, flamboyant and, of course …Fab-U-Lous Darling!
Robin appeared on Strictly from 2010 to 2013 and was one of the most popular performers, appearing with celebrity dance partners Patsy Kensit, Dragon’s Den Deborah Meaden, Eastenders’ Anita Dobson and, probably the most popular combination, Emmerdale’s Lisa Riley.
He has also appeared in many professional dance shows including the very popular, high-octane ballroom show Burn the Floor and has also worked on shows with fellow Strictly dance professional, Kristina Rihanoff.
Now Robin has decided to hang up his professional dancing shoes and embark on a new venture, working as a dance instructor at the Body Holiday, a health resort in St Lucia and he will move to the Caribbean in February 2019.
So, before he leaves the shores of the UK for sunnier climes, he has embarked on an autumnal farewell tour of the country with a series of dates which included the Lichfield Garrick Theatre on Monday 29 October 2018.
The show, as you would expect, does feature a dazzling array of dance routines, with the various genres seen so often on Strictly all represented. Robin is accompanied on the tour by five dancers and the routines are all highly professional, seamless, spirited and a delight on the eyes. They are performed with a backdrop

########
Rank: 26
Score: 55.92153
Retrieved Text: Selena Gomez reveals Kendall Jenner has a secret boyfriend | HELLO!
Selena Gomez forms part of the hottest girl gang in the celebrity world, but the Good For You singer, who used to date Justin Bieber, is the only single one among her group of friends. The star revealed that Kendall Jenner is spoken for, leaving fans speculating as to who the mystery man could be.
In an interview on Capital FM, presenter Roman Kemp asked if he could join Selena's gang, to which she replied: "Maybe not for the squad necessarily but boyfriend material is always good…none of them are single just so you know. Taylor is not single, Gigi is not single, neither is Kendall. I am the only single one!"
Taylor Swift recently celebrated her one-year anniversary with Calvin Harris, while Gigi Hadid is officially the girlfriend of singer Zayn Malik, but who is Kendall's new beau?
Although the Victoria's Secret model's life is highly publicised, she prefers to keep her personal life under wraps, leaving her Kardashian sisters to lead high-profile lives on social media.
Since the 20-year-old rekindled her relationship with One Direction star Harry Styles in December, she has not been romantically linked to anyone - until now.
Who is Kendall's mystery man?
The pair, who first dated in 2013, seemingly confirmed their romance as they enjoyed a holiday together in the Caribbean in late December. The couple were pictured kissing and cuddling on board a luxury yacht moored off the island of St Barts, with many speculating that they were very much an item.
However, just one

########
Rank: 27
Score: 55.835907
Retrieved Text: 100 Years of SailingThis year's International Sailing Federation Αnnual Conference took place in Estoril Portugal, during the first weeks of November.
In celebration of its Centenary Year, ISAF inaugurated the Sailing Hall of Fame, which will honour the sport's greatest personalities. The first inductee's were: Dame Ellen Macarthur, Barbara Kendall, Sir Robin Knox-Johnston, Paul Elvstrom, Olin Stephens and Eric Tabarly.
King Constantine is the Honorary Chairman of the ISAF Sailing Hall and shared the presentation of the trophies with ISAF President Goran Petersson.
Logo for 2007 Round Square ConferenceThis year's Annual Round Square Conference took place between the 18th-24th October at Daly College.
With a record number of participants from around the world, this year's theme, The World Is One Family, was brought to life in Indore, India and hopefully carried back to the 61 Round Square schools and to the hearts of each of its members.
King Constantine was invited to expand on the annual theme, in his closing speech, in which he also thanked Dr. Maitra for helping him overcome a brief ailment.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 55.67431
Retrieved Text: James B. Murphy Jr., of Hull, died July 13 at the age of 56.
The son of James B. Murphy Sr. of Hull and Elaine Cieri of Randolph, father of Joseph P. Murphy and his wife Kendall of Rockland, and Kristine Munnis of Weymouth; beloved companion of 25 years of Kathleen Berry of Hull; loving grandfather of Katelyn, Justin, and Ema; brother of Joseph Murphy and his wife Joanne, Julie Murphy, William Murphy and his wife Lori, Lisa Hoban, David Foley, Laurie Foley, Robin Cohen, and Cherri Foley; Mr. Murphy was also an uncle to Jeremy Murphy, Jessica, Jaime, Tayla, and Allyson; Godfather of Jeremy Murphy and Tayla. He is also survived by his aunt Virginia Miraglia, and his former wife Michelle Murphy. He was the grandson of the late Joseph and Julia Cieri and William and Jenny Murphy; nephew of the late Vincent Cieri, Karen Brown Cieri, William and Dorothy Murphy.
Mr. Murphy was a U.S Navy Veteran and worked as an Electricians assistant for many years at Handrahan Electric.
Services have been held. Remembrances may be made to Dana Farber Cancer Institute, Attn: Contributions Services, 6th Fl., 10 Brookline Place West, Brookline, MA 02445. For additional information and online condolences, please visit www.downingchapel.com.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 55.587452
Retrieved Text: Gigi Hadid, 23, is trying not to play the big sister card as her brother Anwar, 19, appears to be ending his romance with Kendall Jenner, 23. An exclusive relationship doesn’t seem to be in this pair’s foreseeable future as they were last spotted in the same place on Oct. 9, and Kendall then reunited with her former flame Ben Simmons, 22, at his basketball game in Philadelphia on Nov. 1! “Gigi has vowed to stay out of things between Kendall and Anwar, she knows he can take care of himself,” a source close to Gigi EXCLUSIVELY shares with HollywoodLife. “But still, she’s a little disappointed that the romance between them seems to be cooling off. Gigi would love for them to get serious and still has high hopes of things working out.” Gigi can’t relate to her BFF’s casual approach to dating!
“Gigi is big on committed relationships, but she knows not everyone wants to settle down young like her,” our source continues. The high fashion model has been dating Zayn Malik, 25, since 2015. They only separated briefly in early 2018 before resuming their long-term relationship! Regardless, Gigi will keep a carpe diem attitude when it comes to the love affair of her brother and best friend. “She’s trying not to pressure them and let whatever happens, happen,” our source says. But a girl can daydream!
“She loves them as a couple though and hasn’t given up hope that they’ll end up together,” our source reveals. “She feels like they would make a great thing long-term.”

================



======= Instance Index 2062 =========
Input Text: Context: Tracy went to an animal shelter and picked out an adorable kitten. Tracy brought the kitten home.

Question: What will Tracy want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: choose where to go pet shopping

B: buy some kitten food

C: sell the kitten's toys

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 74.43804
Retrieved Text: Iowa animals: A kitten was found frozen. Now a shelter is saving her.
An Iowa couple found a kitten frozen to the ground. Now, she's purring at the shelter that saved her.
A couple thought there was a rock on the ground. When they picked it up, they were shocked to find a kitten.
When a Ringgold couple was taking out their trash, they found something that looked like a rock in the snow.
But when they went to pick it up — it meowed. Instead of a rock, to their surprise, they actually found a frozen kitten, said Tracy Hill, director of Animal Alliance Rescue in Mount Ayr.
After the couple brought the kitten to Animal Alliance Rescue on Monday, Hill went to work on saving the 7-month-old kitten.
The task wasn't easy. All four of her paws were stuck with a quarter-inch of ice. She was suffering from hypothermia and her body was mostly skin and bones.
Hill stayed up all night providing heat packs and fluids for the kitten.
By 1 a.m., she started crawling.
By 3 a.m., she started walking several steps.
At 3:30 a.m., she was able to start eating.
As of Tuesday morning, the veterinarian said the kitten is expected to survive — and the animal rescue gave her a fitting name for her journey: Elsa.
"She’s purring and loving everyone," Hill said.
While Elsa is expected to grow into a loving adult cat, her journey still isn't going to be easy. The shelter isn't sure yet if her paws will need to be amputated and she is still suffering some injuries from

########
Rank: 1
Score: 55.07398
Retrieved Text: Dopey wants you to adopt him! How can you resist his adorable face? If you are looking for a wonderful kitten, Dopey would be an excellent choice. His mother had seven kittens soon after she arrived at Paws. All her kittens were named after the Seven Dwarfs. Dopey is actually a smart and lovable kitten. He is a handsome, black and white fellow with wonderful markings. He has a terrific personality and likes to play with his brother, Sleepy. He is litter box trained. Dopey will have his shots and a neuter certificate when adopted. This boy is a fun-loving kitten. He will entertain you as he plays and bring you hours of happiness. Come visit Paws Animal Shelter and adopt Dopey. He is waiting for you. Stop by Paws Animal Shelter located at 1535 West US Highway 36, Urbana, Ohio 43078 or call Paws Animal Shelter at 937-653-6233. The Shelter hours are Tuesday-Friday 12-5 p.m., Saturday 12-4 p.m., Sunday and Monday-closed. There are many wonderful cats, adorable kittens and fun-loving dogs at the shelter waiting for good homes. Paws Animal Shelter has a lot of kittens and cats to feed and is in need donations of Purina Kitten Chow and Purina Complete Cat Chow. Currently we have enough Purina dog chow thanks to generous food donations. We also could use donations of bleach, laundry detergent and clumping cat litter. Paws Animal Shelter is a no kill shelter. We are a nonprofit organization that operates only by donations. We do not receive any city, county or

########
Rank: 2
Score: 52.48964
Retrieved Text: We flew our fluffy silver Persian kitten Amir to Tracy in Maryland this weekend who agreed to show him for us, thank you! He made every Judge’s final and was 4th highest scoring kitten of the show at only 5 months old! Thanks Tracy!!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 51.662785
Retrieved Text: Poor Squiggy is hit by a car.
Tracy adopted Squiggy from a shelter in 2006 when he was two months old. From the get-go, Squiggy acted more like a puppy than a kitten; he liked to play, fetch, hide, and surprise his parents. Initially, Tracy had insured her puppy, Murphy, with another insurance provider, but was talked out of it. She cancelled and found Embrace in the summer of 2009, when she insured both Murphy and Squiggy.
Then, in September, a woman knocked on Tracy’s door, saying she hit Squiggy with her car and thought she broke his leg. She said “Sorry” and promptly left. Tracy found Squiggy in the bushes where he dragged himself after the accident. It took her 15 minutes to get him to Veterinary Surgical Specialists of Long Island, but during the car ride Squiggy went into shock.
A preliminary exam showed several fractures (his back was broken in two places) and internal bleeding. Initially, the vets told Tracy that Squiggy would be paralyzed with no neurologic function since they couldn’t detect a pulse in his lower extremities. Once they stabilized his breathing, they were able to get faint pulses back. Squiggy was put on pain medication and made comfortable for the night.
The next morning, Squiggy licked Tracy’s hand and looked at her, and she knew she had to do everything she could to save him. Squiggy went into surgery shortly after. The neurosurgeon explained to Tracy that Squiggy would have a long recovery, with pins in his toes, legs and pelvis on one side

########
Rank: 4
Score: 51.09133
Retrieved Text: When Jack and Debi Roney of Vienna, Va., decided to get a kitten, they set their sights on a lively, energetic animal. But that was before they met Minnalouche, a calico that a local humane society fostered. "She seemed to need a lot of love and warmth," Debi recalls. "When I picked her up, she snuggled under my sweater. She seemed to really need me."
Feeling needed appealed to the Roneys then, just as it has in the 13 years since they adopted Minnalouche. Steve Aiken, an animal behaviorist from Wichita, Kan., understands why. Adopting from a shelter, humane society or rescue group "means helping a cat who’s already there and needs the love of an owner," he says.
Socialization Many shelter cats were previously owned and socialized, so they’re more likely than strays to make a happy adjustment to your household.
Expert advice The staffs at animal shelters can help take the guesswork out of choosing the right pet. Since they interact daily with the kittens and cats, they have a feel for their moods.
Lower costs Adopting a cat is less expensive than buying one. You can save money in medical costs too. Many cats have already been spayed or neutered and if they haven’t, shelters usually reimburse a portion of the cost when a spay or neuter is requested.
Despite the advantages, shelter animals can have higher stress levels. "Shelter cats have been in another home, snatched up and brought to a shelter with the strange sights and sounds of many other animals, and then snatched up again

########
Rank: 5
Score: 50.96021
Retrieved Text: Smurf, an 8-week-old kitten, is the Internet’s latest animal inspiration.
At just 1.75 pounds, the tiny cat was found in a box on the side of the road running a temperature of 105. Smurf, who was brought to the San Jose Animal Care Center and taken to the Nine Lives Foundation in Redwood City, California to recover, had been dyed purple and showed apparent signs of abuse in the form of bite wounds and gashes.
"I believe that, for someone's amusement, this kitten was used as a chew toy for their dog,” Dr. Monica Rudiger of the Nine Lives Foundation told ABC News.
Though Smurf has experienced an extremely difficult few weeks, he’s not letting his journey discourage him. It's clear that this small kitten has a big personality, which he has used to befriend Wanda, a blind kitten that also resides at the shelter.
Smurf with his friend Wanda, another kitten at the shelter.
The resilient felines have developed a touching bond, which includes giving each other body massages and baths. In fact, the foundation shared that Wanda has even taken on a purple hue from snuggling with Smurf. Talk about a purr-fect pair!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 50.31133
Retrieved Text: A big dog and tiny cat strike up an unlikely friendship and the Internet can't help but blink back tears of joy.
Here's something to smile about. An abandoned kitten, just days old, has been "adopted" by a loving labrador. Battersea Dogs and Cats Home shared a sweet video of little Ava and her new best friend Barney. The British animal shelter writes the dog "has taken his role of kitten-sitting very seriously." The Internet can't help but blink back tears of joy at the clip of the two snuggling.
The now five-week-old kitten was just days old when she was found abandoned in a London garden. Ava met her furry friend Barney at the animal shelter. The adorable duo love to snuggle, play and watch TV together, reveals Battersea Dogs and Cats Home. The three-year-old labrador monitors the kitten's every move around the office to make sure she's safe.
"Barney adores Ava and can't wait to come into Battersea every morning so he can see her. It's great for Ava too, because she doesn't have a mum or brothers or sisters, so Barney has become her best friend and favourite playmate," says Head Nurse Rachel Ab'dee. "It's wonderful to see them so happy together and to know that their most difficult days are behind them," she adds.
Isn't it funny how animals can do what we humans can't. Just be kind.
I just love it us Brits are so gooey over a cute video (me included). Reminds us in this increasingly cruel world, there is still kindness.
Fortunately, Ava already has

########
Rank: 7
Score: 50.20212
Retrieved Text: Heart On The Line: Welcome Penny!
This afternoon we adopted a three year old Siamese cat from an amazing local shelter. We already have an orange tabby cat named Max, who we adopted from the same shelter about five years ago, but we've been talking for a while about getting Max a friend. I'm such an animal lover that I'd have 10 cats and be the crazy cat lady if it was up to me. Shawn makes sure I don't go crazy, lol.
Today seemed like the right day to add to our family, so we went down to the shelter to look at cats. We didn't necessarily want a kitten. I adore kittens but they're so hyper and their little claws are like razors, lol. I didn't really want a kitten clawing up our new carpet and we thought Max would adapt to an older, calmer cat a little better. Plus, the adult cats have a much harder time getting adopted. Everyone wants a kitten.
We looked at several different cats. We wanted one that was really friendly, good with kids, fairly mellow and one with short hair. I love long haired cats, but I can't deal with the shedding.
After having a really fun time playing with lots of different cats we found Penny. She's a beautiful cat, you can't really see from the photo how pretty her coloring is. She's super mellow and SO lovey and sweet! She sat on our laps and purred like crazy the whole time we were at the shelter. Penny is also

########
Rank: 8
Score: 49.182877
Retrieved Text: There is still so much to add, but I’ve added a couple of hundred new items this week, with 4 new previously unreleased images.
Fans of the rural, rustic, and natural images will love these.
All artfully reproduced and printed on a wide range of products, including phone cases, tshirts, collectors’ plates, household goods, ornaments, and more!
As much as we hated to do it, nobody adopted the little stray kitten over the weekend and, since we don’t currently have adequate resources to care for her, we had to turn her over to animal control yesterday.
Many thanks to everyone who shared the blog post, and to everyone who has tried to help find her a home.
I briefly considered naming it “Spike” and raising it as a dog, but I really can’t keep this stray kitten we found. I know “cat people” are a passionate and caring bunch, so please share this link and help find it a home!!
It’s cute, it’s small, it’s affectionate.. and it’s free to a good home. For more info, please see yesterday’s blog post.
This adorable kitten is believed to have strayed from a feral litter. It (we have no idea if it is a he or a she) was found hiding in a thicket of trees and brush; it was very thin and very frightened.
After a little time and a bowl of milk, it has quickly warmed to people. And, it seems to be healthy, aside from being a little undernourished.
But it still needs a permanent home. We can keep it through the weekend, but

########
Rank: 9
Score: 49.16683
Retrieved Text: Multnomah County Animal Services (MCAS) joined North Shore Animal League America, and more than 500 shelter partners across the country, to celebrate Hallmark Channel’s Kitten Bowl VI game with a Kitten Bowl Party event, featuring an adoption special for all animals seven months and older in the shelter, including a chance to win a fee-waived adoption.
After finding the pet of their dreams, completing an application, and interviewing with an adoption counselor, adopters drew for their adoption promotion from a bowl of mini football prize eggs, ranging anywhere from 25% off adoption fees, to waived adoption fees. All animals seven months and older were eligible. License fees applied for Multnomah County residents.
Kitten Bowl is the greatest feline football showdown in cable television history and has resulted in over 10,000 adoptions. The competition will be hosted by North Shore Animal League America’s Volunteer, Foster Mom and National Spokesperson, Beth Stern, who will be joined by former NFL QB and sports host, Rodney Peete. Kitten Bowl VI will premiere Su-PURR Bowl Sunday, February 3, 2019 (11 a.m. Pacific) on Hallmark Channel. North Shore Animal League America and its participating shelter partners across the country will once again be hosting Kitten Bowl Parties with free giveaways featuring Kitten Bowl trading cards in addition to adoption specials for approved adopters.
All of the players in the actual Kitten Bowl competition have found loving homes through Hallmark Channel’s partnership with North Shore Animal League America – the world’s largest no-kill, rescue, and animal adoption organization. However, there are plenty of fabulous felines at

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.992027
Retrieved Text: Kitten Lady explains the kitten crisis and solutions at the Animal Rights National Conference in 2016.
With so many animals in need in the United States, it’s kind of hard for some people to believe that kittens need our help. After all, kittens are universally adored—so they must be doing okay…right?
Kittens under 8 weeks old are one of the most euthanized populations in the United States, being killed by the hundreds of thousands every year. However, we can change that! It starts with education. Here’s what you need to know about why there’s a kitten crisis, and how to make things right.
Most shelters don’t have programs to save kittens.
Kitten care requires specialized knowledge. Many shelter staff have no experience or training in pediatric care for kittens. Whether it’s kennel staff that don’t know how to bottle feed, or a medical team that doesn’t have experience treating neonatal kittens, most of the time a shelter will not know how to help unless they’ve made neonatal training a priority. Additionally, many shelters don’t have the correct supplies on hand to care for young kittens.
Kittens are time-intensive. The average US shelter doesn’t have the staffing to provide overnight care, which means that any unweaned kitten cannot survive even 24 hours in their facility. Unless a foster home is available, they are typically euthanized before close of business on the day they are brought in.
Underage kittens take up much-needed cage space. Most shelters need every open cage they can get in order to continue to take in cats in need. Because

########
Rank: 11
Score: 48.97429
Retrieved Text: TAG SEARCH RESULTS FOR: "Sweet Maple"
Meet Maple, KBOE 104.9 FM‘s Pet of the Week from Stephen Memorial Animal Shelter.
She’s about 5 1/2 months old – and the only kitten remaining from strays that came in last season. But we don’t understand why she hasn’t found a home yet… because Maple is a sweet and curious kitten. Would you get a look at those eyes? She’s perfect!
Visit www.stephenmemorial.org to learn more, call the shelter at 641-673-3991, or check out the Stephen Memorial Animal Shelter Facebook page.
Maple from Stephen Memorial Animal Shelter. Photo by Kate Sterner.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 48.972885
Retrieved Text: This adorable little kitten was sitting in a shelter waiting for the perfect human, but when this guy came along, this adorable kitten caught his attention and he just couldn’t resist the urge to adopt the sweet kitten.
After all, who could say no with this adorable kitten sticking his paws out and trying to get adopted! I don’t think I could either!
He Got Lost In The Alps, But When This Cat Noticed Him, Just Watch… This Is The Sweetest Thing Ever!!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 48.894855
Retrieved Text: Cats can enrich our lives so very much. If you have the space – there are so many cats in shelters that are in desperate need of a safe and loving home. Many are there through no fault of their own. Their previous owners may have moved and not been able to take them, or may have passed away.Or shelter cats could simply have become lost or strayed from home.
I often get asked “Why Should I Adopt A Pet From A Shelter?” But this is something I believe we all know already. Simply put, you are usually saving a life. Save a cat and in return you will be richly rewarded for it, for many years to come.
Age 14? I hesitated. That was pretty old. I put him back in the cage and walked around the shelter, looking the other cats over. There were many nice ones, as well as a few kittens. But my mind kept going back to Morgan, and I realized that, in fact, I had bonded with him. Fourteen years notwithstanding, we had become buddies.
One of the saddest things you’ll see in Animal Shelters is the number of older cats waiting for adoption. By and large, people are looking for kittens.
The older cats languish, many from happy homes where they were loved and cared for, but brought into the shelter for some reason known only to the owner and the cat.
Many people, who don’t like older cats, like kittens. Kittens are cute, cuddly, and funny. They make pleasing pets – but lose

########
Rank: 14
Score: 48.889656
Retrieved Text: Four months ago, Nala was celebrated as the 1000th kitten to cross the front door threshold of the ASPCA Kitten Nursery in Manhattan.
Today, the six-month-old cat—now named Finn—is a beloved family member in the home of Jamie S. and Sean H. of Worcester, Massachusetts.
Jamie and Sean then visited the shelter on September 22.
Finn was just three weeks old when he was found as a stray in Queens with his sister Nina. Both were brought to the ASPCA Kitten Nursery on July 15 by a Good Samaritan. Dehydrated and suffering from diarrhea, the kittens were placed in a foster home until they recovered and were old enough to be spayed and neutered.
Around Labor Day, the kittens were transported to Second Chance Animal Shelter, one of several ASPCA shelter partners that routinely accepts animals from the ASPCA and places them up for adoption.
“The abundance of kittens can cause an overflow of cats in our Adoption Center, and we want to prevent that bottleneck,” explains Cheryl Fazio-Hardwick, the ASPCA’s Transport Manager. Cheryl coordinated the transport of 181 kittens to less crowded shelters in Maine and Massachusetts during this year’s kitten season.
In his new home, Finn adjusted quickly. He was excited to meet Jamie and Sean’s other cat, two-year-old David—named after the actor David Duchovny. The couple introduced the two kitties carefully at first.
Finn also loves curling up with Jamie, who has had cats since she was four years old.
Jamie reports that Finn is very friendly, even to visitors—a testament to the healthy socialization he received from his foster caregiver

########
Rank: 15
Score: 48.845196
Retrieved Text: Hours: Monday-Thursday: 12 p.m.-7 p.m.
Hours: Wednesday-Saturday: 11 a.m.-5 p.m., Sunday: 11 a.m.-4 p.m.
Conejo Valley residents love their pets, and rescue animals seem to hold a special place in their owners’ hearts. The Agoura Animal Care Center, run by the County of Los Angeles Department of Animal Care and Control, has contributed many of these treasured pets to our community.
Although the Agoura shelter takes in “mostly dogs and cats,” says Rosen, “We also care for stray and unwanted horses, rabbits, goats, pigs, ducks, chickens, turtles, tortoises, lizards, snakes, parrots and other birds,” and all of the animals are eligible for adoption.
Adopting from the Agoura shelter is an easy and affordable process. Available animals are posted on the county’s website (AnimalCare.LACounty.gov), and can be searched by shelter, breed, age and size.
Adoption fees vary, “depending on how long we have had the animal and if we have performed spay or neuter surgery,” says Rosen. For more details on the adoption process, please visit AnimalCare.LACounty.gov.
Scarlett is a 2-year-old gray striped tabby who was adopted as a kitten by Westlake Village residents Tracy Brister, Leslie Thompson and daughter Michaela.
When they adopted her from the Agoura shelter, the Loper clan didn’t realize what a sweet addition Molly would be to their family. At the shelter, the four Loper children, ages 8-14, “immediately fell in love with” the Dachshund/Labrador mix, and “we stayed an hour while the kids played ball with her,” says mom, Jennifer.
Adopting a dog that would be gentle with children was important to their family, especially for their 10-year-old son

########
Rank: 16
Score: 48.479355
Retrieved Text: How do I donate a car to an animal charity like Kitten Rescue?
simple phone call, you can donate your car to Kitten Rescue and support an organization that believes every cat has the right to a high-quality of life, a loving home, or long-term care at a pet shelter.
But, as passionate as you are about the cause of animal protection, you need it to be headache-free, because you don’t have time for hassles. We at Cars2Charities leap into action when you call, picking up your car donation for at a time and location that is convenient for you.
After you call 855-520-2100, within 24-48 hours we pick up your vehicle and our repair staff uses a 16-point inspection to determine which changes can bring your car to its maximum resale potential. The more we sell your vehicle for, the more money goes to fight animal cruelty.
Did you know your car doesn’t even have to run?!
You may have heard about cars for charity where you have to get your car to an auto donation location or limp it somewhere for a government rebate. But at Cars2Charities, we come to you and tow away the vehicle. We’ll do everything needed to parlay the car you no longer need into fuel for the cause of pet rescue.
What's the best car donation for an animal charity, such as Kitten Rescue?
On top of the tax deduction you get if you donate a vehicle to an animal charity like Kitten Rescue, the goal is to contribute the most money to rescue pets. The

########
Rank: 17
Score: 48.45435
Retrieved Text: Saltwater Taffy is a young kitten whose front legs are bent due to a congenital condition. She was found in a back yard in Philadelphia, along with her siblings, who are also special needs, and is being fostered for ACCT.
Saltwayer Taffy is a young bendy legged kitten who appears to have radial agenesis. Her bent legs are from a congenital condition. She was found in a back yard in Philadelphia, along with her siblings, who are also special needs, with facial abnormalities.
All the kittens were saved and are being fostered for ACCT, the Philly Animal Care and Control Team.
Meet Saltwater Taffy, the Lobster Claw Kitty. This baby was picked up from a back yard in Philadelphia in the dark of night. The shelter noticed right away that there was something very different about this five week old kitten (besides the fact that she was still alive): SHE HAD LITTLE LOBSTER CLAW LEGS.
Her front legs make an “L” shape. The shelter vets thinks that her special legs are probably in this shape because she has tendon contracture and maybe missing radial bones. Because she is still a baby monkey, she doesn’t get around too great yet.
She kind of flops around because her front legs aren’t very strong. She manages to get herself to her food bowl for noms (excellent job!) and pushes herself into a pile to lay with her two siblings.
Oh, did I forget to mention that Salt Water Taffy isn’t the only kitten in the family with some level of special? She wasn’t picked up

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.39218
Retrieved Text: Oh no? Why “oh no”? Kitten Season sounded pretty great to me. In my inexperience, I imagined a welcome influx of fluffy playful kittens just in time for spring. And, of course, a hoard of perfect potential adopters beating down our doors to carry three or four kittens back to a purrfect forever home.
Fast forward 4 years, and now I know the reality of Kitten Season is much harsher.
So what’s it all about? To tell us more, I sought out the assistant foster coordinator at King Street Cats in Alexandria, Andrea Cerrino, for some inside information. According to Andrea, Kitten Season “begins in the early spring and goes through summer; it’s the time of year when the majority of kittens are born.” Andrea explained that the phenomenon begins in spring, because the estrus or heat cycle in cats is regulated by the weather. Cats are polyestrous, which means, Andrea said, they “typically experience three heat cycles per year, and in warmer climates they can have four.” The result? Plenty of chances to mate, plenty of chances to conceive, and plenty of newborn kittens.
Andrea is right. Statistics are hard to pin down, but the ASPCA estimates 1.4 million cats are euthanized in the United States alone every year. That’s 41% of all cats entering shelters. Although statistics are not readily available, shelter volunteers can sadly attest that unwanted kittens comprise a large percentage of that 1.4 million.
I brought my first foster kittens home from a family farm after a visit home in the early spring. It was

########
Rank: 19
Score: 47.773346
Retrieved Text: Today's post isn't going to be the most uplifting, but this information needs to be shared.
There are too many cats in Spokane.
During the first week of the month, between July 1-6, the Spokane County Regional Animal Protection Services (SCRAPS) took in a total of 234 animals — 145 cats and 89 dogs. Many of the dogs were brought in following the Fourth of July fireworks, and a large percentage have since been reclaimed because their owners had the foresight to microchip or ID tag their pets. Yet, during the same 6-day period last year, SCRAPS took in roughly half as many animals — 43 dogs and 59 cats.
The cats, unfortunately, haven't been as lucky as their canine cohorts. SCRAPS moved into its brand new, centrally-located facility (6815 E. Trent Ave.) about a month ago — a facility that includes 100 cat kennels; twice as many as its former building — but with all these new feline residents, the shelter's cat room is full. A video by KHQ news shows just what that's like, as cats beginning crying out for attention as soon as the photographer and SCRAPS director Nancy Hill walk into the room.
Molly (4220) is a sweet, friendly adult calico currently waiting for a home at SCRAPS.
In the video, Hill credits the recent influx to one thing: owners are not spaying and neutering their cats. Though it is indeed kitten season, and all the kittens ending up in shelters are irresistibly cute, adorable and playful, they're going to grow up and many of them, sadly,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 47.71932
Retrieved Text: Learn how you can become a Parma Animal Shelter Volunteer.
Adoption fees are: Puppies, 6 months and under – $200.00; Small Dogs, 7 months to 7 years (25 lbs. and under) – $200.00; Click HERE to view the full list of adoption fees.
In light of the dog respiratory illness that is going around shelters in the Ohio area, we have decided to close the dog side to the public until further notice. Our main concern is for the health of the dogs at our shelter and also preventing the spread of disease to any dogs outside the shelter. Thanks for your understanding.
We are currently not accepting any new cats or kittens. We will be offering limited cat adoptions by appointment only. With any questions, or to set up an adoption appointment, please email catadoptions@parmashelter.org.
Every year, Parma Animal Shelter takes in approximately 300 kittens. We provide medical care and shelter until each kitten finds his or her furever home.
Costs associated with the intake, medical care, and sheltering of one healthy kitten can total $150 or more.
YOU can help by sponsoring a kitten, ordering from our Amazon kitten WISH LIST, or by purchasing KMR, bottles, blankets, and toys and bringing them to the shelter at 6260 State Rd. in Parma, OH.
Adopt a pet from PAS! Adopting a pet from the Parma Animal Shelter can be very rewarding!
Consider becoming a Parma Animal Shelter volunteer! There are many opportunities to choose from.
Donate to the Parma Animal Shelter, a 501(c)(3) organization. The shelter is 100% volunteer-run and relies on donations and grants.
Looking

########
Rank: 21
Score: 47.61666
Retrieved Text: LightningStore Adorable Cute Balinese Cat Kitten Stuffed Animal Doll Realistic Looking Plush Toys Plushie Children’s Gifts Animals - Featuresstuffed & plush,educational,soft,model item typeanimals genderunisex brand namelightningstore age range> 3 years old typeplush/nano doll fillingpp cotton materialcotton model number269 materialplush.
Boyds Plush Black and White Cat Tommy Kat Kitten Fully Jointed Stuffed Animal - Tommy is made from a plush fur with poly stuffing and he is poseable. A great addition to any boyds or cat collection. Tommy’s an independent cat with a soft side this black and white kitten features green eyes, velvet-lined ears, velvet paw pads, and a satin ribbon bow.
National Geographic Jaguar Kitten Stuffed Animal Plush Toy Medium - The national geographics plush animals are designed exclusively in italian stuffed toy are for all ages & come with lelly certificate. Trust for your child and for you not only due to the quality but the ease of cleaning to ensure least amount of germs. The material create a similar look to nature and is precious. The refined and charming design creates real looking plush toy with a very sweet expression. The tender and ductile body encourages to be pampered and protects at night.
Gund Plush Klumbsy Aspen the White Kitten Stuffed Animal - They are made from the new silky soft materials. The valentine klumbsies come with a red pillow heart around the neck which reads “love me” this adorable white kitten is soooo cuddly soft you won’t want to put him down. Klumbsy’s are adorably versatile and cuddly creatures. They can stand on all 4

########
Rank: 22
Score: 47.49978
Retrieved Text: It’s kitten season, also known (less glamorously) as cat birthing season.
And while welcoming more adorable, baby felines into the world may sound like a dream, it’s an overwhelming reality for animal shelters across the country, like the Nevada Humane Society.
The animal shelter is currently caring for 400 kittens, reports KTVN.
And this Reno-based shelter cares for every kittens that comes through their doors.
Nevada Humane Society makes it easier for fosters to care for young kittens, many of whom need regular bottle feedings and medical care, by providing the volunteer pet parents with all the food and supplies they need to care for the little ones.
This can be hard to do in high kitten season, especially with this year’s baby boom. So the shelter is calling upon their local community and the national community for help.
“Litter, cat food, wet food for the kittens, and things to make their lives a little easier, things like heating pads – rice, socks – to make those heating pads,” Aguiar told KTVN are donations that the shelter desperately needs and would greatly appreciate.
The shelter is running out of the essentials caring for all of their new residents. A no-kill facility, Nevada Humane Society will never euthanize an animal because of lack of supplies, instead they will change to the budget to accommodate for the extra supplies, but this can mean restricting staffing during one of the shelter’s busiest times.
To prevent this, the shelter is putting out a call for donations.
“Donations are critical for us, because obviously all of the clients that we

########
Rank: 23
Score: 47.242184
Retrieved Text: Step Two – Putting The Kitten In The Box After Feeding Kitten Melody loves her milk too. Usually kittens sleep – wake up – eat – play and then go to the litter box before they go back to bed to sleep.... How to Train Your Kitten to Use the Litterbox Litter , Litter Boxes 0 So, you’ve finally given in to the kids’ begging and pleading and brought home a kitten from the local shelter or rescue.
7/11/2016 · The best cat litter to use at this stage is probably sand or a non-amassing clay cat litter. Some cat proprietors say they have great results with crystal litter, yet a few people are somewhat... Learn how to litter train a kitten! A kitten will learn how to use a litter box if you are consistent. Tips on how to potty train a kitten. A kitten will learn how to use a litter box if you are consistent.
If your kitten has already been trained or partially trained to use a litter box, it's best to continue using the same type of litter. If you decide you'd like to switch types, slowly integrate the new litter into the old so your kitten can get used to it before fully switching.
How to Train Your Kitten to Use the Litterbox Litter , Litter Boxes 0 So, you’ve finally given in to the kids’ begging and pleading and brought home a kitten from the local shelter or rescue.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 47.187336
Retrieved Text: Last month, as they do every March, fuzzy little babies began arriving at shelters around the country. The kittens are coming, and their arrival means more than just photo after photo of triangle-eared munchkins.
Is kitten season a real thing?
Each year from roughly March to October, animal shelters experience a drastic increase in the number of kittens arriving on their doorsteps. But the reality is that thousands of vulnerable kittens enter our shelter system every single day of the year. And while the idea of kitten season might give you the warm fuzzies, thousands of them arriving all at once cause an unbearable strain on shelter resources and space.
“Kittens under eight weeks of age are the largest population of pets dying in our city shelters,” says Marc Peralta, executive director of Best Friends‒Los Angeles.
As perfectly adorable as they are, newborn kittens have extremely delicate immune systems and very few shelters are equipped to help them survive. Enter Best Friends’ kitten nurseries ― state-of-the-art kitten facilities in Salt Lake City and Kanab in Utah, Los Angeles and New York City that are staffed 24 hours a day by specially trained caregivers and volunteers.
The New York kitten nursery opened just this week, along with a new pet adoption center in SoHo. Since the first nursery opened in Los Angeles in 2013, Best Friends kitten nurseries have cared for more than 12,600 newborn kittens. And while the idea of kitten nurseries may sound a little odd, they provide lifesaving care and are a critical piece of Best Friends’ plan to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 47.099396
Retrieved Text: https://www.urbanacitizen.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/36/2015/10/web1_Paws-cat-Skeeter-10-11-2015-newspaper-900.jpgSkeeter is an adorable cat who will quickly win your heart. She is a beautiful tiger with orange highlights. Whenever you enter the cattery, if she is out of her cage, Skeeter will run up to greet you. She loves attention and really wants a forever home. This captivating girl would love to become the center of your attention. She loves to play with the other cats at the shelter. She is very social and a real sweetheart. She would make a great addition to any home. Skeeter is up to date on her shots and is spayed. She has been wormed and she tested negative for feline leukemia. Skeeter is litter box trained. Come meet Skeeter. She is waiting for you. Stop by Paws Animal Shelter, 1535 W. U.S. Route 36, Urbana, Ohio 43078, or call Paws Animal Shelter at 937-653-6233. The Shelter hours are Tuesday-Friday 12-5 p.m., Saturday 12-4 p.m., Sunday and Monday-closed. You can email us at pawsurbana@hotmail.com. There are many wonderful cats, adorable kittens and fun-loving dogs at the shelter waiting for good homes. Paws Animal Shelter has a lot of kittens, cats, dogs and puppies to feed and is in need donations of Purina Kitten Chow, Purina Complete Cat Chow, Purina Dog Chow and Purina Puppy Chow. We also could use donations of bleach, laundry detergent and clumping cat litter. Paws Animal Shelter is a no kill shelter. We are a nonprofit organization that operates only by donations. We do not receive any city, county or state funding. We depend on

########
Rank: 26
Score: 46.911396
Retrieved Text: Hannah Shaw (Kitten Lady), Elizabeth Putsche (Photographers for Animals), and Marlin!
I am thrilled to make the big announcement that Kitten Lady has joined with Photographers for Animals to become an official nonprofit project! Photographers for Animals' mission is to inspire positive change on behalf of animals, to support those helping animals, and to document animals and the efforts being made on their behalf. Kitten Lady fits right into the mission as my core goal has always been to inspire positive change for kittens through documentation of my life as a kitten rescuer. It's an honor to be part of the PFA family!
This also means that donations made to Kitten Lady are now 100% tax-deductible as allowed by law. Kittens need an advocate -- and I can't do it alone. As I build Kitten Lady's resources and advocacy tools, it is only through generous donations that I can make a widespread impact. Please consider joining me and becoming a fellow neonatal kitten warrior!
I have always been a huge fan of Photographers for Animals and hope you will be, too. Check out their other initiatives, like Picture Me @ Home, which teaches animal shelters and rescues how to successfully market animals for adoption through adorable photography.
Many thanks to Elizabeth Putsche for all the work she has done on behalf of animals, and for inviting Kitten Lady to be a part of her organization. Together, we will change the world for kittens!
P.S. Don't forget to keep up with Kitten Lady on Instagram, Facebook, and YouTube -- and tell all

########
Rank: 27
Score: 46.78827
Retrieved Text: Scottish Fold cats – also known as Coupari, Longhair Fold, and Highland Fold cats – are best known for their distinctive folded ears, which bend forward toward the head. This is technically a mutation that gives the cat an owl-like look. When Scottish Fold cats are bred with straight-eared breeds, there is a fifty percent chance the litter will have folded ears. This breed’s laid-back nature and mellow disposition make it a favorite among cat lovers. Thinking of buying a Scottish Fold and wondering about the expense? The cost to purchase a Scottish Fold kitten depends on the specific breeder, and a few other factors.
Because Scottish Fold kittens have a variety of shapes, colors, and sizes, prices will differ depending on what kind of kitten you choose. Scottish Folds are quite rare, so you can expect to pay anywhere from $250 to as much as $1500. Many kittens can be found in the $250-$500 range. For a show quality kitten, expect to pay in excess of $1500.
Shipping fees: If you’re purchasing a kitten out of state, you’ll need to factor in the cost of having the animal shipped to you. Many breeders use American airlines and Delta to ship their kittens. Shipping costs can run anywhere from $175 to $350.
Supplies: At a minimum, you’ll need food, bowls, litter, toys, and crates. Fortunately, most of these items can be found cheap, but you’ll still need to figure in the extra money.
Veterinary costs: You’ll need to think about the cost for your kitten’s first veterinary visit, which should

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.766804
Retrieved Text: We are days away from the end of our kitten fostering adventure. Two months ago I picked up three kittens from the Denver Dumb Friends League. Of our original three we have one left, and ended up fostering one additional litter mate when his sister died in the shelter. Five kittens were born together, and this week two kittens will go back to the shelter to find their forever homes. The experience has been humbling, sad, and full of love and joy. These fragile creatures are so tiny, yet so big in our hearts. Reflecting back on the experience, we have learned so much.
Stray kittens have a rough start at life. In the family of five kittens three died. One of the living had a bacterial infection and the other had a parasite and both diseases threatened their lifes. I learned how to give IV fluids, antibiotics, immunizations, and anti-parasitic medicines. If my job goes south I have many qualifications of a vet tech now.
Even with all my dedication, hard work, care, and the wonders of modern medicine accidents still happen and kittens still die. There is a very, very good reason that they stress keeping your toilet seats down when fostering kittens. Of all the life lessons I hoped our family would learn from this, I never hoped to learn that one. Life is fragile. Never doubt it.
When you tell your daughter that the kitten drowning is “family business” she will still tell her friends, who will tell their friends, who will tell their parents,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.716797
Retrieved Text: A coyote brought in to the Palm Valley Animal Center in Edinburg is seen caged on May 15, 2018.
Running an animal shelter presents unending challenges, especially in a community that doesn’t treat spaying and neutering as an essential requirement of pet ownership.
Kitten Season poses one of the greatest of these challenges. Cats, and especially kittens, have always been the most vulnerable animals coming in to any shelter, and this spring’s intake has broken all records. Just in the first three weeks of May, Palm Valley Animal Center (PVAC), in Edinburg, has taken in more than 1,000 felines.
With adoption centers at both PVAC and The Laurie P. Andrews PAWS Center bursting at the seams, there is a dire need for more foster homes for litters and young orphaned kittens that need to grow. Last week, I joined a group of volunteers photographing the cats and kittens in the intake rooms to help get their faces out to rescue groups. I witnessed this tsunami first hand. The rooms were already full, and by day’s end, 70 more had arrived. And that was just on Tuesday.
While PAWS has always been a no-kill shelter, its intake entity PVAC, the only open intake facility in Hidalgo County, is making great strides toward a greater live-release rate. On Tuesday, the shelter’s board of directors voted to pursue PVAC becoming a no-kill shelter as well.
Keely Lewis is a board member of the Palm Valley Animal Center/The Laurie P. Andrews PAWS Center.
A cat looks out from a cage at the Palm Valley Animal Center

================



======= Instance Index 6946 =========
Input Text: Context: Aubrey was having problems with their homework. Casey asked Aubrey to accept their help on Aubrey's homework, and Aubrey accepted.

Question: How would Aubrey feel as a result?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: concerned about Aubrey

B: grateful

C: envious

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 74.08876
Retrieved Text: A Georgia teen who vanished from his high school two years ago has been found safe and he wants his loved ones to know he was just out having a good time.
Aubrey Carroll was last seen leaving Spalding High School in May 2016 and his subsequent absence had reportedly caused his family a great deal of anguish.
But this week, Aubrey reappeared with a message for those who worried about him all this time.
"Hey, my name is Aubrey Carroll. It’s nice to see y’all," Aubrey says in a video that was posted on the Spalding County Sheriff’s Facebook page Tuesday.
As part of their long-running investigation into his disappearance, investigators say they learned Aubrey, now 17, traveled extensively with a group of people who live solely on cash made through bartering.
“They basically looked like a group of people from the Woodstock era in their clothing and life style,” Sheriff Darrell Dix said.
They also learned that Aubrey was using an assumed name and that he had a Facebook page under that name.
"We also found out that over the time since Aubrey left he had no less than five personal contacts with law enforcement agencies ranging from Alabama to Arizona under his assumed identity," the Spalding County Sheriff's Office said in a statement.
Once they knew Aubrey was alive and well, investigators reached out to his family. To prevent him from going back into hiding, authorities and Aubrey's family decided to wait until he had another interaction with police before trying to arrange a reunion.
However, someone in Aubrey's family tipped him

########
Rank: 1
Score: 68.441185
Retrieved Text: Aubrey Haskins is the main villainess from "I, Witness", episode 7.13 of Castle.
She was portrayed by Audrey Marie Anderson.
Aubrey Haskins is a lawyer representing Cole Whitfield's company, and as revealed later on, she was a sorority sister of Cole's first wife, Mallory, who tragically died. Aubrey told friends that Cole got away with murder, and she joined Cole's company and plotted revenge on him.
After hearing Cole's second wife, Eva, vent about their marriage, Aubrey contacted her and (along with Robert James) cooked up a plan to ruin Cole. The plan included staging Eva's murder and making it appear that Cole (actually played by Robert) had killed her, which would send Cole to jail and leave his fortune to Eva. The plan was successful, as Castle witnesses the "murder," and Cole is the prime suspect. Aubrey appeared to come to the defense of Cole's mistress, Taylor McKinley, after she faces accusations of conspiracy in Eva's murder.
Eva, however, got cold feet after her role and had planned on coming clean, which led to Aubrey killing Eva in the latter's studio apartment, doing so to keep her quiet. After killing Eva, the evil Aubrey killed Cole at his home, and placed his body hanging from the ceiling to make it look like a suicide. Aubrey's villainous roles were revealed when Castle and Beckett confronted her, as it was revealed that Eva's DNA was found in the trunk of her car. Aubrey was arrested for murdering the Whitfields.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 67.35244
Retrieved Text: This month has sure been busy. Aubrey's birthday, Gigi was here, park days, doctor appointments, swimming and now this week moving.
I am so thrilled to be moving into a bigger place. Tuesday cannot get here fast enough for Conrad or myself. I am so done with packing. I cannot wait to have a living room AND a family room. Aubrey is looking forward to more room to run around. Little Allyson will have her own room when she makes her appearance in November. I cannot wait to start on that either :) Conrad is looking forward to a larger garage. A backyard. A real one. Not a patch of grass and a slab of concrete like we have now. There is a covered patio. Grass. Oh we are just too excited. Conrad said today that he doesn't think that he has ever been excited to move.
We are bring some stuff to the house on Tuesday and by July 1st we will officially be moved it. Can't wait!!!
I am truly blessed to have such an awesome husband and an amazing dad to Aubrey. He is just wonderful with Aubrey. I cannot wait to see how he handles two precious children.
Amma, Gigi, Candice, Katiya, Aubrey and I all went to Micke's Grove today for a picnic and a fun day at the zoo. It was a HOT day out today, I'm so thankful for the nice breeze and the shade of the park.
I can't believe that my little baby girl is THREE YEARS old!!
It was kinda weird to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 66.18185
Retrieved Text: Press announcement: Aubrey will perform pieces from the Dragon Age 2 soundtrack for it's world premier at the Play! Concert, June 21st & 22nd at Benaroya Hall in Seattle, Washington. Read more.
Interview with CAFÉ COM GAMES Podcast on the topic of Dragon Age: Origins. Listen to the podcast.
DRAGON AGE: ORIGINS nominated for several Game Audio Network Guild Awards including Music of the Year, Best Soundtrack Album and Best Original Vocal – Pop including "Lelianna's Song" & "I Am The One". Winners will be announced at the 8th Annual G.A.N.G. Awards show during the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco, Friday, March 12th.
DRAGON AGE: ORIGINS is nominated for Best Audio at the 10th Annual Game Developers Choice Awards. Winners will be announced during the 2010 Game Developers Conference on Thursday, March 11, 2010 at the Moscone Convention Center in San Francisco.
Aubrey performed at "A Night in Fantasia 2009". Aubrey's live world premiere in front of Eminence Symphony Orchestra, features her stirring thematic collaborations with world-renowned composer, Inon Zur for the game Dragon Age: Origins!
Aubrey and Capcom together, are nominated for the 2009 GANG award for Best Original Vocal-Pop for the song "Out Of Darkness". The winners will be announced at this year's Game Developers Conference. Stay tuned!
Listen to Aubrey's vocals and lyrics on the title track "Out of Darkness", from the recent release of DEVIL MAY CRY 4, the game! Aubrey was honored to attend the Japanese premier in Tokyo, as she's seen in this photo next to composer Tetsuya Shibata! Watch the YouTube video.
Aubrey emulates Judy

########
Rank: 4
Score: 66.08446
Retrieved Text: The Squarespace Aubrey template's beautiful landing pages with full-width background images allow us to highlight stunning imagery to catch your site visitor's eye. Aubrey's info page is a landing page that makes the perfect home page. The Aubrey allows 10twelve to create background images for your website, which can be unique from the initial landing page image. Keeping on trend with the rest of the template, the Aubrey also allows the use of full-width blog images. This spices up compelling content with a large, bold image to support it. Let's get started!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 65.59708
Retrieved Text: Five years ago, Aubrey Hamilton's husband disappeared without a trace. They were at a hotel for his friend's pre-wedding events. While she checked them in, he walked to the bachelor's party and vanished. For five years, Aubrey's been the subject of scrutiny and scorn.
Her mother-in-law pushes to have Josh declared dead at five years. It's right after getting the official court papers that Aubrey spies a man who doesn't look anything like her husband, but the man's mannerisms certainly match Josh's. It's not long before she's falling for this mysterious stranger. There are so many unanswered questions, and Aubrey's determined to get to the bottom of Josh's disappearance and gain the freedom to move on.
No One Knows bounces from Aubrey's point of view to her mother-in-law's to Josh's. The changes are clearly noted and give a complex picture into the lives each party led before Josh's disappearance. As the novel progresses, readers start to see the detailed picture involving Josh, often knowing clues before Aubrey.
This is a suspense along the lines of so many other suspense novels as of late that offer so many twists and turns that you cannot possibly predict the end. I couldn't put this book down. I was hooked. Then I hit the ending. I don't want to give out spoilers, but the ending left me feeling a little disappointed. Had I offered a rating based on the first half of the book, I would have easily said five stars. By the time I reached the ending, I had to drop it

########
Rank: 6
Score: 64.90445
Retrieved Text: Fall 2006 alumna, Hanna Koch recently launched a new business venture called Philanshopit, an online storefront committed to selling products from partners who “have a clear social impact statement in their mission.” This socially responsible idea was initially thought up by Hanna's co-founder, Aubrey Cox, during their time at College of Charleston. After graduation, Aubrey pursued a career in international development, knowing that one day she would eventually bring the idea of Philanshopit to life. Aubrey shared her vision with Hanna a few months ago and it took off from there. With Hanna's background in communications and Aubrey's in business, it was a perfect match.
The two joined forces to create a business plan and bring to fruition what is now Philanshopit. The site launched only 3 months later in November and they have new sustainable and philanthropic partners joining Philanshopit everyday. Hanna attributes The Island School to helping cultivate her interest in environmental issues and international development that led to this project. You can read more about their story here. If you are looking to knock some friends or family off your Christmas shopping list, Philanshopit is a great place to start.
Congratulations, Hanna on the launch and good luck in the future!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 64.860016
Retrieved Text: Today brings news that the Criminal Justice Agency (CJA) has selected Aubrey Fox to be their new executive director. CJA has a long, rich tradition of reducing the unnecessary use of pretrial detention in New York City. I have written in the past about the special debt that I feel to the agency so I won't rehash that here. What I'm not sure I've written about before is the debt that I feel to Aubrey.
Aubrey worked at the Center for Court Innovation for many years and in many capacities. Among other things, he helped to plan and launch Bronx Community Solutions and the Centre for Justice Innovation, our UK-based sister agency. As with all of the best people that I have worked with over the years, it is difficult to distill Aubrey's impact down to items on a resume. In particular, his intellectual curiosity, his sense of adventure, and his capacity for mirth had a big influence on the trajectory of the Center. Certainly they had a big influence on me.
I can't count the number of essays, op-eds, grant proposals, reports and other written products that I have co-authored with Aubrey. This includes working together on Trial & Error in Criminal Justice Reform: Learning from Failure, a book about how difficult it is to make change happen in the real world. Collaboration can be hard work -- it is not easy to produce joint written product. But working with Aubrey was a day at the beach -- he always brought humor and insight and flexibility and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 63.047626
Retrieved Text: This page provides guidance for anyone who is thinking about moving to Aubrey and wants to make an objective assessment of what living in Aubrey in 2019 is like. Aubrey livability factors are presented along with descriptions, pictures and maps of moderately priced Aubrey homes that currently are for sale. At the bottom of this page are links to authoritative sources that provide additional general information about living in Aubrey.
Click this best places to live in Dallas link for complete rankings, metrics and analysis methodology.
Aubrey has experienced the fifteenth fastest population growth rate in the Dallas Fort Worth area over the past five years. It also has the sixth lowest overall crime rate of all Dallas suburbs. Some of the ways Aubrey is different from and similar to other Dallas area cities and towns are shown on these best Dallas suburbs and about Dallas suburbs pages.
Aubrey is located in northeast Denton County, approximately 49 miles north of downtown Dallas and 53 miles northeast of downtown Fort Worth. As the DFW metroplex continues to grow and becomes more densely populated, Aubrey's proximity to the Legacy and north Dallas business centers and DFW International Airport is likely to make Aubrey residential real estate even more desirable than it is now for people who need to commute frequently to and from these areas.
School age children who reside in Aubrey are eligible to either Denton ISD or Aubrey ISD schools ... more information about how student performance at the schools attended by Aubrey students compares with other DFW area schools

########
Rank: 9
Score: 62.020405
Retrieved Text: If you like Dracula or other classic vampire stories, you have to read this. It's the original vampire, and it is creepy and atmospheric. A must-read for fans of classic horror.
I was very fortunate to stumble upon this book due to Amazon's recommendations. Although, a short read, the novel does not leave you without an anticipatory hunger for what is to happen next.
The foundation runs along the same lines as Dracula, with the lurid and ominously surreptitious vampire, whom reveals his true self to only one person; which in turn drives this person into madness.
The conclusion left me with the chills. I enjoyed it very much!
It is a classic. It is in the style of the XIX century literature, very well written and not so long so you can read it almost in one stand and enjoy it a lot.
I probably should have checked this item out more carefully.
I expected a book, for the price, but instead received a pamphlet.
Not only was it embarassingly small, but 1/2 of it was redundant explanations of the history and origins of the story.
A young man Aubrey is coming of age and tags along with Lord Ruthven, his friend and mentor, across Europe. Aubrey is enamored with Lord Ruthven sophisticated ways until his guardians point out that Lord Ruthven is depraved. Now he sees Ruthven in a new light an disides to strike out on his own.
While in Greece he is informed of vampires. Not really believing in them he realizes that their description matches Lord Ruthven.
He is in for

########
Rank: 10
Score: 61.928703
Retrieved Text: Aubrey captures the integrity of real moments. She loves to seclude her subject as the focal point of all ordinary moments. She listens and watches as her subjects maneuver through their every day lives, or surreal moments like the birth of a child, capturing the emotions in it all.
Aubrey lives just north of Tampa. She moved there 13 years ago from Alaska to marry her Husband. After many years of infertility, they made an incredible little lady through In Vitro Fertilization and a host of amazing doctors. This little girl lights up their world and is the inspiration of Aubrey's photography and writing. Aubrey has ran a Massage Therapy business for the last 11 years where she is certified in many modalities including Prenatal Massage. This was the start of her love of birth photography. In her spare time, she is spending time with her family, camping, hiking, traveling and CrossFit.
Nicole and her husband pulled up to the birth center that early morning around 7AM. I knew I had to start capturing moments right away. I watched as Nicole reached over and held the steering wheel with her left hand during surges and the door handle with her right. Her belly was hard but her face was soft and relaxed as the waves or labor came and went. The Midwife had not yet arrived, so she labored diligently in her car. When Mom's voice changed to a deeper more soulful groan, I knew it was time to stop taking pictures and switch to video. I'm so

########
Rank: 11
Score: 61.785416
Retrieved Text: Upstairs at Midtown is in the heart of Downtown Charleston, South Carolina and is the perfect venue for intimate weddings. The mix of exposed bricks, restored wood and natural light offered Aubrey + Wade a beautiful backdrop just above King Street. The couple, who met thanks to Aubrey's astute aunt, kept the guest list small inviting only their nearest and dearest. Aubrey glowed in a fitted, lace Stella York gown as she walked down the aisle carrying a bouquet of roses. The couple exchanged vows in front of a 250 year old fireplace (how cool!) and then joined Shannon of Riverland Studios for a stroll by Rainbow Row. At the reception, guests enjoyed the pretty September weather beneath the string lights as they dined on tasty bites from Maybank Catering. Before the evening came to a close, guests received an RC Cola and Moon Pie - the ultimate Southern favor! As the couple waved goodbye, they hopped into a vintage blue and white Chevy truck and rode off into newlywed-ed bliss!
Having your wedding in Charleston, SC? Check out our favorite vendors and venues?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 61.673504
Retrieved Text: HOW MUCH DO WE LOVE AUBREY HYDE'S GORGEOUS HAND-DYED, ONE OF A KIND WORK?
Enough to convince her to create some one of a kind creations just for us. Plus, the only thing better than one of a kind jewelry is having an equally unique bag to travel, pack and store your accessories in.
Aubrey hand dyes all of her textiles in her studio in East Nashville on 100% organic cotton duck.
Each pattern is unique and is created without the use of silkscreens or digital printers.
Combined with a 100% buttery-soft suede, these fully lined bags are one of a kind in every way.
Each zipper pouch has been adorned with a unique crystal rhinestone piece and suede tassel.
The rhinestone pieces originated from a necklace c.1940s. Judy Garland, anyone?
Be sure to check out more of Aubrey's beautiful home textiles and accessories on her website.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 61.53214
Retrieved Text: Aubrey is that versatile maxi dress every woman needs in her closet. The faux wrap at the waist gives the dress definition while three-quarter inch dolman sleeves add subtle flair. For a touch of sexiness, a sheer floral print is layered over a short skirt. Dress Aubrey up with a pair of heels to go out at night, or dress her down with a pair of sandals for a casual weekend lunch. Aubrey's versatility also makes it an easy and stylish vacation dress.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 61.438324
Retrieved Text: This week’s Money Master is Aubrey Queen of HalfPennyBlog. We’re excited to feature Aubrey. This is a Money Master that has been a long time in the making. We connected a long time ago and Aubrey agreed to be a Money Master. Then life happened and for a spell Aubrey considered cancelling her blog. Thankfully, Aubrey has decided to not do so.
Aubrey writes very personally. We learn a little bit more about her with each posts. As avid personal finance blog readers ourselves, we’re particularly fond of Aubrey’s list of favorite reads. Luckily, the Debt Free Guys™ make the cut.
Aubrey, also, has a unique 52 week challenge to help her readers save money. In a crafty way, it will help them save $1,378 in a year. That’s as much as one month’s rent in Denver or a modest mortgage payment. If started in the first week of January, Aubrey’s readers will reach their goal at an optimal time to pay for Christmas shopping.
Learn more about Aubrey below.
I grew up with and without money. It’s hard to explain in detail, but we either had more than enough money to do all those fun and costly extras, or we were completely broke and trying to pay the bills month to month. While there was always talk about saving money, it was never made a priority. When I originally started working, I got caught in the same trap of spending almost everything I had earned every paycheck. If I wanted it, and I had the money, I could obviously

########
Rank: 15
Score: 60.99714
Retrieved Text: Edelyn Aubrey - a female celebrity - born on Saturday January 7th 1978, in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada,.
Edelyn Aubrey holds great compassion and seeks to be of service to others. She is a healer, and capable of giving comfort to those in need - she will frequently offer a shoulder for others to cry on. But actually, Edelyn's mission in life is to develop the tools that allow her to be truly helpful to others rather than just a sympathetic ear. Edelyn Aubrey must find the balance between help and interference, and the delicate art of the counselor who knows when to leave the struggle to others and when to avoid taking away the necessary experiences and lessons of life.
It is in Aubrey's nature to take on responsibility, to fill the void left by others, and to not turn away from personal sacrifice, albeit at times, she may feel overburdened by the travails of others. However, the love others bestow upon her is her well deserved reward.
Edelyn seeks marriage and is often a wonderful parent, offering warmth, protection, and understanding to children. However, she must be careful not to choose partners for the wrong reasons, and to not let sentimentality influence her decision, especially those involving the choice of a spouse. Edelyn Aubrey needs to be needed, but must learn to discriminate between those she can help and others who are made weaker by her care. After all, it is in Edelyn's nature to be attracted to the weaker brothers and sisters among us. The temptation

########
Rank: 16
Score: 60.820354
Retrieved Text: "The Fight in the Fixer" is episode fifteen of season eleven of Bones, the forensic drama television series loosely based on the novels and life of anthropologist Kathy Reichs. In this episode, the body of a fixer used by Aubrey's father is found.
Brennan and Booth are in the diner looking at Christine's first report card. Brennan says that Christine got an E+ which Brennan is pleased with. Booth needs clarification, as that sounds bad - as in above an F. Apparently 'E' means 'Exemplary' - it's confusing when grading systems are changed. Christine has also got an E+ in physical education, something that Brennan was never any good at; Booth says Christine takes after him. He wants to know how Christine did in spelling, as he was so terrible he couldn't even spell the word spelling. Brennan thinks that's sad, but Booth was joking. Christine has got perfect grades across the board. Brennan then gets a message that a body has been brought into the lab after being found in the Potomac. Booth says that means local PD moved the victim from the crime scene, and he knows how much she hates that. Brennan is not going to allow that to get in the way of her excellent mood.
The victim is in a large block of ice, and was found by a couple of frat boys doing a polar bear plunge. Angela says that a facial reconstruction is going to be hard, given that the victim lacks his mandible. Cam spots that Angela is wearing a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 60.14239
Retrieved Text: I guess this is still going to run it's course, with Dawn Richards recently laying into member Aubrey O'Day during a recent radio interview.
"Honestly, real talk, she cool, I don't like it when people go in like that and try to pit us against each other" said Richards "Me and her [Aubrey] used to be mad cool, real talk, but this is the reality, I think we're all different personalities and you have to be a certain type of person to wanna deal with that, because if you like drama then that's your person you hang with, but I don't like drama so we didn't click long enough to hang."
Dawn then continued her rant, stating that she felt Aubrey lost the group money by cancelling shows.
"My thing is I like to be part of a business, if you're a part of a brand [then] I like to keep the brand good, ya feel me? I felt like I had other mouths to feed so I would never mess up Shannon's mouth, Aubrey's mouth, D Wood's mouth, and when you start messin' up my money and my home then I have a problem, that was my issue with Aubrey."
"It had nothing to do with her personality, who she is, she's a talented girl, but when you're missin' shows and fans are paying for you and you're the star of the group, I knew it and I was cool with it I was riding the ticket you know, but when you're the star and you don't show up

########
Rank: 18
Score: 59.528286
Retrieved Text: Capt. Paco Balderrama says police are still investigating the crash, but added that he was traveling at a "high rate of speed," well over the posted speed limit.
"It is with deep sadness that AELP confirms that earlier today, its founder, Aubrey K. McClendon died in a car accident on Midwest Boulevard in Oklahoma City. Aubrey's tremendous leadership, vision, and passion for the energy industry had an impact on the community, the country, and the world. We are tremendously proud of his legacy and will continue to work hard to live up to the unmatched standards he set for excellence and integrity. We will deeply mourn his loss and please join us in expressing our condolences to his family," a statement from American Energy Partners read.
"Chesapeake is deeply saddened by the news that we have heard today and our thoughts and prayers are with the McClendon family during this difficult time," a statement from Chesapeake Energy read.
"I've known Aubrey McClendon for nearly 25 years. He was a major player in leading the stunning energy renaissance in America. He was charismatic and a true American entrepreneur. No individual is without flaws, but his impact on American energy will be long-lasting," a statement from T. Boone Pickens read.
"First and foremost, our thoughts and prayers are with Aubrey's family. We will always appreciate and remember Aubrey's generosity and civic pride in our community- from his support of countless local charities to the Oklahoma City Thunder to the Boy's and Girl's Club of OKC. to the arts. His philanthropic investments in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 59.375324
Retrieved Text: PLAYING Exes At Odds: Is Their 4-Year-Old Identifying As A Boy Or Girl?
Exes At Odds: Is Their 4-Year-Old Identifying As A Boy Or Girl?
Michelle and Kyle’s baby, Aubrey, was born intersex, with ambiguous genitalia and chromosomes indicating that she was 70 percent more male than female. But in consultation with Aubrey’s doctors, Michelle and Kyle decided on surgery to have Aubrey be female, the birth certificate indicates that Aubrey is a female, and for the first three years of Aubrey’s life, her parents raised her as a girl.
Now divorced and with shared custody of Aubrey, who’s 4, the exes are at odds over which gender Aubrey identifies with and how they should raise her.
But Kyle says Aubrey prefers girl toys, girl clothes, and her pink Hello Kitty bedding. “When Aubrey is with me, Aubrey likes to act like a girl,” he says. “Michelle needs to take a look at that birth certificate and see that Aubrey is female. She shouldn’t be trying to change that,” says Kyle, who is remarried to a woman named Brittany, who wrote in to Dr. Phil for help.
How can this child thrive when the parents, Dr. Phil believes, are each running their own agenda? Watch more here.
Mama's Little Boy or Daddy's Little Girl: Identity Confusion or Brainwashing?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 59.280888
Retrieved Text: From my window seat on Bainbridge Island, I peer out to the Puget Sound, and I feel settled. I was wary about moving back to the US, and although I've lived in this country for over 30 years of my life, I left before marriage and children. And the time before marriage and motherhood are the equivalent to a past life I lived.
As the Creator of opportunities for Hushamok it's been challenging networking and marketing the company from our previous beautiful yet isolated location in New Zealand. So while I'm returning to the familiar in the US, it also feels like a rebirth, a new awakening for Hushamok.
And that's why is gives me such great joy to finally connect with local bloggers, food gurus, extraordinary moms and those people that are just too interesting to pass by.
For the past few months, we've been connecting and collaborating with guest contributors for Hushamok, and it's been a pretty cool experience. I'm excited to share those interactions as Hushamok grows in the community. Our latest partnership is with Aubrey, a photographer, and a new mother. Aubrey got her sweet sister-in-law, Jessica, and her baby Pearl along for some fun at a recent Hushamok photoshoot. We love these pics, hope you enjoy them too.
Jessica and her beautiful Pearl.
Baby Pearl enjoying her time in the Hushamok Okoa Hammock.
Some quiet time for Mama.
Baby Pearl going for a sleep in her Hushamok Okoa.
A big thank you to Jessica, Pearl, and photographer Aubrey for their playful energy and smiles. To see more of Aubrey's

########
Rank: 21
Score: 59.24795
Retrieved Text: I'm stumped!!! I don't know how to proceed!!!!
Then perhaps we may not be able to proceed. Do you think we should do a part 2?
The Council walked into the dimly lit room and sat at the round table. Maria, Sam, Darius, Kari, Aubrey, and Tom sat in their designated seats. There were lots of shadows but the Council wasn't worried because of their powers. Confident and powerful, not good people to have as enemies. The meeting began with a review of the past months developments. How close they were to taking down Dr. Marcel, the progress made while training the younger members, updates on the guns an amunition, and all that other nonsense. They consulted on the food supply then on their run in with the Counter Attack. The Counter Attack was a group of serum induced goons designed to hunt down any rouges experriments, such as my self and the Council.
"Any progress with tracking down the *Impossibles?" Tom asked.
"We've been able to identify a few more and are setting a watch on them." Aubrey replied.
"The Twins and Phantom." Maria answered.
"Any idea what the Twins powers are?" Kari questioned.
"We believe the older one is able to control fire and water and one other element and the younger one is some sort of super genius and flyer." Sam clarified.
"And the Phantom?" Kari again.
"Still unclear, though there was another situation north of here." Maria said.
"He's getter closer." Aubrey said in a contemplative tone.
"We should seek him out. The Phantom has been in nearly every place we've been targeting

########
Rank: 22
Score: 58.963966
Retrieved Text: Aubrey, TX Animal Removal and Wildlife Control experts provide solutions to all types of Nuisance wildlife problems of Aubrey. We are a complete Wildlife Control company specializing in residential and commercial wildlife control services including all aspects of wildlife management, animal control, animal removal, and repairs to structures caused by Aubrey’s wildlife.
Common nuisance wildlife pests of Aubrey include Squirrels, Raccoons, Skunks, Bees, Opossums, Birds, Rodents including rats and mice, deer, geese chipmunks, groundhogs, snakes and many other nuisance wild animals found throughout Denton County Texas. Wildlife animal removal is a FULL SERVICE wildlife removal company that can solve wildlife nuisance conflicts of Aubrey, Texas.
Denton County, Aubrey, Bartonville, Carrollton, Celina, Coppell, Copper Canyon, Corinth, Corral City, Aubrey, Dallas, Aubrey, Dish, Double Oak, Aubrey, Fort Worth, Frisco, Grapevine, Hackberry, Haslet, Hebron, Hickory Creek, Aubrey, Justin, Krugerville, Aubrey, Lake Dallas, Lakewood Village, Lantana, Lewisville, Lincoln Park, Little Elm, Aubrey, Oak Point, Pilot Point, Plano, Ponder, Prosper, Providence Village Town, Roanoke, Sanger, Shady Shores, Southlake The Colony, Trophy Club, and Westlake.
Aubrey Snake Removal experts specialize in removing venomous and nonvenomous snakes found in Aubrey, TX. Snake Control is a specialty service provided by Wildlife Removal companies typical pest control companies are not prepared to handle snakes in an efficient way. Some snake jobs require the physical removal of the actual snake, while others snake removal jobs will be the exclusion or sealing of a home to prevent reentry by snakes such as black rat snakes, copperheads, rattlesnakes and other types of snakes that are known to coexist around homes and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 58.934216
Retrieved Text: I have had the last 2 days off and I think I have enjoyed them so much. Aubrey is just such a little girl...not even a baby anymore.When did she grow up? Where did my little crawling girl go? My little wobbly walker. My little girl. I can't believe it. She is talking in "sentences" When did this happen? We went to a MOPS meeting today and I told her we were going to church. She said Aubo go to church. (that's what she calls herself) On our drive to church we pass 2 billboards, one of a $5 subway , and the other of a watch - She knows what order we see these and associates them with going to church. We have barely pulled out of the driveway and she says "Aubo's 5 (that's what we call the Subway sign) Aubo's watch" She just amazes more and more everyday! She is a little talker. She will just sit and play and just talk away! Today we walked to get the mail and I sneezed and she said "bless you mommy" in her little voice.
One more week left @ work. I have finally decided not to say that I will be unemployed but I will become a full time mom. A stay a home mom until I find something that will work out for my family's situation. Conrad started full time this week at Carmax YAY!! God has really watched out for us and I know the He will continue to provide for us. God

########
Rank: 24
Score: 58.731277
Retrieved Text: I received an ARC from William Morrow Paperbacks via Edelweiss in exchange for an honest review. Thank you!
I don't even know how to begin describing this book. The first few pages gave me a fairly good idea that I was in for an extremely interesting and dark story. In fact, it was so powerful that it's what kept me glued to the pages because I wanted needed to know how Aubrey got to that point.
This is a story of relationships both past and present and how they define Aubrey as a person. It weaves back and forth between past and present to tell the story and explain the complex relationship she had with Rachel. I knew that something big happened that would explain the broken friendship and Aubrey's obnoxious behaviour but I didn't know what. Each chapter brought me a little closer to answers and kept me turning the pages.
Before I say anything else I do need to make one thing clear. The characters are not very likeable in this book. At times they are down right discusting and hard to take. Normally this would turn me off a book but in this case I think it made the story stronger. In life when terrible things happen to us, our behaviour is not always acceptable or pleasant and this was the case with Aubrey. She was not an overly nice person, did terrible things and was cold and distant. Her behaviour actually made me want to read more because I knew that there had to be

########
Rank: 25
Score: 58.644485
Retrieved Text: December 10, 2008, 2:28 p.m.
How do you remove your eye makeup at night? While some environmentalists swear by olive oil -- or even the soap-and-water-only method -- many eco-beauty mavens want a less crunchy solution. So I put two greener eye makeup removers -- both of which got a "low hazard" score of 2 on the Skin Deep cosmetic safety database -- to the test.
First up: Aubrey Organics Herbessence Makeup Remover. While Aubrey's a very health and environmentally counscious company, I unfortunately find that many of Aubrey's products don't work for me. This makeup remover was no exception, because it felt exactly like rubbing pure oil on my eyelids — which made me think I may as well use olive oil and save myself some money.
My second choice -- Earth Science Eye Make-Up Remover -- fared a lot better. This fragrance-free, paraben-free product is a clear gel that’s non-greasy and does its job quite well.
I’m fairly happy with Earth Science, but it seems there are quite a few eye makeup removers on the market that score a 0 ranking on Skin Deep, making them even safer than my current product! I’m now curious about trying those, though I’d rather not run into another bad Aubrey-like experience.
Got an eco eye makeup remover to recommend? Share your reviews in the comments!
Two greener eye makeup removers are put to the test.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 58.55709
Retrieved Text: The Summer of Broken Stories is the latest novel from writer James Wilson and I was lucky enough to be given a copy to read and review from Alma books.
England 1950s. While out playing in the woods ten year old Mark meets a man living in an old railway carriage. Despite his wild appearance, the stranger who introduces himself as Aubrey Hillyard is captivating - an irreverent outsider who is shunned by Mark's fellow villagers and a writer to boot. Aubrey encourages Mark to tell stories about his own make believe world, an in return he informs the boy about a novel he is writing - a work of ominous science fiction.
As the meddling villagers plot to drive Aubrey out, Mark finds himself caught between two worlds - yet convinced that he must help Aubrey prevail at any cost.
I'll start off by saying this book is not quite what I imagined it would would be. When reading the blurb I expected a bit of drama to unfold but this story is almost magical.
Mark is a 10 year old boy, he's growing up but still at a stage in life where he sees the innocence in things so when he happens upon Aubrey Hillyard when his dog Barney runs off, he is more than willing to step into the railway carriage in which he is residing and befriend him.
Everything starts off innocently enough, Mark warms to Aubrey as they both like to make up stories, Aubrey the writer talks about his storyline revolving around 'the brain' whilst

########
Rank: 27
Score: 58.223072
Retrieved Text: To claim this profile, please confirm you are Aubrey Nill.
To follow this profile, please let us know your relationship to Aubrey Nill.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the win vs. Cedar Creek Christian.
RESULTWin Varsity softball vs. CCCHS.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team won Tuesday's home non-conference game against Cedar Creek Christian (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 17-4.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the loss @ Bolles.
RESULTLoss Varsity softball @ Bolles.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team lost Thursday's away non-conference game against Bolles (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 13-3.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the win vs. First Coast Christian.
RESULTWin Varsity softball vs. FCCHS.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team won Tuesday's home non-conference game against First Coast Christian (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 20-3.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the win vs. Seacoast Christian Academy.
RESULTWin Varsity softball vs. SCA.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team won Monday's home conference game against Seacoast Christian Academy (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 16-1.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the win @ St. Joseph Academy.
RESULTWin Varsity softball @ St. Joseph Academy.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team won Thursday's away non-conference game against St. Joseph Academy (St. Augustine, FL) by a score of 19-4.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the loss vs. Duval Charter.
RESULTLoss Varsity softball vs. Duval Charter.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team lost Thursday's home non-conference game against Duval Charter (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 11-1.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the loss

########
Rank: 28
Score: 57.706707
Retrieved Text: NPR's Allison Aubrey has more.
ALLISON AUBREY: So what did you have for breakfast here this morning?
M: Coffee and a scone.
M: Coffee and a croissant.
AUBREY: Oh, that's a good breakfast.
AUBREY: What is it, actually?
M: It's like bacon, egg and cheese in like, a bread roll.
AUBREY: With a few layers of sausage thrown in, too.
M: Yeah, it's probably going to cut a couple years off my life. But I mean, it's really good, so I'm enjoying myself right now. You should get one, actually.
AUBREY: Beegah says he usually does not eat this way. At home, he wouldn't think of loading up on triple portions of fatty foods for breakfast. But traveling, being on the go - it turns out Beegah's brain is processing food differently than if he were having a quiet meal in his own kitchen. The sensory overload can really throw off judgment, or inure us to the sensation of feeling full. Scientists are just beginning to understand how this disruption works.
LUDDEN: I think there are lots of factors that come together to ultimately influence how much we eat.
AUBREY: Higgs recently measured the differences between people who ate their lunch mindfully - paying attention to each bite of food - compared to people who watched TV or worked on their computers while eating.
LUDDEN: When people are distracted from their lunch, we find that given the opportunity later in the day to consume cookies, they actually eat more cookies than if they weren't distracted when they ate their lunch.
M: We also, though, found an intriguing link between

########
Rank: 29
Score: 57.6962
Retrieved Text: A Medicine That Blunts Opioids Can Help Problem Drinkers, Too : Shots - Health News Naltrexone was approved to treat alcohol disorders more than 20 years ago. But many doctors still don't know that when combined with counseling it can help people resist the urge to drink too much.
A strategy to help problem drinkers cut back, a strategy that involves a prescription drug that's been around for more than 20 years. Here's NPR's Allison Aubrey.
ALLISON AUBREY, BYLINE: Millions of people drink more than they should or want to. And for those who struggle, this may sound familiar.
JOHN: It's hard to admit that you have a problem. I would say, for me, that was the No. 1 thing that held me back initially.
AUBREY: That's John. He asked us not to use his full name. He worries disclosing his trouble with alcohol could affect his career. He says for years, he was a social drinker. He'd grab a few beers with his softball team after a game. But then after several deaths in his family, he sunk into a dark depression.
JOHN: So I definitely tried to seek solace in the bottle, so to speak. You know, I wanted to kind of numb my thoughts.
AUBREY: He'd started about 10 in the morning with hard liquor. He'd pour a glass of vodka and drink it straight up. This went on for months. He works from home, and he continued to do well professionally. So at first, no one noticed. Some afternoons, by the time his family came home, he'd had

================



======= Instance Index 19156 =========
Input Text: Context: Tracy had a bad flu so Alex came to look after Tracy.  Alex fed Tracy soup then put Tracy to bed to get some rest.

Question: Why did Alex do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: look after Tracy

B: heat soup

C: buy soup

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 73.99649
Retrieved Text: KALERIYA IZ LUNNOY STAI (Alex de los Hijos de la Luna - Tracy) - baby class - very promising, class winner, Best baby of the breed.
DE MONNA LIZA IZ LUNNOY STAI (Diego Haltrava - Tracy) - open class - exellent, CAC, class winner.
DANAYA IZ LUNNOY STAI (Diego Haltrava - Tracy) - champion class - exellent, CAC, class winner, Best female of the breed, BOB!
KAPUCHINO IZ LUNNOY STAI (Alex de los Hijos de la Luna - Tracy) - baby class - very promising, class winner, Best baby of the breed.
INDIO IZ LUNNOY STAI (Alex de los Hijos de la Luna - Daikiri iz Lunnoy Stai) - junior class - exellent, class winner, JunCAC, Best junior male!
VERNY IZ LUNNOY STAI (Garold Melly - Tracy) - champion class - exellent, CAC, Best male & BOB!
INDIO IZ LUNNOY STAI (Alex de los Hijos de la Luna - Daikiri iz Lunnoy Stai) - junior class - exellent, class winner, JunCAC, Best Junior of the breed & BOB!
DAIKIRI IZ LUNNOY STAI back from Moldova where be on the 2xCACIB & 3xCAC.
* 9 december, CACIB show: CAC, CACIB, BOB и 2 place в Best in Group.
* 9 december, CAC show: CAC, BOB.
* 10 december, CACIB show: CAC, CACIB.
DAIKIRI close Moldova Champion title!
We congratulates ZHEMCHUZHINA IZ LUNNOY STAI with title Champion of Russia!!!
DANAYA IZ LUNNOY STAI (Diego Haltrava x Tracy)- champion class winner, CAC, BOB & 2 place in Best in Group!
Judge - Borisova Elena (Belorus).
ZHEMCHUZHINA IZ LUNNOY STAI (Divina Fortitudo x Tracy) - CAC, CACIB, Best of Breed!
We congratulates ZHEMCHUZHINA and ghe owner

########
Rank: 1
Score: 72.51754
Retrieved Text: Posted July 1, 2016 to Maternity / Pregnancy by: Tracy Kraft Leboe.
Peek at our morning session with Penny Thomas. Strength + Beauty + Grace, Penny represents them all!
She’s a world Jiu Jitsu champion, and also fitness instructor here on Maui. We can’t wait to meet the little one!! 5 weeks to go….
Posted July 1, 2016	to Maternity / Pregnancy	by: Tracy Kraft Leboe.
Posted April 29, 2016 to Baby Hawaii Photography by: Tracy Kraft Leboe.
Posted April 29, 2016	to Baby Hawaii Photography	by: Tracy Kraft Leboe.
Posted April 3, 2016 to Family , Underwater Photography by: Tracy Kraft Leboe.
A unique family session with Alex and Robert Lee, and their little sweetie Frankie! They own a dance studio in California, Elevation Studios, and wanted to do a dance-inspired, family session. We took it to the forest, and then danced underwater to the sound of the whales!
Posted April 3, 2016	to Family , Underwater Photography	by: Tracy Kraft Leboe.
Posted October 2, 2015 to Baby Hawaii Photography by: Tracy Kraft Leboe.
Posted October 2, 2015	to Baby Hawaii Photography	by: Tracy Kraft Leboe.
This eve’s location for the 2015 Fall/Winter Cover of Maui Family Magazine. Look for it on stands November 1st!
One of the 2 fall/winter cover cuties insisted that she take an iPhone photo of myself and MFM editor, Nicole Shipman, following the photo shoot 😉 That’s a wrap!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 71.846275
Retrieved Text: After a Thursday qualifying session at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, Paul Tracy and the #15 Geico car appeared a lock for the 2010 Indy 500. A single lap run resulted with a strong 226.322 mile per hour average speed for Tracy allowed him and his KV Racing Technology team to feel positive about the two-days of qualifying. On Pole Day, confidence went out the window as they fell short of make the top 24 cars leaving the team hopes teetering the final Sunday qualifying known as Bump Day.
Earlier in the Bump Day qualifying session, Paul Tracy and the #15 KV Racing Technology team entered a four-lap run at 223.892 miles per hour. Electing to better their time, a decision was made to withdraw the time in order to let Tracy achieve a better run. Attempting the run just 6 minutes to the end of the qualifying session, the #15 Geico-sponsored car could not even find the speed to equal their prior qualifying performance. As time ran out on Sunday, Tracy was left without one of 33 spots for this year's Indy 500. Sadly, the previous four-lap run which had been abandoned by the #15 KV Racing Technology team would have been enough to beat the #29 car of Sebastian Saavedra for the 33rd starting position.
"The decision to withdraw our time and re-qualify was a team decision. We win as a team and lose as a team. I just feel bad for the whole team." a disappointed Paul Tracy commented adding "It wasn’t for a lack of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 70.32727
Retrieved Text: Local press coverage of the Bulldogs at the recent varsity tournament in Sacramento.
A last minute entry for the Tracy bulldogs at the West Campus (Sacramento) varsity tournament saw six wrestlers compete against mostly Sacramento area wrestling teams and came away with four medals.
Consolation champion (7th place) for Conner Lanthier.
Second place finish for Alex Gougousis.
Outstanding wrestler award given to Eli Blackwell.
Tracy Wrestling recenctly travelled to north Stockton to take on the Bear Creek Bruins. The Bulldogs came away victorious. This was the press coverage of that event.
We have posted links to articles in the past that espoused the great benefit wrestling is to athletes who participate in other sports. Football is a commonly linked sport. The article linked below is another great example of how one family was given advice for their middle-school aged son to get involved in wrestling as it would have direct impact on skills necessary to develop into a good football player.
The Tracy Press covered the recent Rod Gaines varsity tournament. The team took sixth place of more than twenty schools even though Tracy was handicapped without a full lineup in the team race. Five medalists from Tracy include two freshmen, Anthony Nunes and Jason Matta. Both freshmen have prior wrestling experience in the Tracy wrestling club and are looking to solidify a permanent spot in the varsity lineup, an honor for freshmen.
The Tracy High wrestling team will begin league dual meet competition earlier this year. Typically the league season is prefaced by a holiday schedule to prepare for league meets. The TCAL

########
Rank: 4
Score: 68.22539
Retrieved Text: Jack Hennessy singled to shortstop.
Ryan Tracy singled to center field; Jack Hennessy advanced to second.
Jake Crist walked; Ryan Tracy advanced to second; Jack Hennessy advanced to third.
Brennan Cotter singled to right field, RBI; Jake Crist advanced to second; Ryan Tracy advanced to third; Jack Hennessy scored.
Bailey Lewis hit by pitch, RBI; Brennan Cotter advanced to second; Jake Crist advanced to third; Ryan Tracy scored.
Bailey Lewis advanced to second; Brennan Cotter advanced to third; Jake Crist scored on an error by p, unearned.
Ryan Tracy singled, bunt; Jack Hennessy advanced to second.
Alex Darwiche singled to left field.
Mike Eberle singled to right field; Alex Darwiche advanced to second.
Austin Sacks singled to right field; Mike Eberle advanced to second; Alex Darwiche advanced to third.
Dillon Bowman flied out to cf, SAC, RBI; Alex Darwiche scored.
Bradley Martin singled to left center, RBI; Austin Sacks advanced to second; Mike Eberle scored.
Bailey Lewis doubled to right field.
Jonah Offman to p for David Glass.
Chris DeGiacomo hit by pitch.
Zach Jaffe reached first on an error by ss; Chris DeGiacomo advanced to second.
Zach Jaffe advanced to second on a wild pitch; Chris DeGiacomo advanced to third on a wild pitch.
Mike Smith walked, RBI; Mike Eberle advanced to second; Zach Jaffe advanced to third; Chris DeGiacomo scored.
Austin Sacks singled to center field, 2 RBI; Mike Smith advanced to second; Mike Eberle scored; Zach Jaffe scored, unearned.
Dillon Bowman singled to right center, advanced to second on the throw, RBI; Austin Sacks advanced to third; Mike Smith scored.
Nolan Lundholm to p for David Gately.
Bradley Martin flied out to rf, SAC,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 68.2134
Retrieved Text: Harvest Kitchen was established by Tracy Collins and Pete Little in 2015 with the aim of bringing a relaxed, shared style dining experience to the Barossa. The restaurant is built on a desire to highlight the wonderful produce the region has to offer a dining experience to tourists and locals alike that is both friendly and professional in nature.
Tracy is best known for her accomplishments on the 2014 series of Masterchef Australia seeing it all the way to finals week and making it to the top 5.
Pete has an extensive background in the hospitality industry and comes with an amazing reputation and unwavering ethos. While in the region Pete has worked as Director of Food and Beverage for luxury Barossa property The Louise and their award winning restaurant Appellation. Pete has also been part of the teams behind pop-up events The Breakfast Rave and Little & Often and has a great love of the wonderful produce the region has to offer.
Alex joined the partnership team of Harvest Kitchen in January 2017, having worked as Restaurant Manager from shortly after opening in April 2015. Prior to joining the team, Alex spent 15 years as a chef before graduating with 1st class honours in Hospitality Management. He went on to work in the wine industry, and after becoming an Associate of the Institute of Wine and Spirits, came to the Barossa to pursue a quieter life as a small artisanal winemaker. In between managing Harvest Kitchen, Alex labours away with love on some small batch craft wines.
Tracy has

########
Rank: 6
Score: 67.96479
Retrieved Text: Amsterdam, NY — The Amsterdam Mohawks pummeled the Newark Pilots Sunday night by a score of 11-3. The Mohawks’ bats combined for fifteen hits, six of which came in a 4-run first inning. Joe Purritano’s (Dartmouth) 2-RBI double in the fourth inning was the biggest hit in the game for the Mohawks.
E.J. Ashworth (Fairfield) pitched five innings to earn the win for Amsterdam. He struck out seven, four of which came in the third inning during a span where Ashworth struck out six straight Pilots. Zach Wall (Young Harris) reached first base after a dropped third strike and a bad throw down to first by Blake Logan (Auburn), which helped Ashworth complete the rare feat. Joe Purritano went 2-3 with a double and 3 RBI’s, but was taken out in the fifth inning after the Mohawks took a 9-0 lead.
Rob Robbins (Stevens) came into the game with an ERA of 0.43, but did not have a strong outing. He pitched 3.1 innings, allowed 11 hits, and 6 earned runs. Tanner Geisel (Southeastern Community College) had the most production offensively for the Pilots. He had an RBI double, and a run scored in the sixth inning.
The Mohawks scored early to take a commanding lead, which is something they have done consistently during this stretch where they have won 12 out of 13. John Razzino (Franklin & Pierce) grounded into a double play with the bases loaded to bring in Marcus Carson (Kentucky) for the first run in the first inning. Joe Purritano singled to bring in Alex

########
Rank: 7
Score: 67.85821
Retrieved Text: Tracy was born in Korea and came to Boston when she was 25 years old for her master’s degree in Wellesley College. She is very fit, exercises regularly and eats a lot of fruits and vegetables. There are two kinds of food that make her very happy: spicy food and ice cream. At Wellesley College, a very rich alumna donated a large amount of money to provide various kinds of flavored ice cream for free. Tracy would have a small bowl of ice cream after her spicy lunch or dinner. She had so much energy with the stimulation of her spicy food that she finished her master’s degree in biology within two years at Wellesley College. She met a very nice researcher at MIT in Boston. They soon got married in one of the churches in Needham. After a few months, Tracy got pregnant. They decided to buy a house in Needham because the school system is good.
Tracy has a regular period every 26 to 28 days. A few months after her Wedding in Boston, she started spotting when her period was due. She thought that this was the regular period because she tended to spot a few days before and after her period. Thus, her regular period could last 8 to 10 days with some cramps, which sometimes caused infections, such as UTI. She thought that the infections were just part of life; she would take an antibiotic for a week, then the infection would go away. This time, she did not get the UTI,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 67.53602
Retrieved Text: There is an Awsome guy name George, he is very good at his instrument, especially his guitar, he start play it since 3 years old, not force to, he was born to be with misic, and he just love the freedom of floating in music.
Tracy,stop talking when he look up and saw that pairs of sapphire blue eyes infrount of her “I .. A..yeh , ah it okay ,I can take that bump” George say it very sloppy cause he is also stuns by the hazel green eyes she have there “do you need a hand for your stuff ?”Geoge ask very nicely. “I think I can take it myself, thank you” Tracy walked away left to find her room.
After the settlement and a night if rest ,it open day !!! She follow all others and go to the hugest Hall she ever been in her life and sit down with others ,the show beggin , there was a bang presenting at the stage ,the show were Awsome, Tracy felt in love with the music going on stage, she never knew the a group of student would capable of playing music such great than she reginise the guitar guy, it was the guy she bump in yesterday, she imidintly feel so embarrassing about it, but than the girls team show up, their dance steps are amazing and there she is! The perfect girl that stands out at the middle. Tracy just feel so great that she do not want to leave this place for first time

########
Rank: 9
Score: 67.17043
Retrieved Text: Story by Marcia Hill Gossard ’99, ’04 Ph.D.
"Dancer," a 7-year-old Powder-puff Chinese Crested, wasn't always as healthy and happy as she is today. She spent the first 6 years of her life in a puppy mill in Oregon. When she came to live with Tracy and her family in Idaho, all her toes were dislocated from being confined to a wire cage. Her teeth had rotted, she had a cyst, and an injured back.
"She was in such bad shape, we really debated if the journey to get well was worth the pain she would go through," said Tracy.
After numerous medical treatments, Dancer began to thrive and settle into her new home. She even helped gently care for a 3-week old Chihuahua the family was raising in their home.
"But one of biggest gifts Dancer gives us is the connection with our son with Asperger's," said Tracy. "The other animals shy away from him, but Dancer gets up on his lap and makes that connection with him."
Then came the cancer diagnosis.
"We thought we might lose her, so we took her to a specialist who referred her to WSU," said Tracy.
But with nearly $9000 in veterinary medical expenses over the year, the needed radiation treatment seemed financially out of reach.
"We didn't have the money, but knew she could be saved," said Tracy.
So they applied for help from the Good Samaritan Fund, created to help animals in need of special care, but who were ownerless or whose owners could not afford treatment.
"Receiving this money was just enough help for us

########
Rank: 10
Score: 66.54958
Retrieved Text: I just got home from Tracy’s. Just walked in the door. I’ve been thinking about this blog for a couple of hours and have to let it flow out and take form.
I have never seen such a huge network of friends — Tracy’s friends! Oh, my good goodness! [Yes, I meant to put both ‘good’s in there.] I am literally [or figuratively] blown away! I am in awe of the way she turned out! I am her biggest fan. Well, I’m her biggest Mother fan. Because, she has a whole lot of other fans and I’m not sure I’m the ‘biggest’ in the category of all her fans.
I got there on Friday in time for gymnastics. The first thing Mikelle said to me after a few hellos and squeals of delight from the East, was, “Oh, my gosh, Tracy is pretty amazing. She’s a good gymnastics teacher!” She has a way of giving lots of individual attention to every single kid there. And, most of the parents, too. Not to mention the very obvious! She’s almost 40 and can still do a running round-off hand-spring! All those gymnastics lessons twenty-five years ago paid off!
Later, she rushed to the play where she had organized and presided over the concessions. Once again, I saw so much teamwork and mutual respect and friendship going on all over the place. Lots of hugs and sweet-talk and support. Lots of genuine camaraderie all over the place. And, lots of singing from the smoothie lady! One man came up to the window

########
Rank: 11
Score: 65.88907
Retrieved Text: A police raid on an Internet gambling café in Tracy, California last May is turning out to be a jackpot for the local Boys & Girls Clubs this week as police department officials distribute 39 of 50 confiscated computers following the formal conviction of the previous owner on illegal gambling charges and a court distribution order.
Sgt. Alex Neicu, supervisor of Tracy Police Department&apos;s special investigations unit, said officers confiscated the computers when they raided the Computer Crazy Internet Café following a multiagency investigation into reports of illegal online gambling on the premises.
The defendant in the case, Patricia Simmons, pleaded no contest to online gambling charges in October, with a condition that the seized equipment be given to charity.
The newest computers from the confiscated equipment – mainly Dell and Gateway machines with monitors, keyboards and mice – have been purged of online gambling software preparatory to the donation.
"We have had a long-standing work relationship with the Boys & Girls Clubs of Tracy, and they were our first thought," Neicu said.
The Tracy clubs are part of the national Boys and Girls Clubs NetSmart program, which teaches Internet safety and keyboard skills.
Robert Pane, director of operations for the Boys & Girls Clubs of Tracy, said the 39 computers would be a welcome addition to the club&apos;s technology available for children throughout the six club sites.
He said that 80 percent of the children in the Boys & Girls Clubs programs come from low-income households, and many don&apos;t have a computer in the home.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 65.86004
Retrieved Text: Alex Zanardi got his seventh CART FedEx victory of the season under a sea of yellow flags in the Australian Indy Carnival at Surfers Paradise.
In a race slowed by seven caution flags for a total of 19 laps, Zanardi finished the race under a yellow flag, .322 seconds ahead of the pole winner, Dario Franchitti of Scotland. The victory came after Zanardi, driving a Target-Chip Ganassi Reynard Honda, edged ahead of Franchitti on a 13th-lap pit stop -- the race's only lead change.
The race was shortened to two hours, allowing only 62 laps of the 65 laps to be completed on the 2.795-mile street circuit. Zanardi averaged 85.328 miles an hour.
Seven cars went out because of contact on the track, including the previous Australian winners Michael Andretti (1994), Paul Tracy (1995), Jimmy Vasser (1996) and Bobby Rahal. Tracy and Andretti blamed each other for a collision between the two.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 65.56856
Retrieved Text: Jenny Eckert was introduced in 1991 when she was a member of an environmental group called The Greenbelts. Jenny and the other Greenbelts protested the arrival of the Quartermaine chemical boat, the SS Tracy. As the ship arrived, it exploded and sank! On board the ship were Jenny�s brother Bill and their cousin Joey Moscini. Soon after the boat sank, Jenny met Ned Ashton and Paul Hornsby. Paul was just named the CEO of ELQ. Jenny loved both men and was involved in a romantic triangle. Suddenly, tragedy hit when Jenny�s father died of a heart attack. The Eckerts all received a handsome share of Fred�s inheritance. Jenny�s mother Angela moved to Portland and Jenny decided to enroll at Port Charles University and moved in with GH nurses Amy, Sheila and Meg. Jenny was still torn between Ned and Paul though, until Paul became engaged to Tracy Quartermaine. Jenny felt that Paul betrayed her and wouldn�t give him the time of day. Paul eventually married Tracy but he later was stabbed by Cesar Faison. Jenny kept vigil at Paul�s side with Tracy, who was annoyed at Jenny�s presence. Paul whispered to Jenny that he loved her and Jenny confessed her love for him too but his marriage to Tracy made their love impossible.
In 1992, Jenny hoped that Paul would divorce Tracy and marry her but then Tracy announced that she was pregnant. At that time, Ned asked Jenny to marry him and she agreed, knowing that Paul wouldn�t leave a pregnant Tracy. Jenny married Ned in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 65.3966
Retrieved Text: What I love most about my experience is that Ms. Tracy is /was very caring and concerned about me, the customer. She is very knowledgeable of what she was doing. She walked me me step by step in every process and procedures of what was going to take place. She made me felt comfortable and relaxed. I would recommend anyone to make an appointment.
I am so thrilled to have had you as my massage therapist. Thank you for an amazing experience. I will recommend you to everyone.
Tracy is a knowledgeable, skilled massage therapist and it shows in her work. I always feel better after a session with her. I would highly reccomend her.
I really liked the stretching techniques after the massage!
I thoroughly enjoyed my very first massage and cannot wait until my next one. Awesome experience.
Wonderful atmosphere. It was immediately relaxing. I would definitely recommend Tracy to friends and family.
Tracy always delivers! I suffer from low back issues and she understands exactly where to target to provide the greatest relief and benefit from the massage. She will work with you to tailor a massage specific to your needs and this is what I like most!
Tracy is so professional and has a great personality. She truly cares about the well being of her clients. I love the atmosphere. I will be treating myself to a massage every month! I highly recommend Tracy at Holistic Equilibrium, she is absolutely amazing.
A Healthy Conversation is a 30-minute confidential session that allows you to: - Identify your health and life goals,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 65.17115
Retrieved Text: I would like to introduce Tracy Lafrenniere, Hair Stylists at Paulos Salon in Chicopee Ma.
Lauren and I first met Traci at CVS in Chicopee Ma.. We were their printing pictures from Lauren's first heart transplant, and Tracy was there printing pictures of some of her clients hair for her portfolio. Lauren and Traci started chatting, then Lauren found out Tracy was just beginning her career as a Hair Stylists. Lauren asked her about her hair, she wanted to have extensions placed in her hair. Not knowing Lauren, she agreed to come to our house to do Lauren hair. At that time Lauren just came out of the hospital from her heart transplant, so Lauren couldn't really sit in a salon for a lengthy period of time. From that day on, Traci has been doing Lauren's hair and has become a great friend .
Tracy Lafreniere is employed at Paulos Studio in Chicopee Ma. You can visit their Facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/paulossalon/​ to see for yourself the absolute beautiful work Traci has done.
When we were preparing everything for our move into the hospital, Traci contacted Lauren and said "I want you to look fabulous, I'm coming over to take care of your hair". ​ When Lauren told me Tracy was coming over to do her hair, all I thought was "I love this girl". reason being I know how busy she is. It's a girl thing, if your hair is looking great, then you feel great. Tracy gave her the that big smile on her face with confidence

########
Rank: 16
Score: 64.64188
Retrieved Text: "Tracy, I wanted to Thank You for honesty and hard work in selling our home in Deerfield. It really went well and we are grateful for your help. You advertised well & really work hard. We would definitely use you again and/or recommend you to anyone we know looking to buy or sell. We hope your family is well. Thanks Again, Tracy."
"Tracy, Thank you so much for your help! You were always willing to answer questions or get the answers for us! We appreciate that! Sincerely,"
"Tracy & Christie- We will recommend you in the future if and when we have the opportunity! You know what you are doing and have always had your clients’ best interests in mind."
"My wife and I were very fortunate to have Tracy and Christie work with us on the recent purchase of our condo in Prestwick. Residing in Pittsburgh, we were concerned about a purchase from this distance; but Tracy handled everything efficiently and made it easy for us."
"Thanks Again for the Great Job! We Love Our House!"
"We'd surely recommend you to anyone needing a Realtor! Wish you were here to sell our home and other property. Great Job!"
"Thanks So Much! With your help, our Dream is coming true! With our Appreciation......"
"Tracy & Christie- It was very much a pleasure to work with you. Thank you for Everything!!"
"I have worked with Tracy and Christie (Team Turner) on several transactions. They are the BEST!!. Tracy and Christie know the Myrtle Beach area "inside and out". The keep up with the market and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 64.624245
Retrieved Text: Community groups in the shire shared in close to $50,000 worth of grants during a special cheque presentation lrecently. Dungog Mayor Tracy Norman, general manager Coralie Nichols and Managing Director of Hunter Water Corporation (HWC), Dr Jim Bentley presented the cheques to 21 organisations. The successful applicants under the Love Water program were: Dungog Shire Community Centre Clarence Town Rugby League Football Club, Dungog Shire Youth Service, Glen William Public School Dungog Community Preschool Dungog Public School P and C. Recipients of community grants were: Bandon Grove School of Arts Dungog Rotary Club Dungog Common Trust Wirragulla Polo Club Boomerang Bags Paterson School of Arts Clarence Town Rural Fire Brigade Wallarobba Hall Dungog Gresford Land Beef group Sculpture on the Farm Clarence Town Progress Association Dungog Shire events Gresford Show Committee Dungog Arts Foundation Dungog District Neighbourcare.
Dungog Community Preschool's Sam Delafontaine (director) and Alex Clifton (President of committee) received funding through the Love Water grants. They are pictured with Mayor Tracy Norman and Dr Jim Bentley.
Dungog Public School's P and C received a cheque. Pictured is Phillipa Hudson (P and C Secretary) with Mel Walton (P and C President) and her son Edward Black and Dungog Mayor Tracy Norman and Dr Jim Bentley.
Clarence Town Rural Fire Service received a community cheque.
Dungog Mayor Tracy Norman with Phillipa Wilson representing Sculpture on the Farm.
Grant L'Green, Catherine Varcoe and Kristy Buttsworth representing Paterson Rotary Club and Paterson School of Arts, pictured with the Mayor Tracy Norman.
Peter Maytom from Clarence Town Rugby League Football Club with Mayor Tracy Norman and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 64.59907
Retrieved Text: And here’s my own personal review if it’s of any use.
After Ben Taylor’s short but sweet warm up the audience had to endure half an hour’s extra wait before Tracy finally graced the stage. She did so with a slowed down, beefed up rendition of ‘Why’, delivering the 17 year old lyrics about the world’s many injustices with just as much gusto (if not more) as she did back in 1988. This was quickly followed by fan-favourite Baby Can I Hold You.
The short acapella was followed up by new song ‘Don’t Dwell’ and a duet with Ben Taylor (a cover of ‘Lean on Me’ – the previous night they had done ‘Knockin on Heaven’s Door’). After Tracy said goodbye to Ben (telling us it was his last night on the tour with her – which was inevitably met with a roar of appreciative applause and whistles) she moved on to the obligatory ‘Fast Car’. Nothing really new there, the crowd were more than pleased.
To liven things up after the chilled down Promise she launched into a stomping version of ‘Say Hallelujah’ which the crowd seemed to love. After this, she dipped back into the box of new songs and pulled out ‘Talk to You’. After this Tracy started making light of the t-shirt quinn was wearing. The T-shirt said ‘More Cowbell’ which made absolutely no sense to the UK audience, but Tracy seemed to find it hilarious. She proceeded to explain that it referred to a skit on American Show Saturday Night Live where Christopher Walken,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 64.55853
Retrieved Text: Car Dealerships | The Best in Business TV The Premier Awards Show with Your Host Tracy Repchuk.
Is a series of stories about those who are at the top of their field, have achieved, succeeded, are leaders in their industry and admired for their accomplishments. It’s a gripping voyage into the minds of a super star.
Books have a real perceived value which makes them an appreciated gift. Books are never thrown away.
Bonus: 2Only 12 Authors are Chosen. Make One of them YOU!
The moment I understood the importance of being a best seller to take me from obscurity to,authority, I knew in my bones that writing a book was a must. I decided to write my own book at the same time that I decided to write a chapter in Tracy Repchuk’s book, Start Right Marketing. The thing is, the more I learned about what it takes to write your own book and to have a successful best seller launch, the more daunting it became, and I felt very discouraged. In fact, I haven’t gotten any further on my own book than jotting down some notes here and there. Meanwhile, Tracy Repchuk made me an Amazon #1 International Best Selling Author with her collaborative book! I had told myself that just being in a book with Tracy felt like enough, and that a best seller would be nice. Maybe I didn’t want to expect too much. Adding the “#1? and “international” gave me a thrill that really surprised me to feel. Everything I’m doing as an entrepreneur suddenly

########
Rank: 20
Score: 64.50234
Retrieved Text: Tracy Huckfield from PDC approved pole dance school Pagan's Pole achieves 4 star Pole Dancing Instructor Status.
The Pole Dance Community team are proud to announce the first successful application for 4 star Instructor status. Tracy has worked hard to gain her 4 star status and her application was backed by 2 other PDC approved pole dance schools; BodyBarre in Manchester and Candy & Chrome in North Wales.
Tracy (pictured left demonstrating the Cupid and below right demonstrating the Allegra) has been pole dancing for many years having started as a student in 2007. In 2008 Tracy decided to undertake some continuing professional development so she successfully completed an Exercise to Music (ETM) course to further her fitness knowledge.
After completing her ETM Tracy felt ready to set up her own pole dancing school and Pagan's Pole was born. Tracy said "I found that mixing the pleasurable sides of pole dancing with the hard work was beneficial to all involved, so we started jamming regularly and arranged trips to different pole dancing competitions, shows, jams and studio openings."
In the same year Tracy entered a local pole dancing competition in Carmerthen and won the first prize of £1000 cash. Tracy also performed at the Pole Unity event organised by PDC approved pole dance school Vertical Dance. Other pole dancing events that year involved Tracy dancing at the Wakestock Festival.
To continue her professional development Tracy qualified as a Pump FX instructor giving her excellent fitness knowledge in the world of weights and weight training.
In 2009 Pagan's Pole achieved PDC approved pole

########
Rank: 21
Score: 64.4641
Retrieved Text: Uriah Tracy was an attorney and politician who took up arms against the British after the Battles of Lexington and Concord. Following his military service, he served Connecticut locally as an attorney and nationally as a senator in Washington, DC, for 11 years.
Tracy was born in Franklin, Connecticut, on February 2, 1755. The son of Eliphalet and Lucy Sarah Tracy, Uriah, at the age of 20, marched to Boston in response to the alarm raised by the colonial skirmish with British soldiers on the Lexington Green. After helping force the British to evacuate from Boston, he returned to Connecticut, graduated from Yale College in 1778, and then attended the Litchfield Law School—being admitted to the bar in 1781. He opened a law practice in Litchfield and, the following year, married Susannah Bull. Together, they had five children.
An ardent Federalist (one who advocated for a strong national government), Tracy soon involved himself in local politics. He became a member of the state general assembly in 1788—serving for 5 years (the last as Speaker). His move onto the national stage came with an election to Congress in 1793. He held this post until 1796, when the state of Connecticut chose him to fill the Senate vacancy created by the resignation of Jonathan Trumbull.
As a senator, Tracy played a very active role in national politics. He served on several committees and eventually became president pro tempore in the Senate. In December of 1803, he formed a committee to consider action against impeached Judge John Pickering of New Hampshire. While

########
Rank: 22
Score: 64.305916
Retrieved Text: I would like to thank you too, Cory and Tracy and everyone who put up with us over the weekend! We couldn't ask for any better hospitality, food and accomodations.
It was great fun, and Rush Lake taught my partner and I a lot about how things just don't go as planned for us.
Thanks Cory,Tracy,Paul and the neigboors that let us use their yard and dock,and even to the neighbors that had an unexpected guest at the door sat nite!Hope we weren't too much to take.
Again thanks goes out to everyone! We had some very eventful evenings and so did the neighbors! Tracy I hope you don't find to many things broken around the house and no unexpected messes!
Fishing was great as long as you liked to cast all day long, but none the less we did find a nice limit of gills!
Clueless nice job on the big ones! These guys have really proven to be worthy competitors! Just goes to show ya you don't need a 30K boat to catch a lot of big fish!
I too would like to extend thanks to Cory and Tracy for all they did for everyone this past weekend. It was a blast. Sorry we pulled out at noon on Sunday, but BFJ needed to get back to Grand Rapids. Hope Team Clueless didn't lose too much blood....nice fish guys.
Look forward to seeing everyone at Big Pine.
See ya on Big Pine!
I wanted to thank Paul and Tracy also. By the way Tracy - we are going to hold you to that

########
Rank: 23
Score: 64.27905
Retrieved Text: Children may not remember what you tell them....but they'll always remember how you made them feel.
She has been added to my prayer wheel. I'm so sorry she is going through this.
we come to you on behalf of this child of yours Tracy, who's seeking healing again.
Father God, only you can heal and restore Tracy to perfect health as you've done for her before.
You've said in Jeremiah 30:17 "For I will restore health unto thee, and I will heal thee of thy wounds, saith the Lord;"
We have faith that you will do it again as your mercy is endless and oh, so sweet.
You are still the Great Physician and we ask you Lord to guide the physicians and Tracy's caretakers in giving them the best knowledge to help heal her.
Synda, please know your cousin will be in our daily prayers until she is healed!
Synda, sweet girl, know that I will be saying a prayer for your cousin, Tracy. So young and and so beautiful.
Prayers going up here too for Tracy.
Tracy is going for a full body MRI tomorrow,to be sure there are no other tumors anywhere else besides the brain.And then starts her radiation treatments Monday the 19th.She will have 10 treatments ,5 Monday through Friday and then 5 more Monday through Friday and then a break for the brain swelling to go down from the radiation.Then she will have a massive mega dose of radiation directly to the tumor that is in left frontal lobe towards the center of the brain at the brain stem.The tumor

########
Rank: 24
Score: 64.0969
Retrieved Text: Born in Nashville and raised in San Antonio, Tracy moved to Asheville in 1992 shortly after graduating from Baylor University. Before becoming a broker with Preferred Properties, she worked as a fund-raising and marketing professional for several large non-profits, including United Way and the YMCA -- experiences which helped her refine her customer service, sales and communication skills. Although she has changed professions, Tracy continues to be involved, and volunteers regularly at her children's school, where she enjoys reading with kids in the classroom and co-chairing the annual book fair. Prior to that, she volunteered for many years with the school's outreach program to low-income families. In addition to serving on the Claxton Elementary PTO, she has also been a board member of several community organizations, including the Junior League of Asheville and the Verner Center for Early Learning. Tracy and her husband reside in North Asheville with their two children. She has bought and sold several homes, including rentals, as well as gone through the building process on her current residence. Her years of living, working and volunteering in Asheville make her a great resource for those looking to buy and sell real estate in the area.
Tracy was very engaged in our property sale from consideration of initial options through the prep for sale and placing the property on the market. We asked many questions and had a lot of interaction with Tracy and she was always very responsive and helpful in guiding us. She had excellent contractor connections where we needed them. She made

########
Rank: 25
Score: 64.096565
Retrieved Text: Sometimes because of the steep charges involved in calling out from a prison, Tracy Henry doesn't accept the call. She just takes it as a sign of life.
The mother of a state inmate is concerned her son has been singled out for brutal treatment by corrections officers on more than one occasion.
Tracy Henry's son, Chris Henry, who is serving time in Central Mississippi Correctional Facility for breaking and entering, grand larceny and jail escape, claims that he fears for his life after he was allegedly assaulted twice by four prison guards.
She said that she's received communications from other inmates who have told her they don't know why her son has been singled out. She said she thinks some of the backlash from the prisoners to the allegations is why a prisoners' advocacy group contacted her Thursday. The advocacy group confirmed it had spoken with Tracy Henry, but could not comment further. When the alleged assaults started, the Henrys contacted Mississippi Department of Corrections officials as well as the FBI.
FBI officials said per Department of Justice policy, they are not able to confirm or deny whether they are involved in any investigation, but Tracy Henry said she's spoken with multiple agents about the case.
Grace Fisher, spokeswoman for MDOC, also cited policy regarding the allegations.
"MDOC takes any allegations of abuse seriously. However, discussing any investigation is contrary to MDOC practice," she said. "Investigations are treated in a confidential manner. Findings will be released upon completion of the investigations following MDOC’s policies and procedures."
Chris Henry calls home regularly to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 63.859753
Retrieved Text: As much as I wanted to stay home and cuddle this precious little angel in my arms all day, our budget wouldn’t allow it. So after my 6 week maternity leave was up, I headed back to work and Tracy headed to the baby daycare nursery.
Being a mommy, a wife, a worker bee, a housekeeper, a laundress, a family budgeter and a dietitian is tough. Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise. What doesn’t kill us makes us stronger? Ha! It’s no wonder women today are so strong! And it’s no wonder why in God’s great wisdom he chose the female of our species to bare the children. Men wouldn’t be able to handle it. Just see what happens in a household when everyone has the flu. Hubby is whimpering in bed asking for soup, and wanting his temperature taken every ten minutes, your child is calmly laying on the couch watching The Skipper Chuck Show, happy he or she didn’t have to go to school, and Mom is mopping the floor, throwing in a load of laundry and taking out the trash. We are all sick. But Mom’s just keep on keepin’ on.
Spray a large saucepan with olive oil, heat. Sauté onion, carrot, and garlic over low heat until softened, about 5 minutes. Add broth, cabbage, beans, tomato paste, basil, oregano, and salt; bring to a boil. Reduce heat; simmer, covered, about 15 minutes or until beans are tender. Stir in the zucchini and heat for 3-4 minutes. Serve hot.
Extra work pops up from time to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 63.858044
Retrieved Text: The Mandarin Club, Markham, Ontario.
Ottawa Players got in finals in 3 events!
Mens Singles: The second seeded Sergiy Shatenko defeated the top seeded player Charles Pyne from Missisauga 21-19, 21-18; claimed the Gold medal.
Mens Doubles: The unseed team Patrice Labrosse and Joseph Rogers knock down the second seeded pair, Kevin Li and Nyl Yakula from Toronto, 21-19, 21-15, then beat the top seeded Quang Hoang & Eddie Kung 21-13, 21-15 in the finals. They walk away with the gold medal easily.
Mixed Doubles: Unseeded Vivian Tam paired up with a Toronto player Aiden Lim, fought off the second seeded Michael Diamond and Surabhi Kadam in their second round, 14-21,21-12,22-20; beat Joshua Hurlburt-Yu and Tracy Wong in the semi-finals 21-13,20-22,21-16 but lost to the national players Kevin Li and Alex Bruce in the fianls and Settled for the Silver medal.
In the Ladie's doubles: Vivian Tam paired up with Shilin Cheung from Toronto lost in the semi-finals to the top National players Michelle Li and Alex Bruce. Laura Gemmell & Anita Cole lost their match to the second seeded Carrie Li and Tracy Wong.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 63.851192
Retrieved Text: Spencer Tracy was subject of the best book I read in 2011. One of the best I've ever read. After author James Curtis had (finally!) made me a fan of W.C. Fields through his authoritative 2003 biography, I could barely contain myself in waiting for his treatment of a subject I already liked in Tracy. Spencer Tracy: A Biography by James Curtis lived up to expectations.
Now TCM gives us an opportunity to get to know Spencer Tracy even better through his films. You've surely seen some, maybe even most, though I doubt all. 52 different titles air throughout October 2012 with each Monday evening of programming extending well into Tuesday morning and often beyond lunch-time. Between the Curtis biopraphy and the TCM marathon, we have opportunity to get to know Spencer Tracy better than we ever had before.
TCM's complete October 2012 Spencer Tracy follows and underneath that is a little more about both the TCM line-up and the James Curtis biography.
Now that's a career! But what about the life? There is no better way to get to know Spencer Tracy off-screen than through James Curtis' 2011 biography .
A massive volume that just beats the 1,000 page mark, thanks to pages upon pages of notes, the hardest thing about reading the Tracy biography was managing its weight and bulk (yes, Kindle, I know!). I had originally intended to review it immediately after reading it, but somehow time interfered and the planned post never happened. Luckily however, I had given my copy a good beating while reading: dog

########
Rank: 29
Score: 63.785946
Retrieved Text: Posted by Round Table Realty on Wednesday, January 23rd, 2019 at 7:16am.
You see, Frances bought a house in Jacksonville years back and rented it out as an investment. When things around the rental house began to need replacing, Frances invested the money until it began to feel like a major drain on her finances. She knew she would need to sell the Jacksonville house but she didn’t know how or when.
Tracy scoured the internet and her own resources and quickly came upon an investor whose previous purchases made Tracy think he might like this one as well. In fact, he did! She showed him the property (with Frances still in Texas) and the two sat down to negotiate a price.
Not only was Tracy able to work with the investor to close quickly, she actually closed the property in what might just be a record-breaking 12 days! TWELVE DAYS! She allowed Frances to do her side of the paperwork remotely so she never had to physically attend a closing, and while it was a crazy transaction, it was well worth it.
Frances is forever grateful for the peace of mind the sale of her investment property gave her. Christmas was spent loving on her babies instead of worrying about how, or if, she would ever sell her home in another state.
Most transactions aren’t this fast. It usually takes 30-60 days to close on a house. The kismet of meeting an investor who wanted to close quickly and the timing of the sale were due, in part, to pure

================



======= Instance Index 4968 =========
Input Text: Context: Casey want to be friend's with Taylor, but Taylor doesn't like Casey. So Taylor left Casey alone.

Question: How would Casey feel as a result?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: felt happy that she was alone

B: didn't want Taylor to be with her anyway

C: felt lonely because she was left alone

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 73.73513
Retrieved Text: At the start of their journey, they found themselves head-over-heels in love. Spending time together felt natural and effortless. Their relationship was the equivalent of driving a exhilarating convertible along the California coast.
Casey wanted to save money in case of an emergency, while Taylor wanted to spend money on adventures along their journey.
Taylor wanted to spend more time talking and connecting, while Casey wanted more time to focus on meaningful work projects.
Like Casey and Taylor, both happy and unhappy couples have problems that never go away. The key factor that determines whether a relationship will happily last is not the relationship problems, but how a couple talks about the problems.
At about 10,000 miles on their journey, Casey and Taylor’s love vehicle begins making some weird sounds. Casey ignores the problem because it doesn’t seem like a big deal worth spending money on fixing, while Taylor pushes for spending money on trying to figure out what is going on.
Casey and Taylor argue back and forth on their positions. Taylor becomes critical and Casey becomes silent. They make no headway trying to resolve this issue.
A few days later the car stops making noise and everything seems fine.
Two months later, the sound comes back. Casey and Taylor argue. Taylor becomes critical, and Casey stonewalls.
Dr. Gottman’s research in his famous Love Lab revealed that 69% of conflicts never go away. These unsolvable problems are a result of differences in personality and lifestyle needs among partners. Even seven years later, Casey and Taylor argue about finances as if the conversation only

########
Rank: 1
Score: 71.41479
Retrieved Text: HR: OWEN, Autumn , THORNTON, C.
Casey Bigham singled to left field.
Taylor Vahle doubled to right center.
Tess Griswold homered to left field, 2 RBI; Taylor Vahle scored.
PERRY, Brooke singled up the middle.
FERGUSON, Meredith singled down the lf line; PERRY, Brooke advanced to second.
Savannah Hughes singled to right center, RBI; Cammy Pereira scored.
WARLEY, Annamarie tripled to right center, RBI; PRESSLEY, Lily scored.
OWEN, Autumn homered to center field, 2 RBI; WARLEY, Annamarie scored.
Taylor Vahle singled to left center.
Tess Griswold walked; Taylor Vahle advanced to second.
THORNTON, C. doubled to left field.
Cammy Pereira hit by pitch; Casey Bigham advanced to second.
Marissa Guimbarda singled to left field, advanced to second on the throw, RBI; Cammy Pereira advanced to third; Casey Bigham scored.
PRESSLEY, Lily singled to first base.
Mackense Greico tripled to left field.
Mackense Greico scored on a wild pitch.
WACASTER, Jenna singled to left field.
THORNTON, C. homered to left field, 2 RBI; WACASTER, Jenna scored.
Cammy Pereira tripled to left center, RBI; Lauren Duggar scored.
Marissa Guimbarda flied out to cf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Cammy Pereira scored.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 69.9162
Retrieved Text: C. Hodge singled to right center.
Candace Whittemore singled to pitcher.
Taylor Sanderford singled to left field; Candace Whittemore advanced to second.
Brittany LaPrade reached first on a throwing error by ss; Taylor Sanderford advanced to third; Candace Whittemore scored, unearned.
Casey Abernethy walked; Brittany LaPrade advanced to second.
Kerstin Roth singled to left field, advanced to second on the throw, 2 RBI; Casey Abernethy advanced to second, out at third lf to c to 3b; Brittany LaPrade scored, unearned; Taylor Sanderford Taylor Sanderford, unearned.
Savannah Wood singled to left field.
C. Herron singled to right field.
A. Thomas pinch hit for L. Boyd.
C. Yates pinch hit for A. Whitlow.
E. Anderson singled through the right side.
A. Whitlow to c for C. Yates.
K. Hiatt to 2b for A. Thomas.
M. McClanaha to rf for R. Smoot.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 69.243866
Retrieved Text: The Nov. 22 hour will see her accidentally hitting a pedestrian who steps in front of the ambulance while en route to a call.
While Casey (Jesse Spencer) and the team feel for her predicament, Dawson is left to face the repercussions — including dealing with a whole lot of bureaucracy — alone.
Meanwhile, Casey and Severide (Taylor Kinney) disagree and continue to investigate an arson case while Chief Boden (Eamonn Walker) is left to decide whether to attend an important function in New York.
And in hopes of preparing him for a possible promotion, Casey puts Herrmann (David Eigenberg) at the helm for a shift so he can discover firsthand what his superiors deal with.
We’ve got two new sneak peek clips, courtesy of NBC, to share from “That Day” below.
In the first, Casey arrives back at the station, anxious to comfort Dawson, only to discover that union rules forbid him being in the room with her while she makes her statement.
In Clip 2, Dawson relives her harrowing account in an incident interview, but is frustrated and upset to learn that her details of the accident aren’t specific enough for the report.
The “That Day” episode of Chicago Fire airs Tuesday November 22 (10:00PM – 11:00PM) on NBC.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 68.88243
Retrieved Text: Christina White reached first on a fielding error by 2b.
Essence Strambler singled through the right side; Christina White advanced to second.
Christina White scored on a wild pitch, unearned.
Taylor Campbell reached first on a fielding error by 2b; Rachel Taylor advanced to second; Essence Strambler advanced to third.
Alexus Murray homered to right field, 4 RBI, unearned; Taylor Campbell scored, unearned; Rachel Taylor scored, unearned; Essence Strambler scored, unearned.
Christen Torres singled up the middle.
Ashton Hayden singled to pitcher, bunt; Sarah Gordon advanced to second; Christen Torres advanced to third.
Morgan Brewer tripled down the lf line, 3 RBI; Ashton Hayden scored, unearned; Sarah Gordon scored, unearned; Christen Torres scored, unearned.
Christina White singled to pitcher, bunt, stole second, RBI; Morgan Brewer scored, unearned.
Rachel Taylor singled up the middle, RBI; Christina White scored, unearned.
K. Puzo singled through the left side.
K. Brown reached on a fielder's choice to shortstop; K. Puzo advanced to second on a throwing error by ss.
C. Voellm reached on a fielder's choice to shortstop; K. Brown advanced to second; K. Puzo out at third ss to 3b.
Ashton Hayden singled up the middle.
Morgan Brewer singled to shortstop; Ashton Hayden advanced to second.
Essence Strambler hit by pitch; Morgan Brewer advanced to second; Ashton Hayden advanced to third.
Taylor Campbell singled up the middle, 2 RBI; Essence Strambler advanced to second; Morgan Brewer scored; Ashton Hayden scored.
Alexus Murray reached on a fielder's choice to shortstop; Taylor Campbell advanced to second; Essence Strambler out at third ss to 3b.
S. Buxton singled through the left side.
C. Casey singled through the right side; S. Buxton

########
Rank: 5
Score: 67.45253
Retrieved Text: Renee Lovett singled to center field, advanced to second on an error by cf.
Casey Moore singled to center field, RBI; Renee Lovett scored.
Randi Kelsey singled down the lf line, bunt; Kaitlyn Moore advanced to third.
Joanna Catalano grounded out to ss, RBI; Randi Kelsey advanced to third; Kaitlyn Moore scored.
Leah Bouillon hit by pitch.
Taylor Hicks singled to third base, bunt, RBI; Leah Bouillon advanced to second; Randi Kelsey scored.
Renee Lovett singled through the right side, advanced to second on an error by rf, RBI; Taylor Hicks advanced to third; Leah Bouillon scored.
Erin Chapman grounded out to 2b, RBI; Renee Lovett advanced to third; Taylor Hicks scored.
Chelsea Shellman singled to right center.
Leah Bouillon singled to center field.
Renee Lovett reached first on an error by 1b; Leah Bouillon advanced to second.
Casey Moore singled to second base.
Bailey Smith singled to left field; Casey Moore advanced to second.
Infinity Rogers pinch hit for Kallie Derrer.
Maegahn Wiley pinch hit for Jaime Lightner.
Jaime Lightner to lf for Maegahn Wiley.
Kyleen Wilson pinch hit for Paige Cubberly.
Ashley Lenington pinch hit for Bryanna Collins.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 67.28461
Retrieved Text: 0:00 Maria Cline at goalie for Blackburn.
1:19 Shot by Fontbonne Jacey Pate, Save (by goalie) Maria Cline.
3:00 Shot by Fontbonne Ellen Weaver, Save (by goalie) Maria Cline.
5:58 Header Shot by Fontbonne Jacey Pate, Wide Right.
7:35 Shot by Fontbonne Linsey Klein, High.
8:54 Shot by Fontbonne Meredith Wendt, Save (by goalie) Maria Cline.
9:07 Corner kick by Fontbonne Daniele Caruso [9:07].
12:21 Header Shot by Fontbonne Ellen Weaver, High.
14:02 Shot by Fontbonne Ellen Weaver, Wide Right.
14:33 Corner kick by Fontbonne Daniele Caruso [14:33].
16:00 Substitution!Fontbonne substitution: Rylee Stafford for Meredith Wendt.
16:00 Substitution!Fontbonne substitution: Emily Cardwell for Jacey Pate.
16:00 Substitution!Fontbonne substitution: Mackenzie Goodwin for Maddie Redohl.
17:33 Substitution!Fontbonne substitution: Kelli Kinnikin for Anna Whitaker.
19:48 Shot by Fontbonne Emily Cardwell, Wide Right.
21:10 Corner kick by Fontbonne Jacey Pate [21:10].
21:29 Substitution!Fontbonne substitution: Casey Linsenbardt for Maddie Tague.
21:29 Substitution!Fontbonne substitution: Taylor Gianopulos for Leann Smith.
21:29 Substitution!Fontbonne substitution: Kayla Collie for Ellen Weaver.
21:29 Substitution!Fontbonne substitution: Darby Schaefering for Linsey Klein.
22:04 Shot by Fontbonne Taylor Gianopulos, Blocked.
22:12 Corner kick by Fontbonne Jacey Pate [22:12].
22:21 Substitution!Blackburn substitution: Courtney Pence for Christin Miller.
22:54 Substitution!Fontbonne substitution: Jacey Pate for Daniele Caruso.
23:59 Shot by Fontbonne Casey Linsenbardt, High.
25:48 Shot by Fontbonne Kelli Kinnikin, Save (by goalie) Maria Cline.
26:14 Shot by Fontbonne Jacey Pate, High.
27:37 Shot by Fontbonne Kayla Collie, Save (by goalie) Maria Cline.
28:05 Shot by Fontbonne Jacey Pate, Save (by goalie) Maria Cline.
28:13 Corner kick by Fontbonne Jacey Pate [28:13].
28:34 Shot by Fontbonne Kelli Kinnikin, Save (by goalie) Maria Cline.
30:48 Shot by Fontbonne Taylor Gianopulos, Blocked.
31:17 Shot by Fontbonne Emily Cardwell, Wide Left.
34:37 Shot by Fontbonne Jacey Pate, High.
36:47 Shot by

########
Rank: 7
Score: 67.28234
Retrieved Text: Kaylee Cook singled to shortstop.
Taylor Martin reached first on an error by ss; Kaylee Cook advanced to second.
Jordan Dean reached on a fielder's choice; Taylor Martin advanced to second; Kaylee Cook out at third 3b unassisted.
Gracie Gibson walked; Jordan Dean advanced to second; Taylor Martin advanced to third.
Carlee Brawley walked, RBI; Gracie Gibson advanced to second; Jordan Dean advanced to third; Taylor Martin scored, unearned.
Leah Huggins singled to right field, RBI; Carlee Brawley advanced to second; Gracie Gibson advanced to third; Jordan Dean scored.
Allie Baker doubled up the middle, 2 RBI; Leah Huggins advanced to third; Carlee Brawley scored; Gracie Gibson scored.
Ashley Collins to p for Christiana Marasa.
Sierrah McCarthy grounded out to 2b, RBI; Sydney Goertzen advanced to second; Allie Baker advanced to third; Leah Huggins scored.
Taylor Martin singled to left field.
Jordan Harris singled to right field.
Ashley Evans singled to pitcher; Jordan Harris advanced to second.
Leah Huggins homered down the lf line, RBI.
Hannah Smith walked; Cassidy Allen advanced to second.
Taylor Martin reached first on an error by ss.
Gracie Gibson walked; Taylor Martin advanced to second.
Krista Romine singled to right field.
Sydney Goertzen hit by pitch; Allie Baker advanced to second.
Casey Stanek to p for Ashley Collins.
Kaylee Cook singled to shortstop, RBI; Sydney Goertzen advanced to second; Allie Baker scored.
Brooklyn Nanney pinch hit for Taylor Nilsson.
Brooklyn Nanney singled to right field.
Taylor Nilsson to cf for Brooklyn Nanney.
Ragan Broome homered to right field, 2 RBI; Taylor Nilsson scored.
Casey Stanek singled up the middle.
Addison Harris pinch hit for Hannah Smith.
Jordan Harris singled through the right side; Casey Stanek advanced to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 65.51761
Retrieved Text: Cleanup always seemed to take forever, but finally, they arrived back at the firehouse and Taylor sat down to have her first coffee of the day. She was in the middle of preparing lunch, when squad returned and Severide entered the rec room.
“What happened to you?” Taylor inquired as she noticed the butterfly stitches above his eye.
Finishing up, she put everything on the counter and told everyone to help themselves. The next couple of hours were quiet, but eventually, another call came in and Taylor jumped into action. The manager of the hotel was already waiting when they arrived, leading them to the broken-down elevator and explaining what was going on.
“Taylor, harness up,” Casey instructed, earning a nod from Taylor and sorting out his own harness to back her up if need be.
“Harness and line secure,” Herrmann announced a few minutes later.
Moving over to the doors that had already been pried open, Taylor turned her back to them and waited for the all clear to descend. It wasn’t long before Mills’ voice crackled over the radio and she carefully made her way down the shaft, until she was standing on top of the cart.
“Is everything okay?” Taylor asked as she lifted the hatch.
“My girlfriend is having contractions,” one of the men answered in a panic.
“How’s it looking down there, Taylor?” Casey inquired.
“What do you want to do?” Casey added.
“I’m going to drop down and see what’s going on,” Taylor told him, disconnecting her line and carefully dropping down inside the cart.
Crouching down beside the hysterical mom

########
Rank: 9
Score: 65.45589
Retrieved Text: Spartacus (S03E23) is the twenty-third episode of season three of "Chicago Fire" released ... More Spartacus (S03E23) is the twenty-third episode of season three of "Chicago Fire" released on Tue May 12, 2015. Over 5,164 TV Time users rated it a 9.84/10 with their favorite characters being Taylor Kinney as Kelly Severide, Monica Raymund as Gabriela Dawson and Joe Minoso as Joe Cruz.
EXCUSE ME. Let's appreciate this again.
OMG!!! So, so much!!! I need them back so much!!!
Ok. This finale literally shot my feels down. I hated seeing 51 fighting and now I'm so happy. BUT! I have a confession to do: the two scenes with Severide and Dawson were amazing and I KNOW they're friends, so good friends, but... I admit that I thought for a moment (actually I'm still thinking about it) of how they would be cute together. Ok, sorry Casey. I have problems. hey, you're gonna be a dad, try to come back home as soon as you can cause there are a few problems to fix. AMAZING FINALE! vote: 9! See you at season 4!
Where is Matt Casey? Dawson is pregnant with his child!
- it hurt me to see the house divided like that. But Severide finally opened his eyes. They are a house again. Thank god.
- Casey. God Casey. But I know that the Cpd and intelliagce will have his back no matter what.
- Gabby. I am happy for them. But I didn't want the coming together because of a baby. It won't solve their problem.
He was so sweet pulling her

########
Rank: 10
Score: 65.411446
Retrieved Text: March 5, 2013 Oral Roberts at Wichita St.
Trevino, Jose struck out swinging, out at first c to 1b.
Bobbit, Cody singled to left field.
Wilson, Phillip to p for Giller, Kurt.
Parker, Dayne singled through the left side.
Bobbit, Cody singled to shortstop; Parker, Dayne advanced to second.
Bayliff, Garrett singled to pitcher, bunt; Bobbit, Cody advanced to second; Parker, Dayne advanced to third.
Gillaspie, Casey reached on a fielder's choice, RBI; Bayliff, Garrett advanced to second on a throwing error by 3b; Bobbit, Cody advanced to third; Parker, Dayne scored.
Baker, Tyler reached on a fielder's choice; Gillaspie, Casey advanced to second; Bayliff, Garrett advanced to third; Bobbit, Cody out at home 1b to c.
Coy, Johnny flied out to lf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Baker, Tyler advanced to second on a throwing error by lf; Gillaspie, Casey advanced to third; Bayliff, Garrett scored, unearned.
Harbutz, Erik doubled to right field, 2 RBI; Baker, Tyler scored, unearned; Gillaspie, Casey scored, unearned.
Tryon, Taylor to p for Wilson, Phillip.
Mucha, Mikel singled to center field.
Clement, Denny to p for Tryon, Taylor.
Gomez, Pepe to p for Clement, Denny.
Coy, Johnny singled through the right side.
Coy, Johnny advanced to second on a balk.
Gunter, Jeff to p for Gomez, Pepe.
Green, Micah reached on a fielder's choice; Harbutz, Erik advanced to second; Coy, Johnny out at third 3b unassisted.
Goro, Nate reached first on a fielding error by ss.
Domenico, Logan singled to center field; Goro, Nate advanced to third.
Brandy, Matt doubled to left center.
Williams, Chris grounded out to 3b, RBI; Brandy, Matt scored.
Colt, Austen to cf for Cho, Kevin.
Bayliff, Garrett singled through the right

########
Rank: 11
Score: 64.923225
Retrieved Text: Life of Ryan (also known as The Life of Ryan) is an MTV show following the life of pro skateboarder Ryan Sheckler.
Ryan: I'm Ryan Sheckler, I'm a senior from San Clemente, California. There's nothing I like more that playing big brother and kicking it with my close group of friends. But what keeps me away from being a normal teenager is, I'm a professional skateboarder.
Ryan: Girls take four hours to get ready. We skate, sweat, shower, go!
Ryan: I'll probably hate Mitch for a little bit. Again.
Cambria: You're gonna hate Mitch now?
Ryan: I am Ryan Sheckler. I'm a 17 year old professional skateboarder, and I'm just trying to be a normal kid.
Gretchen: What are you doing?
Kane: You sit right there. Get in the seat, Get, in, the seat.
Ryan: Join the cool people. I was waiting for these taco's all day.
Ryan: Are you excited for your party?
Ryan: Do you wanna wait 'til Saturday for me to give you your present, or tonight?
Ryan: Do you really wanna wait?
Kane: No. Why would I?
Taylor: What are you doing?
Taylor: Oh My God. How's everything with Tina? I just like talked to Casey, and everything seems a bit, kinda, not..
Taylor: Like Casey didn't tell me details but tell me like what happened, what are her parents like.
Ryan: What I heard was, her parents don't approve of my lifestyle, which they don't know my lifestyle.
Ryan: It's super frustrating, cause like all I wanna do is have fun, and have a chill girl.
Taylor: Cause, your okay I guess.
Tony: We could just ditch the girls and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 64.0627
Retrieved Text: Homes in Taylor Glen were built between 2001 to 2004 in the traditional style. The community is a Swimming Pool and Club house community located in the City of Milton, just North of Batesville Road and West of Birmingham Highway, North of the City of Alpharetta GA.
The average selling price for a home in Taylor Glen, at time os post, is $622,081.00 for a 5 bedroom, 5 and 1 half bathroom home. The average list price is between $549,000 to 737,500.
Builders in the community of Taylor Glen include Sp. Casey Construction, and Humphrys Construction Co. Inc.
Streets in the community include Taylor Glen Drive, Taylor Ridge Way, Taylor Valley Way, and Jordan Ridge Court.
Directions: GA 400/Exit 9 (Haynes Bridge Rd); go west on Haynes Bridge Road to Academy St; left on Academy; north on Main; left on Mayfield; right on Providence; right on Birmingham Hwy; left on Taylor Glen Drive.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 63.606846
Retrieved Text: Casey Taylor is Vice President and Mortgage Loan Officer. Casey grew up in Itasca, TX, where he met his high school sweetheart and wife, Krista, who he's known since he was 14. Drawn to the industry because of a desire to help people obtain the American Dream of homeownership, Casey has been in the mortgage business since 2009. He enjoys building relationships with his clients and helping them fulfill their dreams!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 63.393627
Retrieved Text: MacKINNON, Andrew singled to left field.
HARTMANN, Warren singled to right field, RBI; MacKINNON, Andrew scored.
THOMSON, Matthew reached first on a fielding error by ss.
MARTIN, Jake singled to center field.
Ty Raubenstine doubled to left field.
Taylor Luckenbill singled to pitcher, bunt; Ty Raubenstine advanced to third.
Dylan Glassmire grounded into double play 2b to ss to 1b; Taylor Luckenbill out on the play; Ty Raubenstine scored.
COLLINS, Danny singled to left field.
Nick Kennedy singled to pitcher, bunt.
Taylor Luckenbill singled to right field; Nick Kennedy advanced to third.
Dylan Glassmire singled to right field, RBI; Nick Kennedy scored.
Matt Smith to p for Casey Hood.
FLEMING, Quinn pinch hit for WOOD, Jacob.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 62.39468
Retrieved Text: WOODWARD,Trent reached first on an error by 3b.
WOODWARD,Trent advanced to second on a wild pitch.
Pinkston, Tanner singled through the right side; Williamson, Clay advanced to third.
Chapman, Matt doubled to right field, RBI; Pinkston, Tanner advanced to third; Williamson, Clay scored.
Olmedo-Barrera, Davi doubled down the rf line, 2 RBI; Davis, J.D. advanced to third; Chapman, Matt scored; Pinkston, Tanner scored.
Diemer, Austin out at first 2b to 1b, RBI; Olmedo-Barrera, Davi advanced to third; Davis, J.D. scored.
MARISCAL,Chris singled to center field.
Bryant, Taylor singled through the left side.
Bryant, Taylor advanced to third on a wild pitch.
Williamson, Clay singled up the middle, RBI; Bryant, Taylor scored.
Chapman, Matt singled through the left side, RBI; Williamson, Clay scored.
QUINN,Blake to p for LAMBERT,Jimmy.
WOODWARD,Trent singled up the middle.
LUPLOW,Jordan doubled down the lf line, advanced to third on the throw, RBI; WOODWARD,Trent scored.
MEDRANO,Jesse to ss for DOBSON,Ryan.
Chambers, Miles to p for Gauna, Koby.
VIERS,Kevin singled through the right side.
RUSSELL,Brody singled to left field.
Chapman, Matt stole second; Dale, Keegan stole third.
Hockin, Chad to p for Chambers, Miles.
MUNRO,William to p for QUINN,Blake.
Olmedo-Barrera, Davi singled through the right side.
Dale, Keegan singled to third base, bunt.
RODRIGUEZ,Casey to p for MUNRO,William.
MUNDELL,Garrett to p for RODRIGUEZ,Casey.
Chapman, Matt singled to left field, RBI; Pinkston, Tanner advanced to second; Dale, Keegan scored.
Davis, J.D. singled to shortstop; Chapman, Matt advanced to second; Pinkston, Tanner advanced to third.
SCHLICHTHOLZ,Fred to p for MUNDELL,Garrett.
Kennedy, A.J. singled to center field.
Bryant, Taylor doubled to left center, RBI; Kennedy, A.J. scored.
Peitzmeier, Tyler to p for Hockin, Chad.
PRIOR,Joe pinch hit for GUIBOR,Austin.
TEMPEL,Taylor pinch ran for PRIOR,Joe.
LUPLOW,Jordan singled to left field.
Coronado, Christian to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 61.806847
Retrieved Text: 0:00 Sarah LaClair at goalie for Lasell College.
07:14 Shot by Lasell College Casey Meissner, Save (by goalie) Lauren Goodspeed.
07:25 Corner kick by Lasell College Casey Meissner [07:25].
08:28 Corner kick by Lasell College Erika Badger [08:28].
11:44 Substitution!Rivier substitution: Emma Schoenbeck for Brittany Fletcher.
14:06 Substitution!Lasell College substitution: Olivia Austin for Haleigh Butler.
17:35 Shot by Lasell College Casey Meissner, Save (by goalie) Lauren Goodspeed.
20:32 Corner kick by Lasell College Casey Meissner [20:32].
20:45 Corner kick by Lasell College Casey Meissner [20:45].
21:07 Corner kick by Lasell College Casey Meissner [21:07].
21:35 Substitution!Lasell College substitution: Sarah Cullen for Erin Petrocelli.
23:33 Offside against Lasell College.
24:48 Substitution!Rivier substitution: Sierra Rogers for Emily Edwards.
24:48 Substitution!Lasell College substitution: Morgan Pinksten for Casey Meissner.
25:27 Shot by Rivier Keara Sheehan, Wide.
26:31 Substitution!Rivier substitution: Shaely Porrini for Nicole Godschall.
26:31 Substitution!Lasell College substitution: Sophia DiPlacido for Melissa Vasquez.
33:52 Shot by Lasell College Morgan Pinksten, Save (by goalie) Lauren Goodspeed.
34:33 Substitution!Lasell College substitution: Paige Meissner for Carly Zdanek.
36:11 Shot by Lasell College Sarah Cullen, Wide.
36:14 Substitution!Rivier substitution: Cheyanne Keets for Taylor Cook.
37:41 Shot by Lasell College Emma Papile, Wide.
43:26 Shot by Lasell College Paige Meissner, Wide.
45:44 Shot by Lasell College Melissa Vasquez, Save (by goalie) Lauren Goodspeed.
52:57 Substitution!Rivier substitution: Taylor Cook for Shaely Porrini.
55:59 Corner kick by Lasell College Casey Meissner [55:59].
57:05 Shot by Lasell College Melissa Vasquez, Wide.
59:17 Substitution!Lasell College substitution: Sophia DiPlacido for Melissa Vasquez.
62:14 Substitution!Rivier substitution: Stephanie Case for Sierra Rogers.
62:14 Substitution!Rivier substitution: Madison Sharpe for Emily Edwards.
68:40 Substitution!Lasell College substitution: Rachel Hogan for Payten Walker.
69:58 Substitution!Lasell College substitution: Erin Petrocelli for Erika Badger.
70:44 Substitution!Lasell College substitution: Erin Sgombick

########
Rank: 17
Score: 61.580017
Retrieved Text: The Witch actress Anya Taylor-Joy recently reprised her role of Casey in Glass, the M. Night Shyamalan-directed film which acts as a sequel to both the Taylor-Joy-starring Split and the filmmaker’s Bruce Willis- and Samuel L. Jackson-starring, 2000 superhero tale, Unbreakable. But when the actress made Split, she had no idea the movie was connected to Unbreakable, something which is only revealed in the closing seconds of the former film.
Taylor-Joy can currently be seen alongside Olivia Cooke and the late Anton Yelchin in the just-released psychological thriller, Thoroughbreds. Watch the trailer for Thoroughbreds above.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 61.119057
Retrieved Text: Galeno, Joey singled to right field; Legeza, Derek advanced to third.
Ridgway, Derek flied out to rf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Legeza, Derek scored.
Anderson, Chase singled through the right side; Galeno, Joey advanced to second.
Wright, Dylan singled, advanced to second on a throwing error by 3b, advanced to third.
Ridgway, Derek flied out to lf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Wright, Dylan scored.
Henderson, B. singled down the lf line, RBI; Anderson, Chase scored.
Condreay, Joel singled to right center.
Bailey, Tyler singled to center field; Condreay, Joel advanced to second.
Phelan, JT singled down the lf line, RBI; Bailey, Tyler advanced to second; Condreay, Joel scored.
Sugrue, Ian singled to center field.
Nerud, Nicholas singled to right center.
Wright, Dylan singled to shortstop.
Wright, Dylan advanced to third on a throwing error by p, scored, unearned.
run-scoring play in B5 was failed pick-off attempt; pitcher slipped.
and then threw the ball away.
Crosby, Darren to p for Thomas, Brett.
Henderson, B. singled to pitcher.
Amundson, Austin singled through the left side; Henderson, B. advanced to second.
Chung, Dallas reached on a fielder's choice to pitcher; Amundson, Austin advanced to second; Henderson, B. out at third p to 3b.
Galeno, Joey singled up the middle.
Ridgway, Derek doubled to right center, RBI; Galeno, Joey scored.
Anderson, Chase singled to left field; Ridgway, Derek advanced to third.
Poffenroth, Taylor singled through the left side; Nerud, Nicholas advanced to second.
Condreay, Joel singled to left field; Poffenroth, Taylor advanced to second; Nerud, Nicholas advanced to third.
Angyus, Joey to p for Brown, Casey.
Condreay, Joel advanced to second on a wild pitch; Poffenroth, Taylor advanced to third; Nerud, Nicholas scored.
Bailey, Tyler grounded out to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 60.988945
Retrieved Text: Tavin Thompson hit by pitch.
Taylor McCracken singled to right center.
Matt Brown singled up the middle, RBI; Taylor McCracken scored.
Sam Roberts singled to left field.
Tyler Wise singled to center field.
David Scott singled, advanced to second; Tyler Wise advanced to second, advanced to third on an error by cf.
Taylor McCracken singled to left field, RBI; David Scott advanced to third; Tyler Wise scored, unearned.
Casey Bell doubled down the rf line, RBI; Tavin Thompson scored.
Cain Sauls walked; Casey Bell stole third.
Ross James to p for Jake Cook.
Blake Butcher walked; Cain Sauls advanced to second.
Nathan Qualls doubled to right field.
Jacob Drescher singled to third base, reached to second on an error by 3b, RBI; Nathan Qualls scored.
Keith Sims struck out swinging, out at c to 1b.
Josh Smith to p for Austin Brown.
Matt Brown singled to second base.
Matt Brown advanced to second on a wild pitch.
Nathan Qualls singled to left center.
Tyler Wise walked; Nathan Qualls advanced to second.
J. Fleckenstein to p for Josh Smith.
Jacob Drescher flied out to cf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Nathan Qualls scored.
Easton Fuller to p for Ross James.
James Poropatic to lf for Kyle Gutowski.
Jack Rhodes singled to pitcher.
Sam Roberts flied out to cf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Jack Rhodes scored.
A.J. Hunt struck out swinging, out at p to 1b.
Brayden Housel to rf for Nathan Qualls.
Austin Perez to p for J. Fleckenstein.
Brayden Housel hit by pitch.
Ross Anderson to 1b for Tyler Wise.
Ross Anderson doubled down the rf line; Brayden Housel advanced to third.
David Scott singled to left field, RBI; Ross Anderson advanced to third; Brayden Housel scored.
David Scott advanced to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 60.941975
Retrieved Text: Casey Hanson, 21, and her friend Megan Taylor, 24, cut short their four-week holiday in Southeast Asia with four other friends last Tuesday and left Thailand immediately. Hanson, who is based in Sydney, returned to her parents’ home in West Melton on Saturday, while Taylor headed to Canada, but it could have been a different story as they had been within “an inch of going to jail for 84 days” to await a first court appearance for trying to use the fake currency.
Hanson said the group withdrew US$1000 (NZ$1135) at Vientiane International Airport in Laos on June 30 and US$300 of that was changed into kip, the local currency. The group spent seven days in the country before travelling to Bangkok where Hanson and Taylor exchanged US$100 into Thai baht before heading to a mall to exchange a further US$500. At the mall, red flags were raised about the authenticity of their cash.
“When we arrived at the police station they searched us completely and took our mug shots . . . at that stage I didn’t think it was that serious and just all part of the process when this happened,” Hanson said.
Taylor’s bag was searched at their hotel and the New Zealand Embassy was called in with a translator.
ANXIOUS WAIT- Kiwi tourist Casey Hanson, 21, sits in a Thai police station after being caught in possession of counterfeit US American currency.
After six nervous hours the situation escalated when they were handed a list of lawyers and told it was very likely they would both be

########
Rank: 21
Score: 60.885067
Retrieved Text: Taking their name from a minor character (and a highly collectable action figure) in the Star Wars universe, Blue Snaggletooth were formed in 2009 by guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter Chris “Box” Taylor, a Michigan-based musician who has previously worked with cosmic punks Mazinga, powerful retro-rockers the Avatars, and Powertrane, a soulful hard rock band led by Michigan rock legend Scott Morgan. Looking to connect with his influences in hard rock and vintage metal, Taylor teamed up with guitarist Jess Willyard, bassist Ian Harris, and drummer Ian “Pit Viper” Sugierski to form the first lineup of Blue Snaggletooth. After making a name for themselves on the Midwest club circuit, Blue Snaggletooth released their first album, Dimension Thule, in August 2011. While Dimension Thule was enthusiastically reviewed and fared well enough to sell out its initial press run, personal commitments led to the band splintering not long after the album was released. Undaunted, Taylor soon assembled a new lineup that’s even heavier and more impressive than the first – featuring Casey O’Ryan on guitar, Joe Kupiec on bass, and Mike Popovich on drums.
Guitarist Casey O’Ryan and bassist Joe Kupiec are rock & roll prodigies steeped in hard rock and classic boogie – as Taylor says, “They’re not brothers, but they should be,” and they give the band groove, energy, force, and powerful commitment. (In the grand tradition of everyone in Black Flag getting a tattoo of The Bars, O’Ryan has already gotten himself inked with Blue Snaggletooth’s artwork.) With Mike Popovich bringing the heavy behind the kit and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 60.46434
Retrieved Text: Bellacina by Casey Key, located in Nokomis, is one of the best-selling developments of national builder Taylor Morrison. Its market success is largely due to the Esplanade active adult lifestyle concept that this Scottsdale, Arizona-based builder has again employed in this community. As a result, this development has turned out as a fast-rising search destination for Sarasota homes for sale in South County.
So appreciable is the market absorption of Bellacina homes for sale that Taylor Morrison in late 2017 began pursuit of adding 13.5 acres to this community’s original 165 acres. In this expansion move, the builder is likewise seeking a rezoning to allow more home density in the additional acreage. If approved, this plan could add up to 60 more units to the current 302 Bellacina residences.
Sales at Bellacina began in early 2016, with Taylor Morrison offering a selection of single-family homes and detached villas. The high salability of these residences owes much to Bellacina’s prime location. Its primary access is State Road 681 near where this highway begins at an interchange with U.S. 41 and State Road 45.
Mission Valley Golf & Country Club and Calusa Lakes Golf Club border Bellacina towards east. This setting is a perfect complement to the adult active lifestyle in Bellacina which weaves around lush and mature trees, a serene lake, and nature preserves.
An amenity center teeming with resort-type facilities is one magnet to prospective buyers of Bellacina homes for sale. This community hub provides a catering kitchen, gathering room, library and a gym with modern fitness equipment.
The center’s facilities

########
Rank: 23
Score: 60.442245
Retrieved Text: Coy, Johnny singled to right field; Bayliff, Garrett advanced to third.
Gillaspie, Casey singled, RBI; Coy, Johnny advanced to second on an error by 2b, advanced to third; Bayliff, Garrett scored.
Lambert, Don homered, 3 RBI; Gillaspie, Casey scored; Coy, Johnny scored.
Davidson, Walker reached first on an error by ss.
Bayliff, Garrett singled; Harbutz, Erik advanced to second; Davidson, Walker advanced to third.
Hege, Ryan singled to right field.
Parker, Dayne singled to right field; Hege, Ryan advanced to third.
Mike Torrence to p for Joe Spring.
Hall, Kevin singled to left field.
Harbutz, Erik singled to right field; Hall, Kevin advanced to third.
Bayliff, Garrett walked; Harbutz, Erik advanced to second.
Lambert, Don walked, RBI; Bayliff, Garrett advanced to second; Harbutz, Erik advanced to third; Hall, Kevin scored.
Green, Micah pinch ran for Lambert, Don.
Dan Martony to p for Mike Torrence.
Hege, Ryan doubled to right field, 2 RBI; Green, Micah advanced to third; Bayliff, Garrett scored; Harbutz, Erik scored.
Brandon King singled; Nate Goro advanced to third.
McGreevy, TJ to p for Gardner, Kris.
Jake O'Brien grounded into double play ss to 2b to 1b, RBI; Brandon King out on the play; Nate Goro scored.
Tim ZuFall to p for Dan Martony.
Green, Micah singled; Gillaspie, Casey advanced to second.
Hege, Ryan homered, 3 RBI; Green, Micah scored; Gillaspie, Casey scored.
Hall, Kevin advanced to second on a balk.
Tyler Coker pinch hit for Austen Colt.
Doggett, Taylor pinch hit for Bayliff, Garrett.
Coy, Johnny singled to right field.
Baker, Tyler pinch ran for Coy, Johnny.
Green, Micah singled to right field.
Hege, Ryan walked; Green, Micah advanced to second.
Rainey, Drew to p for McGreevy, TJ.
Bennett Pickar hit by

########
Rank: 24
Score: 60.328503
Retrieved Text: Bellacina by Casey Key is an Esplanade community that has broken ground in Nokomis, Florida. The beauty of this maintenance-free community is not just it's resort-style amenities but also it's accessibility to local beaches and I-75. Read more about Bellacina by Casey Key.
Bellacina by Casey Key is a Taylor Morrison community under constructed on roughly 165 acres. Previously cattle land and pastures, all 300 single-family and detached villa homes enjoy the community's tranquil lake, mature vegetation and natural preserve. Residents of this gated community have a number of private resort-style amenities including a fitness center, catering kitchen, library and gathering room. Outdoor amenities include a heated lagoon pool with spa, dog park, lighted bocce and sports courts, fire pit and more. Currently, there are 7 different models to chose from with many standard and upgraded features available. The wildly successful Esplanade in Lakewood Ranch and Esplanade by Siesta Key will give you a taste of what you can expect in Bellacina by Casey Key.
Living the casual Florida lifestyle can easily be achieved at Bellacina by Casey Key. Lining the east side of the community is direct access to the Legacy Trail, a 10-mile paved trail ideal for biking, jogging or a nice easy stroll. Golf enthusiasts will love all the courses and clubs located nearby plus Nokomis Beach is just over three miles away. Bordering Tamiami Trail and Florida Road 681, commuting to Sarasota or visiting Venice is a piece of cake. Everything from major shopping centers, cultural venues, medical facilities, and airports are just minutes

########
Rank: 25
Score: 60.28769
Retrieved Text: The ScanEagle unmanned aircraft system, or UAS — what some would call a drone — has been monitoring the Taylor Creek Fire west of Grants Pass every night for over two weeks.
GRANTS PASS — Kale Casey almost can't believe what a metal bird 5 feet long, weighing 44 pounds with wings spanning 10 feet, can do to help fight a wildfire.
"For eight hours a night, without getting tired, without needing a meal ... scanning the landscape, mapping, searching for hotspots," Casey, a fire information officer for the Taylor Creek Fire, reeled off. "It's by far the most impressive tool I've seen in my wildfire career. It's the best friend a firefighter could have."
The ScanEagle unmanned aircraft system, or UAS — what some would call a drone — has been monitoring the Taylor Creek Fire west of Grants Pass every night for over two weeks. It also spent time on the Grave Creek Fire north of Wimer, and has logged 110 flight hours in 16 flights, according to ScanEagle.
This isn't a toy from a department store. More like a possible mini-revolution in firefighting.
"At some point you'll have an unmanned system over every fire," said Paul Allen, account manager for Insitu, a company based in the Columbia River Gorge town of Bingen, Washington that makes the ScanEagle. "We can operate in conditions where it's really hazardous for manned aircraft."
Three of the people on site were Insitu aircraft operators and were led by Ty Sibley, who's worked with the company's drones for nine years.
"We're all real pilots, too," Sibley

########
Rank: 26
Score: 60.181232
Retrieved Text: A number of respected community leaders advised District 8 City Councilman Ron Nirenberg not to challenge Mayor Ivy Taylor in the mayor’s race. She had not, they said, made enough mistakes to be vulnerable.
But after winning a strong 37 percent against her 42 percent in the first round of voting, Nirenberg is very much in contention in the runoff.
Ron Nirenberg joins Rick Casey in the KLRN studio to talk about the mayoral race.
Evan Smith, cheif executive officer of the Texas Tribune, joins Rick Casey from Austin to discuss the twisted, late-session tale of the controversial bathroom bill and what that tale says about the state's leadership.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 60.15304
Retrieved Text: All of these tracks are also available on three CD volumes. Read about new Transatlantic Sessions releases coming soon.
The double DVD of the complete fourth television series of The Transatlantic Sessions, as recently screened on BBC TV. Folk musicians come together in what have been called 'the greatest backporch shows ever'.
Shetland fiddle virtuoso Aly Bain and dobro ace Jerry Douglas host a Highland gathering of the cream of Nashville, Irish and Scottish talent, filmed at the splendid old hunting lodge in Glenlyon in the Scottish Highlands - bags of atmosphere and a great acoustic.
Artists include James Taylor, Julie Fowlis, Dan 'Man of Constant Sorrow' Tyminski, Jerry Douglas, Aly Bain, Allan MacDonald, Martha Wainwright, Mairead ni Mhaonaigh, Karen Matheson, Donal Lunny, Rosanne Cash, Emily Smith, Mike McGoldrick, Dezi Donnelly, Alison Moorer, Karen Casey, Liam O'Maonlai, Stuart Duncan and Ronan Browne.
DVD1: programmes 1-3 plus a 30min behind-the-scenes feature.
DVD2: programmes 4-6 plus four bonus tracks and Sessions4 Slideshow.
Director Mike Alexander and producer Douglas Eadie - a Pelicula Films production for BBC Scotland, BBC Four and RTE.
Programme One: Fiddle Blast - The Teetotaller / Lorn MacDonald's Reel / High Road To Linton (Aly Bain, Stuart Duncan, Mairéad Ni Mhaonaigh & Jenna Reid) * Man Of Constant Sorrow (Dan Tyminski) * How She Does It (Allison Moorer with Stuart Duncan) * Glide (Jerry Douglas) * Ged A Sheòl Mi Air M' Aineol (Julie Fowlis) * Millworker (James Taylor) * Jewels Of The Ocean (Allan MacDonald).
Programme Two: Bleeding All Over You (Martha Wainwright) * O'Farrell's Farewell To Limerick / Oot By The

########
Rank: 28
Score: 59.623455
Retrieved Text: Cody Schmitz singled, advanced to second on an error by rf.
Kyle Ferret singled, advanced to third on an error by rf.
Jeff Butler singled; Casey Bennet advanced to second.
Cody Schmitz walked; Jeff Butler advanced to second; Casey Bennet advanced to third.
Slate Miller singled, RBI; Cody Schmitz out at second cf to 3b; Jeff Butler advanced to third; Casey Bennet scored.
Kyle Jones singled; Nicolas Mars advanced to second.
Kyle Jones advanced to third on a wild pitch.
Sean Whitema reached on an error by 3b; Kyle Jones scored on the error, unearned.
Cody Schmitz tripled, scored on an error by cf, 2 RBI, unearned; Jeff Butler scored; Casey Bennet scored.
Michael Farr to p for Jason Deitri.
Soloman Will advanced to second on a passed ball.
Kyle Jones hit by pitch.
Kyle Ferret grounded out to p, SF, RBI; Brandon Cody scored.
Taylor Ohl to p for Tyler Brashe.
Mitchell Moo to p for Michael Farr.
Frank Califa to dh for Nicolas Mars.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 59.398
Retrieved Text: Naomi Sapp singled to left center.
Alexis Grampp hit by pitch.
Emily Hester doubled to left field; Alexis Grampp advanced to third.
Grayson Brown flied out to lf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Emily Hester advanced to third; Alexis Grampp scored.
Taylor Johnson singled to left center.
Brittney Franse singled up the middle, RBI, advanced to second on the throw; Taylor Johnson scored.
Sam Hogan doubled to right center.
Haley Cashwell singled through the left side; Sam Hogan advanced to third.
Naomi Sapp singled up the middle, RBI; Haley Cashwell advanced to second; Sam Hogan scored.
Mary Claire Coyne homered to right center, 3 RBI; Naomi Sapp scored; Haley Cashwell scored.
Emily Hester singled through the left side.
Jordan Floyd doubled to right center.
Jordan Floyd singled to left field.
Grayson Brown singled to left center; Emily White advanced to second.
Tori West pinch ran for Grayson Brown.
Sammie West singled up the middle, RBI; Tori West advanced to second; Emily White scored.
Caitlyn Brinkley pinch ran for Taylor Johnson.
Emma Casey singled down the lf line, RBI; Caitlyn Brinkley advanced to second; Tori West scored.
Anna Alloway doubled to left center, RBI; Bree Whitson advanced to third, out at home cf to ss to c; Caitlyn Brinkley scored.
Morgan Mahaffey to rf for Anna Alloway.
Grayson Brown to dp for Tori West.
Taylor Johnson to 3b for Caitlyn Brinkley.

================



======= Instance Index 18081 =========
Input Text: Context: Taylor started to learn karate after signing up at his local karate school taught by a fifth degree black belt.

Question: Why did Taylor do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: practice in order to become better at karate

B: wanted to become a ninja

C: wanted to get in better physical shape

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 73.17991
Retrieved Text: Mike began Karate training in 1972 in St. Catharines Ont. under a Wado-Kai dojo in Port Dalhousie, St. Catharines run by Sensei Ron Krayewski. Sensei Ron Krayewski was a student of Sensei Masaru Shintani, and was also affiliated with Sensei Ryokichi Katano in Lock Port New York.
Mike attended about 5 classes per week and by the time he was a green belt, he was coming to every class before the students to prepare the dojo for the class. This entailed washing the tile floor and cleaning the mirrors. Karate was his life from an early age.
Mike obtained his brown belt and began a Karate program at a prestigious boarding school in St. Catharines called Ridley College. Mike ran the program for two years until he graduated from high school.
Mike also had the honour of personally meeting Hironori Ōtsuka, the founder of Wado-Ryu, before he died in 1982.
Mike achieved his Sho Dan in Wado-Ryu in 1978 from Sensei Ryokichi Katano in Lockport New York.
After obtaining his Bachelor of Mathematics from the University of Waterloo, Mike moved to Kitchener, and in 1999 started training in Shuko-Kai Shito-Ryu Karate-Do.
Mike taught a couple classes per week at the Shuko-Kai dojo in Waterloo. Mike also ran the Karate program at the YMCA in Kitchener for two years.
Mike obtained his Go Dan in Shuko-Kai in 2012 from Soke Kunio Miyake.
Mike has attended many seminars and instructor training sessions from Soke Miyake at the Shuko-Kai International head quarters in McAllen Texas.
Mike currently holds a Roku Dan (6th degree) in Miyake Karate-Do Shuko-Kai, a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 70.98422
Retrieved Text: The Eugene School of Karate was started in the fall of 1992 by Albert Roy. He trained and taught for his instructor Morris Mack, in Yakima, Washington for many years before moving to the Eugene-Springfield metroplex to continue his post-graduate work.
Albert holds a 5th dan black belt in Shudokan karate. He also has a master’s degree in teaching methodologies, a Bachelor of Arts in school health education and a Bachelor of Science in physical education. He has over 41 years experience training, teaching, coaching, competing and refereeing at both the local and international level. In addition, he and his staff are certified in first aid and CPR for your safety.
Eugene School Karate was birthed out of a desire to build a karate school built on values such as education, personal development, innovation, quality and passion. These guiding values have helped them to develop a successful and unique style of student-centered instruction where classes are taught in a respectful and caring matter.
Katelyn is a Nidan, second degree black belt, has been training for eleven years, and enjoys it immensely. She started in our homeschool classes as a young child and is now in college. She loves mathematics and cats too.
Grace is a Shodan, or first degree black belt. She started as a small child in our homeschool program.
Grace is a Cadet Sergeant with the Central Aid Agency, working in both their rapid response group and as a leader of the Cadet Corps. She graduates high school this year and enjoys kayaking, climbing, camping, hiking, and pets.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 65.36657
Retrieved Text: The Karate Institute of America is an open martial arts association that welcomes members from all different martial arts styles to participate in our tournaments and events. Centered in Cleveland, Ohio, the Detroit Metropolitan area and Houghton, MI.
The KI currently has 12 member schools, generally comprised of the Tang Soo Do and Kajukenpo styles. However, the Karate Institute does not attempt to control or otherwise influence the specific curriculum of member schools. Rather, the KI strives to provide programs that are beneficial for all schools regardless of their specific style of martial art or curriculum.
the KI has members and hosts tournaments and events throughout the Midwest. In addition to individual membership, schools that desire a more official association may join the Karate Institute as a member school. Member schools enjoy the benefits of the Karate Institute’s instructor certification programs and other programs.
The Karate Institute was formed by AlGene Paulo Caraulia in 1969. Caraulia was born in Wahiawa, on the island of Oahu, in the then U.S. territory of Hawaii on December 22, 1940. Grandmaster Caraulia began studying Aikido, in which he eventually received his brown belt, and Judo in 1954 after receiving a bruised shoulder in a playground fight.
Later, Caraulia enrolled in karate classes at the local YMCA which was one of Adriano Emperado’s Kajukenbo clubs. Caraulia also taught karate classes at the Chicago Karate Center while studying Judo under Gene Wyka, where he attained his 2nd degree black belt in Kodokan Judo.
In 1963, the USKA promoted the first World Karate Championship Tournament. Caraulia had intended

########
Rank: 3
Score: 65.342125
Retrieved Text: Mike and Karen Valentine are true examples of people who work to improve their professional skills and live their personal values more than almost anyone you could hope to meet.
Hi, I am Mike Valentine. I am the founder, co-owner and head instructor of Practical Martial Arts, formerly Marin Karate Kids. I am a sixth degree black belt under Dave Kovar and a BJJ Black Belt under Clovis Silva. I have been actively training in martial arts for over 40 years.
I started martial arts in Falls Church, Virginia. I was one of those very young six year olds. I was the kid whose belt falls off, fingers are in his mouth and whose focus is everywhere but where it should be. I was asked to leave in order to mature a little bit. I returned at age nine and have been training ever since. I spent the better part of my youth competing in tournaments, watching kung fu, and waiting for my mystical Bruce Lee powers to appear. Point fighting lead to full contact which in turn lead to several years competing in amateur boxing. I attended San Fransisco State University, College of Marin and U.C. Berkeley studying Psychology and Sociology.
In 1996 I met and fell in love with Karen; we run the dojo together as a team. We have two boys, Milo and Levi, who fill our lives with love and challenges. Boy, did that bring us an all new level of empathy for the parents in my school!
My training over the last four decades has

########
Rank: 4
Score: 64.09955
Retrieved Text: Our Founder, O Sensei Mark Pearlman began his martial arts training in May of 1988. He quickly moved up the ranks and earned his 1st black belt in 1990. Since then he has achieved 5th degree black belt ranking in karate and 4th degree black belt ranking in Judo. Because he is the head of a recognized system he was awarded his 7th degree black belt in both Shobukan Karate and Shobukan Judo/Jujutsu from The World Organizer of Martial Arts in Saudi Arabia and the Philippines. He has been elected a Fellow of The Institute of Martial Arts and Sciences in London, England. When he began his journey in the arts he was 44 years of age, proving that you are never too old to learn.
Current Owner and Chief Instructor Shihan Allen F. Majane began his martial arts journey under Mr. Pearlman in February of 1991, earning black belt ranking in 1995 in Karate and 1996 in Jujutsu. By 1998 he was the highest ranking student in Shobukan Karate and had earned his Instructors Certificate. In 2006 Mr. Majane also became Shobukan's top Jujutsu student and began teaching full time at both Hombu (Headquarters in Hampden) as well as after school and satellite programs. In December of 2015, O Sensei Pearlman retired, granting Mr. Majane the title of Shihan ("Teacher of teachers") and promoting him to the grade of Rokudan (6th degree black belt). Mr. Majane is also a competitive runner and recently completed his first full marathon at age 52.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 63.824116
Retrieved Text: Robert L White was born July 14, 1939. He grew up in Pennsylvania, but for most of his adult life has called Michigan home. He attended Western Michigan University where he played football and studied to be a teacher. After graduation, be taught science and history in Junior High School and High School.
He played football professionally as a linebacker for the Grand Rapids Blazers of the World Football League. Besides playing football and teaching, Bob White also worked as a salesman for Charles Pfizer, and later for Bristol-Meyers Squibb.
His love of contact sports eventually led him to Sensei Jim McLain at the Grand Rapids YMCA in 1965. Sensei McLain was a top student of Grand Master Robert Trias, founder of the USKA, and the first person to open a karate dojo in the United States (in 1946 in Phoenix, Arizona).
Master White joined McLain's dojo and rose to the rank of Brown Belt in the Shorei-ryu style of karate before Sensei McLain moved away.
Afterwards, Mr. White went from school to school searching for the real karate he was after. He finally found it in Detroit, at an Isshin-Ryu school founded by Ken Pittaway and taught by Doug Noxon and Willie Adams. He earned his Shodan in 1970, and his Ni-Dan in 1971, with certificates signed by Grand Master Tatsuo Shimabuku.
He studied with such other notable Isshin-Ryu Masters as Norbert Donnelly, Bill Pogue, Angi Uezu, and Kichiro Shimabuku. Bob White has studied and taught Isshinryu ever since, though he has expanded his interests by learning from such accomplished

########
Rank: 6
Score: 62.955494
Retrieved Text: Develop a “Yes I Can” positive attitude through this fun and exciting karate program. Karate will improve your child in areas of self-discipline, self-confidence, habits, attitudes, fitness, motor skills, focus and concentration skills. This class covers basic level kicks, blocks and strikes, as well as formal and informal techniques. On the last day of class, students test for their next belt level. The test will include their color belt, certificate and requirements for their next belt.
Dynamic karate instructor Irwin Carmichael has studied karate for over 30 years and taught at Providence Day School in their Summer Programs since 1998. He is a ninth-degree black belt in Kempo Karate and oversees several martial arts schools in the Charlotte, NC area. Sensei Eliza Newell is a third degree black belt in Shorinji Kempo Karate, a level 4 in Balintawak Arnis, and is ranked in Brazilian Jujitsu.
Campers should wear comfortable clothing; karate uniform is optional. Drop-off and pick-up in the carpool loop.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 62.71533
Retrieved Text: Odayaka Martial Arts Studio opened in Chardon, Ohio in 1995 as a locally owned and operated, non-franchised school. We are the longest-running teaching martial arts school in the Chardon area. The primary purpose of Odayaka is to teach and practice Shorei-ryu karate, a traditonal Okinawan empty-hand style that developed from antique Okinawan Naha-te and has roots in Chinese Shaolin Temple Boxing. At Odayaka, karate is taught for real people, in real life situations. We believe that people of all ages can benefit from the study of karate and develop useful skills for handling situations that occur in normal life as well as critical situations requiring serious attention.
The student body is made up of adults as well as elementary, middle, high school and home school students. The social atmosphere of Odayaka is overwhelmingly supportive, family friendly and helpful to all students. We welcome beginners as well as transfer students from other styles.
The curriculum is oriented toward training in practical self-defense as well as martial arts for fitness, mental clarity, self-improvement and art form. Additionally, many mature students study Shorei-ryu as a path toward personal enlightenment.
James Brumbaugh, hachidan (8th degree black belt) is head instructor and co-founded Odayaka Martial Arts Studio in Chardon, Ohio in 1995. He has over 50 years of experience teaching and studying martial arts and is certified by Kondo No Shokai, the international organization for preservation of Shorei-ryu karate. Brumbaugh, sensei originally practiced judo, followed later by the study of taekwondo and then karate, receiving his shodan in 1979. His goal is to promote

########
Rank: 8
Score: 62.58743
Retrieved Text: Danger always lurks nearby. What will you do? What do you know about self defense?
Take Control! Walk with Confidence! Learn self defense karate.
We practice traditional, practical and proven effective Okinawan self defense karate that is based on natural body movements rather than strength and power. This enables the smaller and weaker to easily defend themselves against larger and stronger attackers. We cooperate with each other in class rather than compete so we improve our techniques every day. Our small class size and beautiful new dojo (constructed by our members) evokes a serene sense of classes in an Okinawan Karate School.
Our members lose weight, reduce stress, improve self control, dramatically boost self defense skills, get beach body ready, and most importantly have FUN. People enter class with a smile and leave with a smile.
Our 8th degree instructor has 35+ years experience teaching US Marines, US Embassy Security Officials, foreign security operatives and people just like you. Since 1979 Our instructor has trained directly with Grand Master Seikichi Iha, one of the most senior Okinawan Karate Grand Masters. He just received the Expertise Honor of Best Karate Instructor in the Washington DC Area for 2017.
Our adult/teen classes are 7 pm Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, plus 9 am Saturday.
While we focus on adult instruction we do have a kids class along with a simultaneous parents/adult class on Tuesday and Thursday at 5:30 pm. Our children's instructor is a 2nd Degree black belt who loves teaching kids and adults the joy of karate movements.
Revealing effective self defense using

########
Rank: 9
Score: 62.34469
Retrieved Text: Mr. Suggs is a 4th Level Black Belt in the American Society of Karate and recognized as a YonDan 4th Dan in the Bill Wallace Superfoot System.
Mr. Suggs started karate in 1988 with Master Bill Gray in Houston.
His primary concern is for the children.
To have a place that is safe and fun while learning the American Karate Martial Arts.
To have local tournaments for all Martial Arts Styles.
My son , Mr. David Gray, is a 2nd Level Black Belt in the American Society of Karate and is recognized as a Nidan 2nd Dan in the Bill Wallace Superfoot System.
He started Karate in 1997. He was 10 and started in the junior class. He made his way to Red Belt before starting all over as a white belt in the adult class. he attained his 2nd Degree in 2006.
David has 5 of his children in our classes today.
My daughter, Mrs. Nowell, is a 2nd Level Black Belt in the American Society of Karate and is recognized as a Nidan 2nd Dan in the Bill Wallace Superfoot System.
She started Karate in 1997. She was 13 and started in the Adult class. She attained her first Black belt in 2002 and her 2nd degree in 2006.
She is our Elite Demo Team Instructor as well. The last venture to the Austin Finals the team all brought home first place trophies.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 62.17263
Retrieved Text: Martial Instructor - Boca Raton Karate & Kickboxing Academy (formerly Tiger&Dragon Boca) is run by Black Belt, Sensei Douglas Tate. Sensei Doug grew up in Ohio, under the tutelage of his uncle, Mark Miller, 9TH degree black belt in Tracy’s Kenpo Karate. Doug Tate began his martial arts training and teaching at the age of 8 with Mark Miller and his 11 Tracy’s Kenpo Karate schools in the Cleveland, Ohio area. Doug Tate holds rank in Kenpo and multi-style karate systems and is a certified shootfighting instructor. Doug has been studying the martial arts over 17 years and has taught Kenpo 4 years as an instructor in Ohio. Since living in Florida, Tate continues his studies and has opened the Boca Karate & Kickboxing Academy in July of 2009.
It’s a very good idea to get and stay in functional, healthy shape. It’s a good idea to get a good coach and great training partners, as the community you’re in strengthens your own practice. It’s a good idea to learn the basic techniques of personal defense, just in case you might ever need them. It’s a good idea to commit yourself to a long term training program that is safe to participate in, taught by highly skilled teachers, and that is complex and interesting enough to fight boredom.
Every good martial arts school, our’s included, offers prospective members a free trial program –so that they might test drive the school before beginning their adventure. Call or text 561-926-1846 for our free 1 week trail guest pass, good for

########
Rank: 11
Score: 62.05936
Retrieved Text: Sensei Luciano and Sensei Marisa are co-owners of Dojo Tansei Arts Martiaux (Karate Tansei). Our karate school was established in 2006 and has gained popularity within our area due to our teaching methods. Our team of qualified instructors treat every student as their personal project.
Karate Tansei’s guiding principle is that values such as partnership, courtesy, determination and respect, fostered in children at an early age, will produce a physically and spiritually healthy next generation of adults. We emphasize on the values that traditional karate offers. Respect, discipline, determination, perseverance and focus help to develop confidence in character. We offer classes for all ages in both french and english.
Karate Tansei is affiliated with WKO (World Karate Organization) – Shinkyokushinkai headed by President Midori Shihan in Japan. This is a strong organization representing a noble BUDO (Martial Art), for it can be trained throughout life, and holds the role of strengthening and enriching one’s mind.
The mind, the technique and the body, necessary parts to nourish the spirit of martial arts.
10teaches how to stand up against negative peer pressure.
Classes are 45 minutes long and offered 2 times per week.
Our mini-karate classes are specifically designed for 4- and 5-year-olds. We introduce young children to karate with games and exercises appropriate for their age. The focus is on improving focus, and learning to respect and work with partners. This is a great way to prepare your child for school.
Classes are 60 minutes long, offered 4 times per week and divided into 3 levels: beginner, intermediate, and advanced. This allows children to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 62.050945
Retrieved Text: Jay Wilson, World Kickboxing Champion and Third Degree Black Belt.
Jay "Hollywood" Wilson is a world-class trainer, World Kickboxing Champion, and Third Degree Kempo Go-Ju black belt. His exciting classes and creative drills have made him a popular instructor in the Dallas area. He has taught at many top local martial arts and fitness studios, including UFC Gym, Title Fitness, Texas Karate, and Saekson Janjira Muay Thai.
Jay's Kickboxing features classes for both adults and children, and all skill and conditioning levels, from beginners to competitive fighters. Whether you aim to be an MMA champion or just want to get in shape, there's a class for you!
Jay Wilson is a Third Degree Black Belt with 30 years experience as a Kempo Go-Ju Karate Instructor. His specialities include Muay Thai, American Kickboxing, and Kempo Go-ju Karate. Jay achieved the rank of Black Belt in Kempo Go-Ju Karate in 1988. Jay won the KICK World Championship Title in 2004 and has several national and state titles. Check out a few of Jay's fights.
1995 "Can You Feel It?" Music video. Choreographed and performed dance drilling routines.
2000 Co-starred in a B move as a gangster that played at Paramount Film Festival, Miami Florida, summer 2000. Choreographed and performed stunts for all fight scenes.
1999 "On Any Given Sunday," Feature length movie starring Al Pacino and Jamie Foxx. Extra actor portraying a police officer.
1995 "Roll, Bounce, Skate." Hip-hop rollerskating video. Choreographed and performed skate dance routines.
1994 "Brew City." B movie that played at the Paramount Film Festival, Miami Florida, summer 1994. Supporting actor and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 61.874447
Retrieved Text: Check out the Dojo apparel in our team shop including sweatshirts and more!
Our focus is on your success and we accomplish this through exercise, self-discipline, respect and positive reinforcement. We have developed a unique program, teaching those skills that can be used to improve your health, confidence, and concentration as well as self-defense.
Dojo Karate is passionate about families participating in this great sport together. Each of our programs are uniquely designed to fit the specific needs of the students in that group. Our classes cater to all ages and skill levels. Remember, a family that kicks together, sticks together!
Participating in Martial Arts is not only beneficial to your health and well-being, it will also affect other areas in your life. We find that the respect, motivation, dedication and focus that we instill into our students gives them the tools for success in karate, school, and life.
The Dojo Karate programs combine fitness and character development skills to create students that will succeed athletically and in all of their other endeavors. We show them how goal setting, healthy competition and hard work can aid in bully prevention and ensure success.
Dojo Karate is passionate about helping students of all ages and abilities reach their fitness goals. We offer classes focused on martial arts, kickboxing and sport-specific resistance training both in and outside our schools. Are you interested in furthering your fitness level? Visit Dojo Karate today.
You will begin by learning basic stances, kicks and punches. Working at your own pace, your body will adjust to regular exercise and you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 61.718826
Retrieved Text: I began training in martial arts at the age of 15 in Kyokushin Karate at the Parramatta Police Citizens’ Youth Club. Although I tried different styles such as boxing, kick boxing and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ), achieving a Blue Belt in BJJ and a Brown Belt in Kyokushin Karate, I soon found that I could not find a discipline that met all of my needs and answered all of my questions.
Still hungry for knowledge, I came across Kenpo through a friend who showed me a DVD of Larry Tatum. Shortly after, in 1999, I was introduced to Mr Jeff Speakman, a 7th Degree in the Kenpo Karate style, and I realised immediately that I had found a complete art with a true martial artist, a leader who led from the front. Not knowing who Mr Speakman was and not knowing anything about Kenpo, I did know that I wanted to be a Jeff Speakman Black Belt – not just in title, but in personality as well.
I achieved my goal after five years of every-day hard training. In 2004 in Las Vegas, I was tested for my 1st Degree Black Belt alongside my instructor and mentor (who was testing then for his 8th Degree Black Belt, he is now a 9th Degree Black Belt) and in front of a panel that consisted of Mr Lou Angel, Sigun Steve Labounty, Mr ‘Benny the Jet’ Urquidez, Mr Dan Inosanto and Mr Gokor Chivichyan. Two years later and again in Las Vegas I tested for my 2nd Degree Black Belt

########
Rank: 15
Score: 61.121906
Retrieved Text: Sensei Hoosier was 44 years old when he walked into a karate dojo for the very first time. That dojo was in Naples, Florida instructed by Shihan Dave Fox, the karate style was Shito-Ryu, a traditional style that originated in Okinawa by Master Kenwa Mabuni. After moving to North Carolina in 2006, he and his son Alex wanted to continue martial arts training, after a few months of searching for a school that best suited their needs , they decided that Core Martial Arts Academy would be the school for them because they not only taught traditional style kata’s and techniques, but also many practical self-defense techniques.
So, in Feb. of 2007, his son Alex started classes there, and he joined just a couple months later in April of 2007. After four years of hard work and devotion, he achieved Sho-Dan (1st degree black belt ), and now enjoys teaching and helping other students obtain their goals.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 61.11405
Retrieved Text: Master David Fuller started studying Tang Soo Do in 1994, training with Ed Samane. Shortly after achieving 2nd degree black belt in 1997, he opened David Fuller Karate and became the leader in martial arts and physical fitness in Chester County.
Master Matt began Tang Soo Do at Rancho San Diego Karate in El Cajon, CA in the summer of 1993, and has remained devoted to the art ever since. He joined David Fuller Karate in 2008 and began teaching shortly thereafter. In May 2014, he was promoted to 4th degree black belt, earning the title of “Master”. He considers this to be one of the top achievements of his life. Master Matt manages and teaches the Saturday class schedule, manages & teaches part-time during the week, & serves as supervising master instructor, as well as assisting with recruitment as needed. He is also David Fuller Karate’s social media writer.
Mr. K started training martial arts in 2004 at the age of 4 & earned 1st dan in 2009. He graduated Sun Valley High School in 2018. In free time, Mr. K enjoys watching the UFC and is also a big Philadelphia Eagles fan. Mr. K teaches the weekday class schedule.
Mr. Unruh is a junior at Devon Prep High School. He joined David Fuller Karate in 2007. He earned his 1st degree black belt in 2017. Outside of karate he attends Devon Prep high school as a junior and participates two orchestras and rock band, where he plays the violin. Mr. Unruh teaches the weekday class schedule, when

########
Rank: 17
Score: 61.01758
Retrieved Text: Karate is a weaponless means of self-defense, which consists of techniques of blocking or thwarting an attack and punching, striking, or kicking.
What do the words "Karate-do" mean?
The word "Karate" is actually a contraction of 2 Japanese words, "kara" and "te." "Kara" means "empty" and "te" means "hands." "Do" (pronounced like "bread dough") means "way ." So, Karate-do literally means "the way of the empty hand."
We teach the Shotokan style of karate, which is the authentic, original karate from Japan. Its techniques are self-defense based, and their effectiveness comes from body control, rhythm, timing, and agility. We emphasize building strong body mechanics and motion. We blend in Chinese Kenpo self defense techniques and Jeet Kune Do concepts to add a modern approach to our personal safety classes.
What kinds of weapons to we teach?
The weapon system we teach is the Filipino art of Kali or stick fighting and knife techniques.
What kinds of seminar to you teach?
We provide Women’s Personal Safety, Personal Safety against a Weapon, Wellness and Stress Reduction seminars.
Where did the name of the style "Shotokan" come from?
"Shoto" was the pen name of the founder of the style, Gichin Funakoshi. Funakoshi's students named his first dojo, or training hall, the "Shotokan" or "Hall of Shoto."
What is the goal of karate?
The most important goals of karate are to strengthen people mentally and physically through strong, disciplined training, so that better harmony among people is realized. The ultimate goal is seeking perfection of character.
Women, men, and children aged 7 or older who can safely engage in moderate physical activity

########
Rank: 18
Score: 60.599674
Retrieved Text: Johnny was born in New York, NY and his family moved to Sarasota, FL when he was about three months old. He now resides in Sarasota with his girlfriend of 7 years and along with her, is a proud parent to a beautiful baby girl. He is the son of an American Goju Ryu karate instructor and has grown up in the martial arts world.
At just 4 years of age, Johnny was introduced to karate by his father. When he was a high school sophomore, he earned his 1st degree black belt and by his senior year of high school, he decided to fully pursue kickboxing. It was that year he made his first trip overseas and traveled to Germany to compete in a WAKO Light Contact Point Fighting tournament.
In 2013, Johnny was the BLITZ Martial Arts League State Champion for Traditional Forms and placed 3rd overall for Point Fighting and Continuous Point Fighting. Johnny is currently a 3rd degree black belt in Goju Ryu karate and a trainer at a local Title Boxing Club. He continues his own training with multiple World Champion Erik Marshall at Erik Marshall’s Kickboxing, Muay Thai & MMA in Bradenton, FL.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 60.0516
Retrieved Text: Traditional Korean Karate, taught by the Philadelphia School of Korean Karate. These two-hour classes include stretching, basic techniques, forms and freestyle sparring. This is a hard-style Korean Martial Art, which utilizes punching, kicking and blocking techniques, designed to enhance self defense, conditioning and self development. For registration information call 610-566-3536. Adults only. Master instructors Walt Beuchner, 6th degree black belt and Andrea Beuchner, 5th degree black belt.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 59.435833
Retrieved Text: Mind-Body-Spirit Martial Arts – Page 5 – Reaching beyond ourselves, in today's world!
Grand Master Gene Perceval’s karate seminar at Traditional Karate America.
On January, 13t at 9:30am and again at 2pm, Grand Master Gene Perceval will be doing 1-2 hour seminars in Ozone Park at “Traditional Karate America”, located at 98-18 103rd Ave, Ozone Park, NY 11417. The children’s class will most likely be in the morning, and the adults class will probably be in the afternoon. Please note that because this location is in Queens, parking is very difficult. If you want to observe the event, please notify us first before attending the event.
We just added a lot of content to our etiquette page, where you’ll find almost everything on there regarding martial arts etiquette, belt etiquette, how to tie your belt, procedures to follow in a martial arts school, and lots more. There are literally hundreds of items so be sure to check it out!
Grand Master Gene Perceval taught a free-fighting class for one hour about street fighting versus competition fighting, using rubber knives. The class took place at Traditional Karate America dojo, run by Gustavo Larrea (an 8th degree blackbelt) about one week ago. Grand Master Gene Perceval is in the third row, fourth person from the left. Master Gustavo Larrea is to the right of Grand Master Gene Perceval, in black.
Grand Master Gene Perceval taught a martial arts class in East Rockaway Long Island 10/19, 2017, for the school of American Combat Karate, run by Rocco Anthony. American Combat Karate was started by

########
Rank: 21
Score: 59.142067
Retrieved Text: Karate shown on TV and on the big screen often glorifies the fight, and downplays the martial art part. However, there’s a karate instructor in Idyllwild who teaches “whole body karate.” In his classes, students learn to reach their goals and even walk away from fights.
At age 50, John King earned a black belt in Kung Fu San Soo, and continues to study with Master Steven Gregoire. John started learning karate years ago with his family, but keeps it up to stay in shape. For the past eight years, he’s taught beginning and intermediate karate to youngsters and adults in Idyllwild.
In his classes, students get some exercise, but also learn discipline, self respect and more about martial arts. In short, it’s not a class for wimpy kids who want to get back at schoolyard bullies.
John's classes had to move out of Strawberry Creek to make room for the library.
“I talk to these kids about how to walk away from fights, if they can,” John said.
He too, was bullied as a child.
John also talks to his students about their goals, namely the ones they want to reach within five years. Some the goals they’ve mentioned to him include: getting better in math, learning how to ride a skateboard, and earning a black belt in karate.
However, the black best test takes about three hours, and it can be exhausting, he said, like running a marathon. He’s run marathons too, including the Long Beach and Las Alamitas Marathons. During the day, John paints houses, and on Friday nights, he

########
Rank: 22
Score: 59.105507
Retrieved Text: Tracy Bass, left, a fifth-degree black belt in karate, and her father, Bob Bass, an eighth-degree black belt and owner of the Bob Bass School of Karate, gave a demonstration Saturday morning to the residents of the Southern Oaks Assisted Living Center. The karate masters showed residents about stretching, gentle exercise, proper breathing and Chi energy.
Just a short little blurb in the lifestyles section of a weekly county paper, but any good publicity is good publicity, right? I didn't go to the assisted living center, but Tracy said they were so sweet.
Check out those gi's. The one looks velvet!
No, not velvet. It's a black Iron Man that's just so old it's faded some. Actually looks like stonewashed black in person.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 58.720932
Retrieved Text: Sensei Phil Harris is a 5th Dan (GODAN) with over 25 years of experience in Shotokan Karate. For 12 years, he taught classes as an assistant instructor at Charleswood Karate, led by Sensei Ron Porath, before moving across town and opening his own dojo, Heijoshin Karate in 2011. He and his students joined Kildonan Karate in September 2017. He began taking Karate lessons at the age of 8 at the Japan Karate Association of Manitoba headquarters in downtown Winnipeg. Under the tutelage of Sensei Phillip Dingman (6th DAN, JKA), he was able to obtain the rank of Shodan (1st degree black belt) at just 13 years of age. In 1999, Sensei Phil joined Charleswood Karate dojo under Sensei Ron Porath (6th DAN, IKD) where he still drops in to train on occasion. In 2010, at the annual ISKF Master Camp held in Philadelphia, Sensei Phil was awarded the rank of Godan (5th degree black belt) by Masters Okazaki and Yaguchi. Sensei Phil attributes much of his success in karate to the strong foundation and work ethic he developed under the instruction of Master Yaguchi, Sensei Dingman, and Sensei Porath. With many years of competition under his belt, Sensei Phil has been named JKA/ISKF Provincial Grand Champion five times, and has represented Manitoba and Canada on the national and international level. As a referee, Sensei Phil holds a C-Class Judge's certification with the ISKF, and was the youngest at the time to acquire an ISKF D-Class Judge's certification at the age of 18. He is also certified

########
Rank: 24
Score: 58.697865
Retrieved Text: A new project created in Landmark Education’s Self-Expression and Leadership Program seeks to give year-long scholarships to martial arts classes for underprivileged youth, as well as offer self-defense clinics for the general public – the tuition for attending the clinics goes directly to funding the scholarships.
CC Walters of Gig Harbor, Washington, created the project, which was the subject of an extensive feature in Gig Harbor Life. Here are excerpts from the article.
When people enjoy an activity, they usually want to share the joy with others. CC Walters, a Gig Harbor resident, recently started a project for a self-expression and leadership course that will help her share the joy of martial arts.
Landmark Education helps people realize their potential as a human being, she said.
Her project will help area youth realize their dreams of joining a martial arts class.
She hopes to help three underprivileged youth get martial arts instruction for a year at Zen Martial Arts. She and her husband, along with their three sons, currently attend martial arts classes in the Gateway Fitness building.
She wants to give other youth the opportunity for the same experience.
Clement Hong, the black belt instructor at the school, said it was a brilliant idea.
“Ultimately in these public classes, people will learn awareness We will teach them simple self-defense techniques, movement, balance and things to defend themselves in a none-safe situation,” Hong said.
The events will teach self-defense techniques at four separate clinics in November and each one can hold up to 30 people. The base at Zen Martial Arts is Tae-Kwon-Do. Dr. Phil

########
Rank: 25
Score: 58.578632
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in bagua, choy li fut, goju, jeet kune do, Martial Arts, Muay Thai, shotokan, uechi and tagged guerrilla fight, indian fight, indian martial, ninja stealth skill on October 25, 2016 by aganzul.
This entry was posted in bagua, bruce lee, gichin, kwon bup, Muay Thai, shorei ryu, wing chun and tagged aikido, karate, kenpo, martial arts legend, martial arts power, taekwondo on January 19, 2016 by aganzul.
Myth and Mysticism in the Martial Arts!
Do you study Karate? Or kung fu or kenpo or Taekwondo? Or even Mixed Martial Arts? Then let me ask you a question.
Would you turn in your car for a horse and buggy?
Why not? After all, the horse and buggy is the old standard. Will never blow a fuse. You’ll get a thousand gallops before the old girl keels over. So why not?
Okay, so let’s rephrase that…would you give up your horse and buggy for a car?
Sort of a silly question, isn’t it?
So let’s talk martial arts.
Your kung fu or Kenpo, your Karate or Jujitsu, those are horse and buggy. They are routines based on mysticism. They are born of legends which cannot be proved.
Mind you, they were great in their day, but why not put them aside for something a little more scientific?
Here’s the thing, people are taught monkey see monkey do. They learn methods based on the movements of the tiger, or some old nun, or some cosmogony that may or may not bear much resemblance to reality.
They are not taught scientifically.
Yes, the arts work, but here’s the question…do

########
Rank: 26
Score: 58.436142
Retrieved Text: Grand Master Otis Baker is the oldest of the Baker Brothers. He appears shy, quiet, and has a broad smile. However, this should not be cause for underestimating his knowledge and abilities.
He is the second highest-ranking Sensei at Bakers Dojo. He holds an 10th Degree Black Belt; and is State Director of the United Martial Arts Association.
Master Baker began his study of Karate in June 1967 under now O'Sensei James A. Jones in Chicago, IL. He soon became one of the School's top students. He demonstrated his abilities by competing and winning at several Karate tournaments in Kumite (Fighting) and Kata (Forms).
During those days, Karate competition was little less than a full-contact event, and all the competitors were highly motivated. Karate was new in America and open Karate Tournaments were new in were World for that matter.
Master Baker, his brothers and Karate-Ka like them pioneered Sport Karate in America and particularly the Midwest.
In September 1968, Master Baker began teaching at the Henry Horner Boys Club, located in the Henry Horner Housing Projects on Chicago's West Side.
Here he was able to touch many lives, and give them an alternative to the self-destructive lifestyles and harsh environments of the housing-projects.
Teaching his philosophy that has made karate part of his life for so many years, and allowed for his personal appreciation of the Art. allowing stress, frustration or any other personal challenges to be transcended in a peaceful and productive experience giving the Karate-Ka a relaxed mind, sense of achievement and personal empowerment.
During this period, (1968-1973) Master Baker as

########
Rank: 27
Score: 58.37086
Retrieved Text: Ed Parker Sr. was the founder of American Kenpo, author of the training material, and the final voice of approval. With his passing, we've been left with an extensive library of his books, manuals, and articles to guide us in our continued learning.
Mr. Parker began his training under Professor Chow in Honolulu, HI. He credits Professor Chow with giving him the ideas for innovations and starting him thinking about master key movements and increasing his knowledge.
After Mr. Parker settled in Pasadena, CA, his first job was in a bodybuilding studio in the Beverly Wilshire Hotel. Through the contacts he made teaching, he was introduced to directors, producers, and movie stars and was soon out on his own.
After opening his first karate school and introducing his art to the media, he created an international chain of Kenpo Studios, sponsored major tournaments, wrote books and made films. He became more than a teacher, he became a legend.
The business side of it started slowly, beginning in 1964 and accelerating in the 1978-1980 period, eventually culminating with 170 karate schools throughout a dozen countries by 1990. During this period, he was involved in other ventures: seven films, roles in TV shows, and 11 books on his approach to his art. One of his foremost publications is the Encyclopedia of Kenpo, designed as a guide for students and instructors in his system.
Mr. Parker had success in smaller but equally meaningful ways, among them teaching disabled youth in helping young people find themselves.
"I found a lot of kids who don't get any

########
Rank: 28
Score: 57.96596
Retrieved Text: So what does this 2nd Dan Black Belt say he has gained the most from his Professional Karate Center classes? “Confidence!” is his quick reply.
And what part of karate does Mr. Winston like the most? Kata, because he enjoys the art of it!
Mr. Winston was the Head Martial Arts Instructor for the Henderson, Nevada location of the karate school until September of 2012 when another Professional Karate Center student, C.D Young, purchased and licensed to operate it from Grand Master Allen Sarac. Now, Mr. Winston is again training and teaching at the main school and introducing new students to the ‘Martial Way’.
Certified Martial Arts Instructor Levi Winston comments that one of his most important roles being; “I help get new students acclimated and comfortable with the school”. After all, everyone started out as a white belt with little knowledge and can walk into a very intimidating environment. Our job, to make everyone successful, starts by letting them know just how welcome they are and how friendly we really are.
In addition to teaching, Levi Winston is also involved in church programs, Clark County Parks & Recreation Kids Camp, and the charity program started by Allen Sarac’s Professional Karate Centers; ‘Get High On Kicks, Not Drugs’.
His Advise for a Potential Student?
Finally, what advise does Mr. Winston give to potential new students? “Make sure you find a good school” Sometimes the closest school isn’t the right school for you. What a waste of time and money to learn that. Instead, Mr. Winston points to the coupon available on this

########
Rank: 29
Score: 57.509785
Retrieved Text: Traditional Gōjū-ryū karate-do classes for adults and children with an experienced, police checked and qualified instructor.
Sensei Matt Taylor started his karate journey in 1988 at the age of 14 and obtained his first black belt in 1997. He now trains and instructs as a 4th Dan at his Twyford dojo as well as at the Wokingham Karate Academy where he began his studies.
Our main focus on the traditional aspect of karate building a strong mind and body for self defence. We also train for the sports side to prepare for competition.
Ages 6 to 11, 5:45pm.
Aged 12+, 7pm to 8:30pm.

================



======= Instance Index 4307 =========
Input Text: Context: Casey and Tracy were playing around and Casey put Tracy's hands up while Casey tickled Tracy.

Question: What will Casey want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: laugh and have fun

B: not tickle Tracy's armpits

C: cry and not have fun

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 72.56949
Retrieved Text: Now Casey and her family no longer have to live in shelters.
When Casey Bardowell was just two years old, she was diagnosed with Leukemia. On top of that, she had a bone marrow transplant and developed a side effect called graft versus host disease.
"The donor does not recognize the host. It sees her as foreign, so it's attacking her skin," said Tracy Glasgow, Casey's mother.
Casey's serious condition meant that Tracy had to quit her secretary job so she could care for her now nine-year-old daughter, which caused great financial difficulty. After getting too far behind on mortgage payments, Casey, Tracy, and her 8-month-old sister Lily, lost their home and were forced to move around homeless and medical shelters in order to get by. To make matters worse, Tracy says that the conditions she and her family were living in were nothing short of disastrous, especially for Casey.
"The toilet in the bathroom, it was dirty and stained. Just horrible," she said. "I was really afraid especially with the roaches. She [Casey] uses a cpap machine to sleep and I was scared the roaches would enter the machine."
But thanks to some generous strangers, Casey and her family no longer have to live in shelters. When hearing Casey and her family were in trouble, some friends set up a "Support Our Casey" fundraising page to help out with treatment costs and living expenses. Soon, local news outlets were sharing Casey's story and donations began pouring in from people all over the country.
Thanks to the amount of money they received,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 56.96996
Retrieved Text: Tracy was born and raised in beautiful San Diego and has been married since 2004 to her husband of Hispanic heritage, together they raise their 2 wonderful daughters.
Before Tracy found DanzArts, she knew she wanted a dance company that would encourage and push her daughters to do their absolute best while building confidence and self-esteem; a company that cares about the child as a whole, with each one being unique and with abilities that vary. With much joy, she came upon DanzArts!
Tracy and her family have been a part of DanzArts since 2015. In 2017, Tracy was chosen by Patricia Astorga-Casey to be the Treasurer of the DanzArts fast-growing company. Patricia has a passion for a dancer’s success that is inviting and contagious! Tracy feels blessed to be not only the Treasurer of a growing company but a tool in bringing Patricia’s dream to fruition.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 56.405144
Retrieved Text: Scott is the oldest Tracy brother. He pilots fast response Thunderbird 1. Bold, decisive and a little stubborn, Scott pressures himself into filling the very big shoes of his father.
Alan is the youngest member of the team and the most gifted pilot. He has almost super-human reflexes and uses them to pull off amazing feats of aerial acrobatics.
Virgil Tracy is the commander of Thunderbird 2 – when specialised equipment needs to be in the acAon, Virgil gets it there.
Gordon Tracy is the joker of the group and doesn’t take anything seriously, unless he’s in rescue mode.
John Tracy serves as traffic and dispatch from Thunderbird 5, International Rescue’s orbital space station. John is constantly on the look out for any situation that would require IR’s assistance.
Kayo is in charge of security for Tracy Island and International Rescue. She’s like family to the Tracy brothers, who treat her like a little sister – but she also has a dark, dangerous edge to her.
Brains designs and builds all of International Rescue’s vehicles and technology. He’s proven time and time again that if you can dream it, you can build it.
Lady Penelope Creighton-Ward lives a dual life. One is in the public eye of British high society – but this is only a front. The real Lady Penelope is a behind the scenes fixer for International Rescue.
Grandma Tracy is the heart and soul of the Tracy family and the matriarch of Tracy Island. She keeps everyone in line and is a perpetual source of wisdom and insight.
The Hood is a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 54.03637
Retrieved Text: Today is the start of Spring, which also marks a very significant change at the Studio, as Eoin McCarthy, Tracy Alamanos and Leah Kazuko Casey will all be leaving this week to teach from a new studio space.
While this is a sad parting in many ways, it is also important that as teachers we are individually pursuing a path that feels right for the times.
What we all hold strong and true though is the needs and welfare of you the student at heart. It is extremely important to us, Eoin, Tracy and Leah that the change need not create a sense of division and anxiety and that a decision to either stay on here or move with the teachers will be respected by all.
We would like to take this opportunity to express our deepest gratitude to Eoin, Tracy and Leah for their many years of dedication to the students at our beloved Studio and although sad to see you go, we truly wish you, and all who travel with you, the very best with your adventure.
Eoin’s final class for us is his led practice, tomorrow on Fri Sept 2 at 6am – after almost 9 years’ dedicated service! From a personal point of view we are particularly grateful for his support over those years as it enabled us to take a step back from teaching and be more available to fulfill our family responsibilities. As such a strong influence in the lives of so many students, Eoin will forever be a profound part of our teaching

########
Rank: 4
Score: 53.277653
Retrieved Text: Theatrical productions aren't generally written about Florida. The Sunshine State, with its gators and gulf coast, doesn't set the stage for a production in quite the same way a cosmopolitan city or the Midwest does. But for Matthew Lopez's 2015 play "The Legend of Georgia McBride," a small town Florida setting somehow works perfectly.
The plot focuses on Casey, a 20-something Elvis impersonator who's been playing The King for a nearly-empty bar on weekends. When he finds out his wife is pregnant and his act is being replaced by a drag queen duo, Casey decides to stay on as a bartender so he's not out of work. Instead, he finds himself thrown into the act when one of the queens can't perform, and Georgia McBride is born.
Rochester drag favorites Aggy Dune (Thomas Smalley) and Mrs. Kasha Davis (Ed Popil) play the dynamic drag duo, with Smalley in the role of Casey's drag mentor-of-sorts Tracy Mills (Bobby), and Popil as the pill-popping, unreliable Anorexia Nervosa (Rexy). Audiences can expect the same tongue-in-cheek drag jokes and innuendos here as they'd see in a "Big Wigs" show, only Lopez scripts these.
Smalley embodies a warm, empathetic Mills, who steals many a scene with not only personality but also lip-syncing numbers (Aggy Dune as Tracy Mills as Liza Minelli, in particular, is a show stopper). Popil, a "RuPaul's Drag Race" alum who just came off a sold-out run as Dr. Frank 'N' Furter in Blackfriars Theatre's "Rocky Horror Picture Show," has a smaller role as the unreliable Rexy, but still demonstrates a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 52.71772
Retrieved Text: This is also free to read on my Ko-Fi! It’s treat free!
The leaves begin to change in the small town of Whaling Cove. Each year, Autumn came and went as though it were simply visiting for the weekend. Much to Casey’s dismay. Each year, Whaling Cove turned their beloved boardwalk, into an Autumn Festival right before all the vendors closed down for winter. This year, while she and Miles celebrated their second anniversary, Casey had convinced him to take her to the festival.
“And now we get you cotton candy.” Casey chuckles softly, tugging Miles towards a small cart at the end of the boardwalk.
Miles laughs along, both of them picking up speed as they dart in between people, Casey looking back to smirk at Miles as they continue towards the cart.
The man nods, handing Casey two fairly large bags of cotton candy and a smaller, wrapped cookie in the shape of a pumpkin with orange icing.
“Thanks man,” Miles says as he hands the older man money.
Casey hands Miles on of the bags of candy corn, tucking the other into her purse as they open their bags and lace their fingers together. Casey momentarily resting her head on Miles’s shoulder as they walk back down the opposite way of the boardwalk.
Miles stops walking, tugging Casey into his arms as he presses his lips to hers. Both of them smiling into the kiss as people around them smile. Miles and Casey had been an item since the homecoming dance their Sophomore year. Both had big dreams. Miles hoping

########
Rank: 6
Score: 52.567554
Retrieved Text: The Outlook wasn't brilliant for the Mudville nine that day: The score stood four to two, with but one inning more to play. And then when Cooney died at first, and Barrows did the same, A sickly silence fell upon the patrons of the game. A straggling few got up to go in deep despair. The rest Clung to that hope which springs eternal in the human breast; They thought, if only Casey could get but a whack at that - We'd put up even money, now, with Casey at the bat. But Flynn preceded Casey, as did also Jimmy Blake, And the former was a lulu and the latter was a cake; So upon that stricken multitude grim melancholy sat, For there seemed but little chance of Casey's getting to the bat. But Flynn let drive a single, to the wonderment of all, And Blake, the much despis-ed, tore the cover off the ball; And when the dust had lifted, and the men saw what had occurred, There was Jimmy safe at second and Flynn a-hugging third. Then from 5,000 throats and more there rose a lusty yell; It rumbled through the valley, it rattled in the dell; It knocked upon the mountain and recoiled upon the flat, For Casey, mighty Casey, was advancing to the bat. There was ease in Casey's manner as he stepped into his place; There was pride in Casey's bearing and a smile on Casey's face. And when, responding to the cheers, he lightly doffed his hat, No stranger in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 52.17356
Retrieved Text: CINCINNATI - We may have found an answer to a Westwood family's prayers.
WCPO brought you the story of Harold Morgan, a terminally-ill Navy veteran hospitalized in Alabama. His family was trying to raise $6,000 to pay for a medical ambulance to drive him home so he could get hospice care at the VA Hospital here surrounded by his family.
Hundreds of you shared on social media, and that's where a special connection was made that may bring him home.
A woman wrote that she has a friend who owns a tour bus company and wants to help. We told Morgan's family, they got in touch with the company, and they're trying to work out the details.
The family's GoFundMe page had raised more than $3,600 at last check.
We'll keep you posted on what happens.
Harold Morgan's daughters, Casey Morgan and Tracy Hughes, with his photo.
CINCINNATI - A Westwood family is trying desperately to bring their terminally ill patriarch -- a Navy veteran -- home from an Alabama hospital.
But, there's one big hurdle -- insurance won't pay the thousands of dollars needed to get him back to Cincinnati.
Harold Morgan's relatives have started a GoFundMe page in hopes of raising $6,000 to get him here. A hospice bed awaits at the VA Hospital.
Morgan is so ill with cancer that he's paralyzed, can't speak and has to be driven north in an ambulance.
It's costly, but his daughters and a cousin strongly believe that somehow it will happen.
"It's frustrating for us up here knowing he's down there and there's nothing we can do," said

########
Rank: 8
Score: 51.92607
Retrieved Text: International Rescue, we have a situation!
An evil mastermind is trying to take over the world… And only you can stop him!
Join International Rescue on an amazing adventure full of action, hi-tech gadgets and the mighty Thunderbirds!
Are you ready to save the world from The Hood?
EXPERIENCE THE FIRST-EVER TEAM RUNNER!
Join International Rescue and run with your team through a rich variety of environments and challenges!
PLAY WITH DIFFERENT GADGETS AND VEHICLES!
Pilot the legendary craft from the series: Thunderbirds Are Go. Unlock and upgrade high-tech gadgets!
Travel across the world collecting clues to find the secret base of the Hood and stop his evil plan!
Solve the mystery behind a sudden cyber-attack and run with Kayo and the Tracy brothers! Work with Brains and MAX. Help Lady Penelope, Parker and Colonel Casey!
LEAD INTERNATIONAL RESCUE AND UPGRADE TRACY ISLAND!
Gather resources, collectibles and upgrade your team and Tracy Island itself! Become the hero behind International Rescue success!
Your favourite heroes from the animated series!
A rich story to uncover!
Incredible environments from around the world and outer space!
By clicking "Add Thunderbirds Are Go: Team Rush to Your Website", you agree to the Webmaster Terms and Conditions.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 51.864132
Retrieved Text: Janie Dell Faires went to be with the Lord on May 10 at the McAllen Heart Hospital.
Mrs. Faires was born October 27, 1936, in Houston. She moved to the Valley at a young age, she attended Donna High School and graduated from Pharr-San Juan-Alamo High School. She married the love of her life Kenneth A. Faires. They celebrated their 54th anniversary in December.
While raising three boys and one daughter, she worked at Faires Plumbing Company. Janie loved to fish. She was a pro at catching flounder with a line. Hunting was a big part of her life, as well. Janie enjoyed cooking large meals and having all of the kid�s friends over to eat. Everyone was always welcome. She loved growing beautiful flowers, especially roses. Purple roses were her favorite. She enjoyed taking her granddaughters shopping. Janie was a member of the First Baptist Church in Edinburg .
She was preceded in death by a son; Simon Peter Faires, her mother; Anna Elizabeth Watson and sisters; Anna Elizabeth Womack and Lysia Cooke.
She is survived by her husband, Kenneth A. Faires of Edinburg; sons, Kenny (Carolyn) Faires, Jr., William Lee (Leticia) Faires and Tracy (Anna) Faires; a daughter, Kendra (Ken) Snead. Also surviving her are grandchildren: Kenny Faires III, Casey Faires, Kelsey Faires, Angel Garza, Shaunna Faires, Tiffany Toney, Meagan Faires, Zachary Faires and Jasmine Sitton. Great-grandchild; Caleb Toney, her father; Clarence Watson, her brother, Foxhall (Olga) Parker, John William(Jenette) Watson and her precious puppies, Blondie & Smokey.
Funeral services were held Wednesday morning, May 13, 2009 at 10:00

########
Rank: 10
Score: 51.30978
Retrieved Text: From left, the newlyweds Elizabeth and Rory Wellington, with Loralee, Scott and Casey Wellington.
On Aug. 14, Glen Ellen native Rory Wellington married his college sweetheart, Elizabeth Mudge. They were married in Sandy, Utah, where Elizabeth grew up. She is the daughter of Wayne and Debbie Mudge, and Rory's parents are Loralee and Scott Wellington. Wayne, a pastor there, officiated, and both Rory's brother Casey, and Elizabeth's brother Josh were groomsmen. Rory's Best Man was Jeremy Strouse, his friend since he was 5 years old. The happy couple now live in Midvale, Utah, where Elizabeth is involved in childcare, and Rory will be doing an HVAC apprenticeship in the future. Congratulations!
Dean Bordigioni rode his 1914 Harley-Davidson in the 2018 Cannonball race, which he won.
Maud Hallin, left, atop a Zoroastrian Tower of Silence in the city of Yazd, Iran.
“Zoroaster was probably born in Afghanistan around 550 B.C. And was one of the first religions to believe in one invisible God.
“We climbed a steep dirt path up to the top of the Tower of Silence. Luckily, I did not have to carry a corpse up that path!
“We saw the “Crown Jewels” in the State Bank vault. Yes, the size, quantity and designs were enough to make anyone faint. Totally, unreal!
And speaking of fire, aftermath and gratitude, check out this song written by Rebecca Chourre at www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjNKIG7jw_Q&feature=share (this link will be live on our website).
Rebecca is the niece of Glen Ellen's Tracy Salcedo. Love the refrain, “Blue skies, good news, I'm beginning to think I can come home soon.” Beautiful.
(L

########
Rank: 11
Score: 50.93266
Retrieved Text: I hate when the leadoff hitter swings at the first pitch.
Why? If it's a good pitch he thinks he can hit hard, it's better than getting down 0-1.
Dunn pops out. 2 outs.
Casey doubles, 1 run scores.
I like for the leadoff hitter to make the pitcher throw a few pitches to show the other hitters what kind of stuff he has. Lopez usually does a good job of that.
1-0 Reds after 1 inning.
Kearns swung at ball four.
Woods ERA is now at 1.29 while pitching for Billings.
Green doubles, 1 run scores.
Tracy flies out. 1 out.
Stinnett flies out. 2 outs.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 50.80912
Retrieved Text: Navy Veteran, Curtis E. Allison, went to be with God in Heave on Veteran’s Day, November 11, 2018. He was 71 years of age.
Curtis is a beloved husband, father, grandfather and brother. He leaves behind his wife and best friend of 51 years, Candice Allison (Candy); daughters, Tracy Lamb and Heather Ryan; son, Kevin Allison and his wife, M. J. Allison, all from the Houston area.
His grandchildren were a source of extreme love and delight. The mention of their names brought him his biggest smiles……Kristin Lamb, Eric Lamb, Angela Lamb and fiancée, Brandon Casey, Kyle Allison, Kayla Allison, Sierra Allison, Lance Baumann, Keegan Allison, Samantha Gonzalez and Lil Avery. Curtis also leaves his sister, Karen Allison Anderson of Ulysses, Kansas.
His life with us will be missed but his memory will forever be with us.
Funeral service will be held Saturday, November 17, 2018, at 2 pm at the Riley Funeral Home Chapel with Brother Edwin Findley officiating. Burial will follow at the Mt. Pisgah Cemetery in Woodville. Visitation will be held Saturday from 1 pm until the time of the service.
Serving as pallbearers will be Kevin Allison, Eric Lamb, Kyle Allison, Brandon Casey, Alfred Mercer and Brice Mercer.
In lieu of flowers, the family asks that you make a donation to The Woodville Veterinary Clinic or any no kill animal shelter.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 50.715454
Retrieved Text: Today we have Cassie and Casey. Cassie is wearing an casual outfit and Casey is wearing a smart dress outfit. While talking to Casey about her outfit Cassie switches the playing cards with her own! The whole game gets Casey pied! She's furious and think I have made it turn out this way! Casey pies me and I'm not happy! Cassie is giggling and drops the cards out of her pocket all over the floor. She admits to it and messes up her hair trying to get out of it! Casey and I pie her and get her back!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.29718
Retrieved Text: Spencer Tracy was subject of the best book I read in 2011. One of the best I've ever read. After author James Curtis had (finally!) made me a fan of W.C. Fields through his authoritative 2003 biography, I could barely contain myself in waiting for his treatment of a subject I already liked in Tracy. Spencer Tracy: A Biography by James Curtis lived up to expectations.
Now TCM gives us an opportunity to get to know Spencer Tracy even better through his films. You've surely seen some, maybe even most, though I doubt all. 52 different titles air throughout October 2012 with each Monday evening of programming extending well into Tuesday morning and often beyond lunch-time. Between the Curtis biopraphy and the TCM marathon, we have opportunity to get to know Spencer Tracy better than we ever had before.
TCM's complete October 2012 Spencer Tracy follows and underneath that is a little more about both the TCM line-up and the James Curtis biography.
Now that's a career! But what about the life? There is no better way to get to know Spencer Tracy off-screen than through James Curtis' 2011 biography .
A massive volume that just beats the 1,000 page mark, thanks to pages upon pages of notes, the hardest thing about reading the Tracy biography was managing its weight and bulk (yes, Kindle, I know!). I had originally intended to review it immediately after reading it, but somehow time interfered and the planned post never happened. Luckily however, I had given my copy a good beating while reading: dog

########
Rank: 15
Score: 50.161934
Retrieved Text: Lauren Mazur has been recognized as one of the country's top young vocalists (2007 YoungArts winner) she also recieved the 2006 Warrick County art award. As she builds her career, her abilities are attracting some of the areas top musicians. Andy Norvell is a Belmont graduate who plays at some the tri-state's top acoustic venues (RiRa's, Cheesburger in Paradise, Fox & Hound to name a few) he and Lauren have played together since 2005. Randy Lanham is an Owensboro legend and the area's top fiddle/mandolin player. he has toured with the likes of Tanya Tucker, Wade Hayes and Tracy Lawrence, is a former kentucky state fiddle champion and a heck of a nice guy! Check out myspace.com/Laurenmazurmusic and myspace.com/bonnerfuller to hear this exciting new music. Lauren is now also playing with young guitar whiz Casey Williams from Santa Claus, In diana. Look for a future collaboration with the multi-talented super-jazz man Monte Skelton!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 49.75365
Retrieved Text: Casey Basketball continues to go from strength to strength and with the recent selection announcements for the Basketball Victoria Elite Development programs and teams, that point has been proven once again.
A number of Casey players and coaches have been selected to take part in the elite pathway. Cavs players Blake Shankland, Mason Heather, Ryan Van Gent, Dylan Bucknell and Corey Roos have been selected to the State Development Program (SDP), while coaches Darren Best (lead coach), Mitch Taylor (assistant coach) and Brad White (assistant coach) are also involved.
In further exciting news for the association, a number of Cavaliers have been selected to represent Victoria Metro at the Southern Cross Challenge (SCC). The SCC is the beginning of the high-performance pathway that provides identified elite juniors, coaches and officials an insight into elite development and gameplay across a four-day tournament.
Casey representatives are; Archer McMenamin and Dakota Crichton (under 15s), Cedric Rault, Keighan Cormick-Cox, Sebastian Van Den Brink and Truman Byrne (under 14s), and coaches Darren Best and Ishoa Cook.
Darren Best, Casey Basketball development manager, talked about the talent coming through the ranks at Casey.
“It’s a credit to the kids – they put the work in,” Best said.
“The association obviously supports them, but I think basketball is definitely player focussed; the athletes are the ones who have done the work and obviously we support them as best we can.
Best, who grew up playing basketball at Cranbourne, returned to Casey in August after spending time with Basketball Tasmania as a high-performance coach. He will take charge of the under

########
Rank: 17
Score: 49.59684
Retrieved Text: Casey Mittelstadt is an American professional ice hockey player who plays in the National Hockey League (NHL). As of 2019, Casey Mittelstadt currently plays for the Buffalo Sabres as their Forward. Casey Mittelstadt was drafted in the 2017 NHL Entry Draft by the Sabres.
Casey Mittelstadt is currently dating his girlfriend Bella Broin. As a Forward, he reportedly earns around $1,491,667 as his yearly salary from Buffalo Sabres and has an estimated net worth of over $1 million.
As of 2019, Casey Mittelstadt has an estimated net worth of over $1 million similar to that of Neal Pionk. Further, the NHL player has an average salary of $1,491,667 annually and Mittelstadt so far has made earnings of $3 million from his entire NHL career.
He reportedly signed a three-year contract worth $4,475,000 contract with Buffalo Sabres in 2017.
The contract further includes a guaranteed sum of around $4,475,000 along with a signing bonus of around $277,500. Jack Eichel is in the list of the highest paid players of the team since he earns an annual average salary of around $10 million.
Casey Mittelstadt is not married yet but is currently in a romantic relationship with his longtime girlfriend Bella Broin. The couple is dating each other since their college days and were also the prom partner.
By exploring his official social sites, it is found that he spends his leisure time traveling with friends to different places and also hanging out with his girlfriend. Furthermore, there aren't any details about his past relationship or affair.
Besides, he can be seen in the photos

########
Rank: 18
Score: 49.50746
Retrieved Text: Considering both sides registered five blanks in their last seven games, this was always likely to be a stalemate. But if Dinny Corcoran and Mark O’Sullivan were fully fit, things could have been very different.
Absent throughout Limerick’s prior six games with a broken hand, O’Sullivan’s return here caught many by surprise — not least the Bohs centre-backs. Tommy Barrett’s direct side desperately lacked an attacking focal point in the 35-year-old’s absence. And the target man wasted no time in reminding Limerick fans what they’ve been missing, winning a free-kick from Dan Casey in the first minute.
O’Sullivan bullied Casey, and midfielder-by-trade Ian Morris, throughout. The Cork native won the lion’s share of his aerial duels, and converted several speculative long punts into set-pieces for his side.
The striker’s preternatural ability to release the pressure on his defence was manna from heaven for Barrett, on a night where his side were second best throughout. Crucially, however, O’Sullivan’s lack of match sharpness cost Limerick at key moments.
Bohemians’ possession monopoly restrained the kind of third-man running at which Limerick’s midfield excels. But on three of the four occasions Limerick did get men in advance of O’Sullivan, it was the 35-year-old who fluffed his lines.
Twice, in the second-half, O’Sullivan beat the tired-looking Casey to a channel ball without squaring it for an onrushing midfielder. And Cian Coleman’s energy went to waste in the first-half too, when O’Sullivan failed to convert the 21-year-old’s pull-back from six yards.
That early chance proved a false dawn for the Super Blues, as Keith Long’s side went about

########
Rank: 19
Score: 49.15873
Retrieved Text: Satsuko “Margaret” Ego, the daughter of Takeo and Yoshino Ozasa, passed away peacefully on July 2, 2014 at the age of 88. She was born on Dec. 30, 1925 in Washington and had been a longtime resident of Gardena, Calif. She is survived by her children, JoAnn (Dexter) Kodama, Linda (Russell) Ung, Randy (Cathy Bayne) Ego and Robin (David) Navarrete; grandchildren, Jefree Tanaka, Jody Ung, Casey Ung, Tracy Ego, Hana Ego, Daniel Ohata, Miyuki Navarrete; great grandchild, Jude Fethers. She is preceded in death by her husband James Ego. As per Margaret’s request, there will be a private burial service.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 49.089787
Retrieved Text: Go for a more casual look while still looking like a die-hard Oregon Ducks fan with any of the latest Casey Eugenio jerseys. You can choose from home and away colors as well as Authentic, Limited, Game and Replica styles of jersey to find the perfect Casey Eugenio jersey for you. Our Casey Eugenio jerseys are available in men, women and youth sizes, so everyone can go to the game in the right colors. No matter what you're looking for, this is the place to shop for Ducks jerseys! Browse our huge collection of Casey Eugenio jerseys today and order your favorites to wear in support of the Oregon Ducks all season long!
Cheer on your Oregon Ducks in this Casey Eugenio Nike Oregon Ducks Men's Replica Football Jersey - Green from Nike!
Cheer on your Oregon Ducks in this Casey Eugenio Nike Oregon Ducks Men's Replica Football Jersey - White from Nike!
Cheer on your Oregon Ducks in this Casey Eugenio Nike Oregon Ducks Men's Replica Alternate Football Jersey - Apple - Green from Nike!
Cheer on your Oregon Ducks in this Casey Eugenio Nike Oregon Ducks Men's Replica Jersey - Black from Nike!
Cheer on your Oregon Ducks in this Casey Eugenio Nike Oregon Ducks Men's Replica Football Jersey - Gold from Nike!
Show off your Oregon Ducks spirit with this Casey Eugenio Nike Oregon Ducks Men's Authentic Football Jersey - Green! You will stay comfortable and look great in this jersey while rooting for the Oregon Ducks.
Show off your Oregon Ducks spirit with this Casey Eugenio Nike Oregon Ducks

########
Rank: 21
Score: 48.9866
Retrieved Text: Home Random Stuff Blog Stephen Amell announces he’s Casey Jones for TMNT 2!
Stephen Amell announces he’s Casey Jones for TMNT 2!
Taking to his personal Facebook page to break some news that’s sure to excite Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle fans, Arrow star and Oliver Queen actor himself Stephen Amell has announced that he will be playing the part of Casey Jones – the hockey mask wearing crimefighter and ally to the Heroes in a Half Shell, in the sequel to the 2014 Jonathan Liebesman directed “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles” film!
While no other details have been released, Jones is one of other classic characters from the TMNT franchise expected to make it in the sequels. Shredder’s henchmen, Bebop and Rocksteady, are also expected to appear as well as Krang and his world of Dimension X.
As a vigilante who was created as a parody to characters fighting crime and taking the law into his own hands, Casey Jones became a steadfast friend to the turtles. In most incarnations, he also became the love interest of fellow turtle ally April O’Neil. With Megan Fox playing the role in the 2014 movie, one has to wonder how Amell’s portrayal and chemistry will get along with her when the sequel comes out.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2 is expected to his theaters on June 3, 2016.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 48.97783
Retrieved Text: Why Buy Ellen Tracy Plus Size?
The Ellen Tracy Blue Crush Cropped Pant N8621395 has a soft knit body with an adjustable drawstring waist, in colorful print options. Ellen Tracy's Blue Crush Cropped Pant is made of rayon/spandex.
The Ellen Tracy Blue Daze PJ Set N8921395 has a tank with lace insets, cropped bottoms and a light knit body. Ellen Tracy's Blue Daze PJ Set is made of rayon/spandex.
The Ellen Tracy Blue Crush Midi Gown with Soft Bra N8221395 has a seamless, wire-free two-ply fabric shelf bra and a light knit body with a paisley print. Ellen Tracy's Blue Crush Midi Gown with Soft Bra is made of rayon/spandex.
The Ellen Tracy Blue Daze Chemise N8821395 has a soft knit body and lace panels set into body. Ellen Tracy's Blue Daze Chemise is made of rayon/spandex.
The Ellen Tracy Short Caftan Tee 8821350 is soft, lightweight and has an allover paisley print. Ellen Tracy Short Caftan Tee is made of rayon/spandex.
The Ellen Tracy Long Caftan 8821352 is soft, loose-fitting and has handy pockets. Ellen Tracy Long Caftan is made of rayon/spandex.
The Ellen Tracy Sail Away Midi Gown with Shelf Bra 8221348 is soft, lightweight and has an allover paisley print. Ellen Tracy Sail Away Midi Gown with Shelf Bra is made of rayon/spandex.
The Ellen Tracy Ocean Blue Cropped Pant 8621347 is soft, loose fitting and has an allover paisley print. Ellen Tracy Ocean Blue Cropped Pant is made of rayon/spandex.
The Ellen Tracy Ocean Blue Short Sleeve Top 8421347 is soft, lightweight and has an colorful paisley print. Ellen Tracy Ocean

########
Rank: 23
Score: 48.745087
Retrieved Text: After facing Watford in the FA Cup third round, Woking captain Josh Casey tells AccountingWEB about balancing his life as a semi-professional footballer and chartered accountant.
For the majority of accountants, starting a new job is a fairly daunting affair. Doing so under the glare of the media spotlight, with news crews and journalists turning up at the office, is fortunately something most don’t have to contend with. However, for CBRE corporate tax manager Josh Casey that’s exactly the situation in which he found himself.
After five years at Smith & Williamson, Casey had recently moved to take up a position at the global property firm. Meanwhile, semi-professional football team Woking, for whom Casey plays left back, was preparing for one of the biggest ties in its history. After overcoming League Two side Swindon in the second round of the FA Cup, Woking faced Premier League Watford in what fans had dubbed “the M25 derby”.
Woking plays in the sixth tier of English football and the club is largely run by volunteers. Despite 110 places separating the two teams, the media anticipated a shock and team captain Casey found himself the centre of a mini media storm.
“It was a surreal couple of weeks,” Casey told AccountingWEB. “In the run-up to the game, we had BBC, Sky and the newspapers coming into my place of work to interview me and get the story on me being an accountant and going up against Watford”.
All 5,700 tickets for the tie were sold, and the £150,000 fee paid for live television is likely

########
Rank: 24
Score: 48.713127
Retrieved Text: Viewing lyrics for Jesus Del Rio (jazz soprano sax) by Tom N Tierney.
GraceStreet jazz original. Dennis Honan, keyboards; me (soprano) sax; Tracy Spence, bass and music production.
When we recorded this piece, we came up with the melody right there in Tracy's old studio. We wanted to do some solo bass guitar and soprano sax lead, and Tracy started playing this melody on his bass. I mimicked it, and added to it... a few hours later we were recording the tune! It was great... I love those 'on-the-spot' inspirations.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 48.690155
Retrieved Text: ​Thank you to everyone who has helped me along my personal journey in recovery and also anyone who has helped or reached out on the Facebook group.
We have an epidemic and we are the only ones who can stop it.
Special Thanks to: Jeanie Hurst, Derrick Czerwin, Rebecca Foss, Kelli Hammons, Tammy Brown, Jessica Vance, Jessi Skinner, Sandra Whitehill for birthing me, Debbie Smith, Gabby Havens and her parents Brian and Sherry and Savannah Havens, James Arnold, Larry Schaaf, Tracy Harris, Bonnie Rayner, Tegan Jones, Jen Newman, Jessica Mort, Ashley Tashina, Alex Stull, Danielle and Kirk Roberts, Chad Merrill, Kaela Sellers, Amy Hershey, The clients and employees at House of Beauty, Ashley White, Daniella Tovar, Jesse Valiente, Robin Huber, Damien Zarkowski, Robin Higginbotham, Claudia Gibson, Chantali Farabee, Arielle Rose, Josh Brohart, Stacey West, Grandma Betty, Kelsey (my sis), Tiffany Woosley, Emily Carey, Gayle Bresson, Baker Chiropractic, Woodhaven, Susan Davis, Pete McKinnis, Wendy Alexander, Jennifer Smoker, Donna Metz, Rhonda and Doug Songer, Casey Thompson, Kim Morrison, Josie Marshall, Lindsey and Allie Enderle, Bible Baptist Church, Pastor Wallace Miller, Sara Miller, Kelly Moorehead, Stephanie Martin, Alli Brennan, Jen Younginger, Luxe, Brian Herrin, Stacey Wiggins, Wendy Krauss, Cass Blue, Ashley Isaacs, Stephen Phillips, Laura Cline, Cheryl Haws, CAT, Casey Kammer, Carline Dayton, Chang, AJ, Tianna Hunley, Nikki Boller, so many many more.. I'll add later.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 48.629166
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately the past couple weeks, I haven&apos;t had too many Lehigh Valley experiences to share on the blog. I&apos;ve been busy watching Temple put a beat down on the formerly 8th-ranked Tennessee.
Lucky for me my girlfriend, Casey, has been picking up the slack for me. Last Wednesday, Casey and her girlfriends went to the Allentown BrewWorks for their “Martinis and Manicures” event.
They arrived at about 6 o’clock for this $10 event and were immediately directed to the second floor above the restaurant. Casey said the room was full of many women socializing with their friends and enjoying $5 martinis. She also noticed all the small tables set up around the perimeter of the room, where the manicures were being done.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 48.620796
Retrieved Text: I would like to address two points that are loudly repeated by the proponents of a new Casey Overpass but I believe are misguided.
First of all, I believe proponents of a new Casey Overpass are misreading history by saying that opposition to extending I-95 through JP supports their cause. Both the extension of I-95 and the creation of the Casey Overpass come from the same mid-century mindframe where car was king and regional and loop highways were being planned all around metro Boston. Blocking I-95 through the city was a huge victory, where people and communities won out over cars. Fifty or so years later, a majority of citizens once again stood up to put people and community over cars by tearing down the Casey Overpass and replacing it with improved surface streets, bike lanes and parkland. The idea that we absolutely need a new overpass highway to keep regional traffic out of Forest Hills is a dated mentality that has been proven wrong in cities around the country. We didn’t need I-95 cutting through Forest Hills then, and we don’t need the Casey Overpass now.
Secondly, I believe proponents of a new Casey Overpass are using language as a scare tactic—specifically by saying that MassDOT is building a “new six-lane highway.” I guess it doesn’t sound ominous enough to say, “MassDOT is adding two lanes of traffic to an existing four-lane road.” We already have six lanes of traffic: the two-lane Casey Overpass and the four-lane New Washington Street. The entire debate is about where to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 48.512833
Retrieved Text: As Vice President of The Reyna Group, every day for Casey Dewees is different. “It’s a blessing and a curse,” he laughs, describing his constantly varying job. Casey has been with The Reyna Group from day one, and is an integral part of the team’s success. While our agents are out helping clients, Casey is working behind the scenes to ensure they have everything they need in order to successfully serve Houston’s homebuyers and sellers.
Whether he is keeping the internet up to speed (he formerly worked for multiple computer companies), coordinating schedules or staying in constant contact with agents, everything Casey does ultimately helps you, our clients, get the best deals possible.
When he’s not managing the office and day-to-day operations of the company , the native Houstonian gardens at his Spring Branch home (“When I’m stressed I just like to trim stuff up and pick some weeds”) and enjoys his weekends riding his bike along the seawall or boating in Galveston.
Ultimately, our success (and therefore our clients’ happiness) at the Reyna Group is a direct result of Casey’s hard work . . . and all that weed pulling.
We had the utmost confidence in Casey. Whatever advice he gave us, we took it as the gospel. He was so knowledgable about the the pricing and the decisions about the market that we had to make, that we felt like we were in good hands at all times. He was amazing and we are hugely grateful to him for all of the hard work he did for us.
Casey

########
Rank: 29
Score: 48.381104
Retrieved Text: While most students have never been inside and cannot tell you what the Oliver Watson House is, one Ph.D. student has dedicated her time to teaching others about the historic site.
Alanna Casey, one of the few students chosen to be a caretaker, has been residing and providing tours at the Oliver Watson House since the fall of 2013. While tours do not occur every day, Casey keeps a close eye on possible maintenance issues and the day-to-day workings of the home. Incidentally, this ended up benefiting Casey’s studies.
“My research for my Ph.D. is on climate change effects on historical sites, so this was a pretty good fit, [and a] pretty good match,” Casey said.
When Casey first applied to be a caretaker for the Oliver Watson House, she was working toward a dual master’s degree in history and a Ph.D. in marine affairs. Since then, she’s finished her master’s, but is still working toward a doctorate.
Although the house was built between 1792 and 1796, Casey said she’s not lacking modern day comforts and conveniences. The house does have electricity and heat throughout the house, but heat is a recent feature since Casey began living there. However, Casey said that living in an old house can still be “creepy,” despite all the updates.
The Oliver Watson House is a two-story home, featuring an additional one-story annex and a number of rooms and artifacts within it. Some of the home’s most important rooms were the hearth room, where the family would have gathered most of the time around an always

================



======= Instance Index 4015 =========
Input Text: Context: Skylar's boyfriend wanted to know how well Cameron knew Skylar, so Cameron impressed Skylar's boyfriend with their knowledge.

Question: What will happen to Skylar?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: be trusted to know things

B: know

C: be treated poorly

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 72.21665
Retrieved Text: A secretive hacktivist group named KAOS seemingly hacks whatever program the viewer has been watching. The audience is told that what they are about to view is top secret video footage found hidden in the Edward Snowden files. As the footage begins, the audience is introduced to four high school seniors, twin brother and sister, Skylar and Dakota, and Skylar's boyfriend Corey and Dakota’s boyfriend Tren. They are heading to the mountains to go camping for a long weekend. Skylar, being an aspiring vlogger with his own YouTube Channel, has enlisted his sister and their boyfriends to record the entire weekend on their mobile devices. After they notice strange lights in the sky, unexplainable events begin to unfold. The tensions rise as they struggle to remain sane and safe and race to figure out what is happening and how to escape just as the film comes to a climatic and shocking finale.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 63.28652
Retrieved Text: Our Christmas party -- held at Skylar's request, partially because she wanted to wear a fancy velvet dress -- is several hours in the past. But seeing the remaining dishes has revived the evening's impressions.
kdotdammit and I both remarked how much we like our friends, particularly when they interact with people they don't know as well. It's a test of something, what we want to test for.
Items of note included Kim's risotto; Eric doing his higher octave version of "Thunder Road;" Alice hinting that I should leave her and Skylar alone by saying, "It would be nice to, like, be alone;" Hannah and Alice rushing to Skylar's aid with feel-better jewelry after she took a spill; Laura's mulled wine (which I preferred before the addition of the forgotten sugar); Jesse rocking out on the little kid's guitar; Laurie not making me wash the plastic cups; the kids sitting around the chimenea, ever so cute; Susan and Richard's awesome gift to me of a George W. Bush "aviator" doll; David playing "Jingle Bells" for all; Joanna's new MLA haircut; Chris's impeturbabilty when Des and Trav were flailing about him; the little "scary" doll things that elizabeg brought for Skylar and Kim; Richard having a few too many chocolate-covered raisins; Michael and Eric talking philosophy; Elliot's immersion in the world of iPod; Sean's Delta blues impression on the little kid's guitar; Lina's question about smoking when Sean's adviser was present; Beth's cake-bread thing that Kim is now eating; Sara and Yuanyuan talking about music; Skylar and Trav taking

########
Rank: 2
Score: 62.666073
Retrieved Text: That moment when the image of Skylar's gorgeous bolero appeared in front of me, I knew this Chesapeake bridal session was going to be a gem to share. Bride Skylar contacted Sarah of Sarah Street Photography only a few short weeks before her wedding. She wasn't originally going to have bridals taken (it was almost as if she had read into the future and saw our Tuesday Tidbits on Bridal Portraits!), but she wanted to have no regrets as there aren't very many times you can wear a bridal gown!
At the ripe temperature of 35 degrees, it was a very cold afternoon, but you would have never known it by how radiant Skylar looked. Between her family friend's farm, the gown, soft wintry bolero, and her Badgley Mischka heels, she was picture perfect.
Skylar and her hubby were married late November in Williamsburg, so we wish them much happiness as newlyweds!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 56.96875
Retrieved Text: This page added on April 1, 2001.
The outdoor pix were from Skylar's Birthday get together. The indoor pix are from around Xmas when Skylar stayed with us for a night.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 54.836662
Retrieved Text: Summer-Glau.com Forum » Filmography » Other movies/shows » Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish and let Zoe be used by Red Flag?
At the end of Alphas season 2 episode 6 'Alphaville', Skylar escapes with her daughter Zoe and is later approached by Stanton Parish himself. He offers Skylar "to help make the world a better place" by providing "an environment that child like Zoe and Skylar herself can shrive in".
Will she join him and let her daughter's power become a tool of Red Flag? Take the poll!
It's hard to say. The situation is complex.
Frankly, I think Skylar just wants to be left alone to raise Zoe without interference but with the support of a community.
She lost that community in 2x06 and she has no reason to trust Parish after his lackey's destroyed it.
Given her issues with Rosen, I doubt she'd turn to him or his group.
I would say she would probably strike out on her own again, but we already know she's returning for two more episodes so that doesn't seem likely.
So like I said, it's complex. I'll wait and see where the series takes us to find out.
Oh yeah! I hope she zaps Parish. I really hate assholes who go about acting all gentrified when in truth all they want is power and destruction.
You make good points Russell.
We know that, as hard she'd like to avoid all this, she'll be involved in the latest episodes.
She turned

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.7016
Retrieved Text: For Drew Lawson, there isn't anyone else as undeniably off-limits as the addictively sweet, mind-wreckingly beautiful Skylar Sullivan. Hell, she's the very definition of the girl-next-door do-gooder. And while he is officially classified as a white hat hacker by the suit-wearing folks who keep track of that sort of thing, no one would ever say that hat of his is exactly pristine.
So when Skylar's arrival at his doorstep on the roughest night of the year for him every year leads to a downright memorable hotel mishap, an impromptu winter road trip, and the discovery of a secret that could change how she sees him forever, Drew is convinced the universe is on some kind of convoluted mission to thaw his cold, jaded heart.
...Because, lordy, they've certainly sent in a ringer to get the job done right.
Before That Promise is a quick & emotional, short & sweet crossover holiday novella starring two of my favorite secondary characters -- Skylar Sullivan from my Can't Resist series, all grown up, and Drew Lawson from my Cactus Creek series, as swoonworthy as ever (no worries, you don't have to have read either of those series). There's a HFN (happily-for-now) ending, with the second book in this duet (Every Promise Unspoken) picking up a few years down the line for this utterly meant to be couple.
NOTE: Book Two will be released after Violet's medical prognosis improves (she's been on medical leave since January 2017 receiving aggressive new treatments and surgeries for multiple failing organs). We're hopeful that these treatments take and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 50.966206
Retrieved Text: Listen To Pitbull & Skylar Grey's "Aquaman" Soundtrack Songs!
Critics are saying the “Aquaman” movie that hits theaters next week is going to tank in the box office. But even if “Aquaman” proves to be another disaster for DC, we would at least have gotten something good of out of it. What? Pitbull and Skylar Grey's new songs. The “Aquaman” soundtrack album got released today and out of all the tracks, the ones by Mr Worldwide and the former Eminem protégée are the only that are not instrumentals. Hmm, was the budget too tight or what?
Pitbull’s song is “Ocean to Ocean" and it is an upbeat, feel-good record that samples Toto's legendary hit “Africa”.
Skylar Grey's song is “Everything I Need” (what a fitting title) and it is a beautiful piano ballad. I had actually forgotten how much I liked Skylar's voice. I hope she's able to pull a comeback in the near future. She's super talented.
Which of the two is your favorite?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 50.09465
Retrieved Text: ... found over at A Little Bit of This and That. Skylar taught me how to make a "spiral" friendship bracelet! Most girls probably learn this technique when they are Skylar's age, but I didn't and I've always wanted to learn! Thanks, Skylar!
I learned from a Crafty Mommy over at Ali.Lilly! Thank you, Ami for sharing this wonderful tutorial! And welcome (back) to Texas!
...found while commenting on one of Sandy Ang's beautiful cards. Having spotted the "most viewed ever" link on her sidebar I just had to check out her beautiful Kusudama Flower Bookmark. The real gem was this link I found on her tutorial page.
Folding Trees (the best tutorials and paper creations online) is no longer an active blog, but in their own words "...we have compiled a valuable resource as a source of inspiration and tutorials, and we hope you’ll continue to visit us..." Well, June and Eve, you can count on me visiting often and I am thrilled to have found you!
I've been inspired to combine these two "techniques" in some ways I think you'll find appealing. I'll be sharing them with you soon!
Which is the same as the one above, but a different layout. The colors are custom colors I entered into the Wordle site. Cool, eh?
The custom coloring on this one I did myself in Photoshop. I made an anniversary card for my friend's using their names, adjectives describing them and their marriage, and proper nouns of the things they like - they loved it! My mind is just spinning with

########
Rank: 8
Score: 48.932404
Retrieved Text: In Tennessee, The Leaf Chronicle reports that Girl Scout Skylar Hughes is turning a very tragic situation into a public awareness campaign while working toward earning her Girl Scout Gold Award.
Skylar's former Middle School physical education teacher Kathryn “Katy” Elizabeth Over and her husband Jonathan Michael Over died along with three others – Timothy Bryan Stone, James Franklin Wall II and Wall’s girlfriend Allison Elizabeth Bagwell-Wyatt – in a carbon monoxide poisoning accident while attending last year’s Leslie W. Watson Memorial Toy Run at the Clarksville Speedway.
All five were found dead in a recreational vehicle the Sunday morning of the festival weekend. The Tennessee medical examiner found over 45 percent carbon monoxide saturation levels in their blood.
The carbon monoxide awareness flier talks about the “invisible killer,” how it is an odorless, colorless and tasteless gas. It explains what can cause the gas, shows a chart of a home and where the potential sources are, and finally what you can do to prevent and be aware of gases. Skylar presented these fliers at Green Day Clarksville.
Next, she got in touch with Roy Gregory, Executive Director of University Advancement at Austin Peay State University, and through Gregory and her mother, she set up a scholarship for those wanting to go into health and human performance as a career – Katy’s degree.
Skylar eventually got in touch with Clarksville Mayor Kim McMillan, Montgomery County Mayor Carolyn Bowers, state Rep. Joe Pitts and state Sen. Tim Barnes.
Pitts said Skylar approached Barnes and himself and asked how the community might honor the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.39657
Retrieved Text: Indeed, their relationship has changed since they wed in 1996. Paul went on to date Jennifer Aniston and Cameron Diaz and is now married to socialite Federica. Trial date set for Beaver Dam man charged with reckless homicide.
American Museum Of Natural Historys 2017 Museum Gala. Candace is super open about her history with disordered eating: She. Sweetin welcomed daughter Beatrix with musician and DJ boyfriend. May 19, 2015. And as they say, the rest is musical history. Matts new girlfriend didnt work out but Steves did, and camreon rest is history.
See Also: Dove Cameron Boyfriend, Age, Dating, Relationship With Ryan McCartan. Date/Time, Thumbnail, Dimensions, User, Comment. Dove Cameron 1 of 7.
In late 2016, she began dating Thomas Doherty. Explore Candace Cameron Bures board Shameless Promotion on Pinterest.
Jul 7, 2015. Raven-Symoné and Candace Cameron Bure argue about lesbian wedding cake ruling on “The View”. Should DJ and Steve be candace cameron dating history or is this ancient history? Appreciate the league dating app vip ticket vibesthe history & look candacr to what 3 bosses like ourselves can. Candace Cameron Bures Christmas Across America. Jun 2, 2017 - 3 minSinger and model Xandace Bure, 18-year-old daughter of “Full House” actress Candace Cameron.
Brooklyn Beckhams Dating History: A Timeline of His Famous Exes. She has written three books till date including the candace cameron dating history New York. Dec 1, 2014 - 3 min - Dahing by extratvExtras” Charissa Thompson candace cameron dating history up with John Stamos at the Acmeron of Orange Countys.
Apr 15, 2017. And playing Stephanie Tanner—little

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.30131
Retrieved Text: SHE’S THE ULTIMATE WEAPON IN FIGHTING DESTINY.
New York Times and USA Today bestselling author Suzanne Brockmann and her daughter Melanie Brockmann have written a pulse-pounding novel of paranormal suspense set in a near future both fantastic and frightening.
I was a little nervous about this one when I got the email blast from Sourcefire to have the opporunity to review this one. It is called a "paranormal suspense" but I would say it leans more towards science fiction, so don't let that fool you into thinking this book isn't for you. It was actually a lot better than I was anticipating because it didn't have all the elements of your typical "Girl Finds Out She Has Superpowers" type deal.
I really liked Skylar. I thought she was pretty cool -- the type of person I'd want to be friends with if they were real. She took her responsibilities seriously and wanted to do the right thing by Sasha and her family. I liked that Skylar saw Sasha almost as a little sister. I also liked that she was JUST friends with Calvin. I liked that their relationship wasn't defined by them wanting each other but not doing anything about it. While I do think Calvin has feelings for Skylar, she just sees him as a brother-type individual. This was SO REFRESHING. Actually, Calvin's character in general was refreshing: a disabled, poc character who was right in the mix of things. Skylar was always adamant about him coming along, whether it be to the training sessions or to the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 48.176872
Retrieved Text: A force of evil surrounds him.
"NO!" Skylar yelled sitting up in his bed. "Another bloody dream" He thought to himself. Well these had actually been nightmares, but not those fictional nightmares normal people had, no, these were events that actually happened. Skylar's mother dying at childbirth. Then every once in awhile Skylar would have a dream about what seemed to be the future a guy in a cloak, this guy seemed like he was evil like looking at death itself, this guy, looked like Skylar. Skylar wasn't certain though he never thought of himsell killing people like the guy in the dream did.
Skylar got out of bed threw on a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt and headed out of the dorms. Right as he reached the door Sky stopped, turned around, and went to grab his cloak then headed back outside to the Slytherin Common Room. There he grab a couple of cookies off the table and headed out of the Common Room.
Sneaking his was past a couple of professors, Skylar finally, made it to the Great Hall and then went outside. He took a breath in of the fresh air of the night. He looked up at the sky, no stars, it was rather cloudy and was suggesting rain. Earlier that day, it had poured like none other, then stopped about dinner time.
Skylar headed towards the lake and his normal sitting place, an oddly shaped rock that was right on the opposite side of the lake. Once there, Skylar climbed up on

########
Rank: 12
Score: 47.550602
Retrieved Text: Seventeen-year-old Skylar has been haunted for as long as she can remember by fleeting yet powerful sensations that something is horribly wrong. But despite the visions of disaster that torment her, nothing ever happens, and Sky's beginning to think she's crazy. Then she meets a mysterious, otherworldly boy named Win and discovers the shocking truth her premonitions have tapped into: that our world no longer belongs to us. For thousands of years, life on Earth has been at the mercy of alien scientists who care nothing for humans and are using us as the unwitting subjects of their time-manipulating experiments. Win belongs to a rebel faction seeking to put a stop to it, and he needs Skylar's help to save the world and keep the very fabric of reality together. Megan Crewe's latest tale takes readers on a mind-bending journey through time with a cast of unforgettable characters.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 47.492588
Retrieved Text: In kindergarten Skylar and her classmates at Manzanita were told to use "kids' spelling" all the time. When I was volunteering in her class I'd say, "Use your sounders!," because that made-up word did the best job of reminding them what do do. Now that they're in first grade, though, they have spelling tests each week. The transition from an approach where the emphasis is on expression alone to one where being correct takes precedence has been confusing at times. As my friend whose daughter is two years ahead of Skylar once noted, even six and seven-year-olds can sense ideological conflict in the classroom. Luckily for Skylar, though, the injunction to start doing things the grown-up way has been tempered by plenty of encouragement to use "kids' spelling" in other assignments. When she writes us her weekly note or does her homework, she is permitted to translate sound to paper phonetically in order to bridge the many gaps in her orthographic expertise.
I struggled to figure some of the words out, but once I did, I was delighted. "Veginya" for "Virginia"; "cheravled" for "travelled"; "Callaforsyu" for "California" -- these transcriptions capture the nasal quality of American English pronunciation beautifully. Linguists can learn a lot from children. Toddlers especially. But the lingering use of "kids' spelling" at Skylar's age gives that utility a longer shelf life. I just hope that the transition from this hybrid spelling situation to all-grown-up all the time works out as well as the last one.
1) Those that don't read much have to tendency

########
Rank: 14
Score: 47.343323
Retrieved Text: Today I want to continue the story of the three little rescue Doberman puppies that we took on in April last year. In the photos in this post, Princess and Lily are about ten weeks old and they were taken in the last four days when we had both puppies. Elsa, the third puppy, was already adopted out to someone who looked she was giving her a good home.
At that point, the two remaining puppies were relentless in their desire to play with Skylar, our red adult Dobie boy, who was mostly a good sport and put up with them.
Here Skylar is wrestling with Lily, do you see how he is holding her down with his right front leg? Of course, Princess wants to be part of the game, too.
Lily found a way to free herself from Skylar's grip.
...but somehow bugging Skylar was even more fun.
Often all three dogs loved involving their humans into their play as well. Yes, these are famous Doberman teeth!
Sometimes it pays off to hide between the legs of the master.
...and most often ready to join the action.
Lily proudly claiming a garden chair.
...which worked for a moment: She is rolling on her back and showing her belly in submission towards him.
Little Lily practicing the "Doberman attitude".
Lily: "You don't want to play with me anymore?"
Lily: "Hah, I know there was a way to get you engaged again."
But sometimes even the puppies had enough from their play and climbed on their master's warm legs to rest and relax.
Or, for even more comfort they climbed

########
Rank: 15
Score: 46.65043
Retrieved Text: Everyone loves Skylar Whitfield, Greendown Couty's winsome charmer. He has innate sexiness that makes women smile. But he doesn't make his cousin Jonathan smile. Jonathan's a Harvard preppy gracing the South for the first time and he has a hard time with Skylar's penchant for hot summer nights, long-legged women and southern masculinity. Skylar has an equal distaste for Jonathan's presumptions, snobbery and northern propriety.
Hired by a wealthy family to locate their teenage daughter, Sunny Randall, a former cop turned Boston P.I., soon finds herself the bodyguard for a difficult teenager who refuses to return to her family. But before long, Sunny is facing greater problems than she ever imagined including a criminal conspiracy that reaches to the top of the state government.
Young Fletch is less than pleased to be writing a business story, something that's well outside his field of expertise. Eager to get back out on the streets, he quickly compiles what he thinks is a well-executed article, complete with quotes from the chairman of the board's recent memos. But when he fails to do his due diligence when researching the company and its associates, he finds himself in hot water...and now out of a job. The chairman has been dead for more than a year.
Realizing his mistake, he visits the widow, Bradley, to make amends - and to ask a few simple questions. But her strange demeanor and puzzling answers leave Fletch perplexed. He can't help but wonder: Why would a dead man still be writing memos to his associates? Is he even

########
Rank: 16
Score: 46.230797
Retrieved Text: Casting an online promotion for a legal defense service offered across the U.S.
Must defend her innocence in the defense of her family's life.
Must keep his family together while his wife, Amanda, faces a long and difficult criminal trial.
Marty's family is in turmoil, and he must put on a brave face for his little sister.
One tough cookie, and she stands tall as her family faces obstacles they never thought they'd encounter.
Helen's daughter is in trouble with the law, and she steps up to help her grandchildren cope.
Has always been tough on his daughter, so when she finds herself on trial for self-defense, he is torn between pride and terror.
Has been on the police force for a long time, and must get to the bottom of a disturbing case before time runs out.
Males must have roughly 34 inch waist OR 44 inch waist.
Females must have roughly 38 inch bust, 32 inch waist.
Spent most of his life in prison, and is on the hunt for easy money when life gives him Skylar and Ricky.
Skylar's young existence has been rough, and she intends to make headlines one way or another, until a thirst for revenge drives her to even darker places.
Ricky's life of crime culminates in a tragic end that leaves his girlfriend, Skylar, on the hunt for revenge.
Dr. Lizer's job is to find and extract justice at all costs, and this time the right side of the line is hard to find.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 45.70114
Retrieved Text: I'm headed off soon to the much-anticipated Cracker + Camper Van Beethoven show, for which I did the feature in Phoenix New Times.
It will probably go late, which means it's lucky that Skylar's surgery tomorrow was pushed back an hour.
After voting this afternoon -- Kim and I just brought Skylar into the polling station -- for John Kerry -- a practical decision, we think -- we came home to have a family dinner and rest.
Kim sent me next door to her parents to get an onion, which led to me getting in a conversation with them about politics. Thank G-d that they are Democrats. I have an increasingly hard time even looking at Republicans. I mean, the Democrats have problems. But this is the worst President we've had in our nation's history, by far.
On the way out of their door, I tripped over one of their "Malibu lights" -- a real term, apparently -- because I was blown away by the rain-swept blush of the sky.
I rushed home, picked up Skylar, and carried her outside to see the sunset, Kim following close behind.
Believe it or not, we get sunsets nearly this nice several times a week during the two seasons of potential rain, mid-winter and the monsoon.
I used to be dumbfounded by the people around me on BART who couldn't be bothered to look out the train window to see the spectacular sunsets over the Golden Gate as we travelled between El Cerrito and El Cerrito Del Norte stations.
I'm so, so glad that my five-year-old has

########
Rank: 18
Score: 45.192852
Retrieved Text: Dove Cameron (born Chloe Celeste Hosterman) is an American actress and singer, known for playing a dual role as the eponymous characters in the Disney Channel teen sitcom Liv and Maddie (2013-2017) and playing Mal, daughter of Maleficent in Descendants (2015) and the sequel Descendants 2 (2017).
Ranking Disney Channel's Top 10 Real-Life Couples: Dove Cameron and Ryan McCartan, Zac Efron and Vanessa Hudgens and More By & Cameron and McCartan started dating in 2013.
Early life. Cameron was born in Seattle, Washington on January 15, 1996 as Chloe Celeste Hosterman to Philip Alan Hosterman and Bonnie Wallace. She has one older sister, Claire Hosterman, who was born in 1989. At the age of eight, she began acting in community theater.
6/18/2016 · Dove Cameron arrives at the Make-Up Artists and Hair Stylists Guild Awards at Paramount Studios on February 20, 2016 in Hollywood, California.
Thomas Doherty Photos, News, and Videos | Just Jared Jr.
Watch video · Movies Watch Dove Cameron Gush Over Boyfriend Ryan McCartan The Disney Channel star tells MTV News how her 'Liv and Maddie' love interest became her real-life boyfriend.
2/16/2017 · "We're keeping it to ourselves, because everything is just so more romantic and real when it's yours and it's private. So, we are keeping the details to ourselves, but yeah, we're dating."
Learn about Dove Cameron: her birthday, what she did before fame, her family life, fun trivia facts, popularity rankings, and more. Fun facts: before fame, family life, popularity rankings, and more. Famous Birthdays. video; In late 2016, she began dating Thomas Doherty.
“We’re dating. I’m

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.851006
Retrieved Text: Diaz moving to Essex with lover?
Tabloid reports claim that Cameron Diaz is considering moving to Essex with boyfriend Paul Sculfor.
Tabloid reports have claimed that Cameron Diaz is considering moving to Essex with boyfriend Paul Sculfor.
According to Metro, the Hollywood actress, 36, and British lover are interested in a Â£2.2million mansion in Billericay.
The bricklayer-turned-model apparently fell "in love" with the Essex house when he was a child.
Sculfor, 37, moved in with Diaz at her Beverley Hills property in December. His previous partners include Jennifer Aniston and Lisa Snowdon.
Cameron Diaz moving in with Rodriguez?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.812286
Retrieved Text: 3 Ice Cubes: Former "Jerseylicious" Star Expecting Second Daughter!
Tracy DiMarco Eps of "Jerseylicious" fame is expecting her second child with husband Corey Eps and they did a huge gender reveal over Mother's Day weekend. If you keep up with the hairdresser extraordinaire on Instagram, you would have seen that she kept fans at the edges of their seats after she revealed that she was pregnant again and that we would have to wait until May 7th to find out the gender. Luckily, we were not alone as mom, dad, and baby girl Skylar James also waited until the same day to find out.
To honor Corey's father, Gene, who recently passed away, the Eps family planned a baseball event where Tracy would throw the pitch to Corey. When he hit the ball, blue would come out for a boy and pink would come out for a girl. I was so sure that it was a boy that I was shocked when the ball turned hot pink but super excited for the expanding family. This baby could not have come at a better time and it is clear from Skylar's personal Instagram that she is already a fashionista, like her mommy. No doubt the new baby, named __ Gene Eps will be super fashion forward as well. Congratulations to the Eps family! We cannot wait to see your new addition and love the way that you took a gender reveal to the next level!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 44.610477
Retrieved Text: After seeing Skylar's end-of-the-week show at art camp, I took her out for ice cream. Then we stopped briefly at Bookman's, where I scanned the shelves of two dollar VHS tapes and found a two-cassette Charlie Chaplin set, John Woo's The Killers and Grease, which she has been asking to see again since she was exposed to it last summer at art camp. I'd never seen it. Indeed, I knew shockingly little about it, other than that it has been praised by many people and features John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John.
I was cooking dinner while she watched it tonight, but watched enough to reinforce the lesson of the last few weeks' discussions of what is and isn't "age-appropriate" for her, inspired by her reaction to certain pieces in the Arizona Biennial: she's far less troubled by sexual content than the depiction of violence. While she may not have understood most of the innuendoes in the film, she definitely grasps the fact that Sandy transforms herself in order to be more enticing for Danny. And she picked up on a lot of other plot details concerning romance. But none of it bothered her greatly because, despite the surprising grit of the film's secondary characters -- frequently, Travolta and Newton-John seem to be starring in a different, less realistic picture -- the narrative lacks a meaningful antagonist.
Still, I don't think I would have let her watch it if I'd known everything the film contains. Because she'd already seen it multiple times last summer, I felt less guilty than

########
Rank: 22
Score: 44.53004
Retrieved Text: CLEVELAND, Ohio – Saturday night, a dream began for a wonderful young couple. You might even say it began in a flash.
But what she didn’t know is that her boyfriend Cameron, who also serves in the National Guard, had a plan up his sleeve.
“Everybody here is in on it, but she has no idea,” said Fox 8?s Elisa Amigo, Cameron’s sister.
The song starts to play, and everyone on the roof breaks out into a flash mob. But then, to Brooke’s surprise, Cameron joins in. The mob, filled with many of their friends and family, finishes their dance by forming a tunnel. The couple runs through, and at the end Cameron pops the big question. She, of course, says yes.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.80421
Retrieved Text: We made it back in time for Kylee's last kindergarten field trip of the year and we were both happy that I got to tag along on it. I have loved volunteering in her classroom every other week and being a part of different events...and she has LOVED having me there...may this continue when she is older as well. I do worry at times with how much she wants me around making our moves and adjustments even more difficult. I still can't believe how shy she is in most situations cause it is just not the girl we see at home or with friends. However, for now I will just continue loving being loved. We had a good time at Camp Albemarle on scavenger hunts, painting, going down by the river eating and being together. I LOVE this girl!
Alexis loves this girl too or should I say Kylee loves Alexis...well it goes both ways! I need to do a blog on their personalities soon and the crazy sister relationship/manipulation that is forming! A common phrase heard in our home lately is "SLEEP IN CHOTHERS BEDS" as we cater to Lexi's cute voice and now we all say the same thing instead of, sleep in each others beds. These girls beg to sleep together but rarely ever can fall asleep. They enjoy their so called "chit chat time" We love it too and are so happy they have each other. One night they actually succeeded and we got this image in Ky's bed.
Don't mind Lexi's chin, that

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.01641
Retrieved Text: Product ID: 241548 SKU: DS45/A982408. Categories: Boyfriend, Cameron Boyfriend, Jeans, Womens. Tags: Blue, True Religion.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.810944
Retrieved Text: Location : Stalker much? but if you must know, behind you.
Benjamin watched the dog bow. "Hello, Skylar. If you're looking for a pack, you've found the right place. I allow you to join." Benjamin said. Jackie perked her ears at the words "i allow you to join." Without thinking, she trotted over to the territory line where Benjamin and Shattered were. "Hello!" Jackie yipped, her tail swaying. Shattered gave her a weird look and Benjamin glared at her. "Umm.... bye." Jackie said, slowly inching back to her rock. You're an idiot! Jackie thought, very embarrassed by her actions. Meanwhile, Serenity saw the whole thing. The stranger bowing, Benjamin saying something, Jackie prancing over to them then going back to her rock. Serenity's eyes switched from wolf to wolf. Benjamin, Shattered, the stranger who looked like a dark ghost, Jackie. Serenity looked up at the mystical sun that was partly covered by small, puffy clouds. She sighed and waited for something to happen.
Midnight dashed a look in every direction then she saw them three males standing at what she did think as the pack boarder she walked over appearing behind the black male and acting no diffrent from how she did when alone. Midnight bowed only slightly because of her hurt paw and the large gash on her side the bow hurt it quite a bit but not enough to make her yelp. "Hello I am Midnight and i would love to join your pack with the alpha's approval."
Benjamin nodded sagely. "You both may join." He said,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 42.55334
Retrieved Text: Instead of picking out a gown encrusted with rhinestones or accented with lace, Skyler Branch took a different route.
Picking out a prom dress is a major high school milestone. But one Memphis-based student, Skyler Branch, wanted to do something completely different: Instead of picking out a gown encrusted with rhinestones or accented with lace, she designed her own dress decorated with the faces of black women who inspire her.
"I was inspired by a young lady in Florida who did a tribute to all of the police brutality victims on her prom dress last year, but I wanted to expand that idea further and base it off of the women who inspired me in my life. Not even just famous people or famous women, but the women in my family who have done so much for me," Branch told TODAY Style over the phone.
Shannon Pierce, a seamstress in Mephis, brought Branch's dream dress to life, with the final product featuring famous faces like Oprah, Aaliyah, Michelle Obama, Maya Angelou, Halle Berry, Harriett Tubman and Rosa Parks.
"It was an honor and pleasure creating this beautiful piece which included strong black women!" Pierce wrote on Instagram. "She said she wanted to take them all to prom with her and i think we did just that."
In addition to recognizable names, Branch's dress also included women in her family who inspire her, like her great grandmother, grandmother, aunts and her mom, Dayna Branch.
"The women who go unknown to a lot of the people outside of celebrities, like myself and my grandmother,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 42.433296
Retrieved Text: A couple of weeks ago I took the boys to a place called Safety Town. It is at a fire station in a neighboring city where all the kids got a tour and got to try on the firemen uniform and learn all sorts of cool things about the truck and the things in it. They also have a 5/8th scale town that looks like a normal town with stop lights and everything. It has a bank, a courthouse, wal-mart, church, houses, doctors office, and all sorts of little buildings. When they kids are older they have a program that teaches them safety and then the kids get to drive around little jeeps like powerwheels and remember what they learned about safety. It was so much fun and the kids really enjoyed it. Can't wait for them to get a little older so they can drive the cars around. Here are some pics of our fun.
Luke was a little nervous.
My baby is almost 10 months old already. I can hardly believe it. I took him to his 9month check up and these are his stats.
As you can tell from his stats he is a tiny little thing, or should I say skinny. Our goal is to gain some weight. He is still such a happy little guy and content to just sit in his car seat when we are out at places. He is crawling everywhere and is so fast. He follows Cameron and Luke from room to room and loves watching them play. He pulls

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.360325
Retrieved Text: A 25-year-old Indiana woman has told of the terrifying moment her boyfriend allegedly tried to rip her tongue out with his bare hands.
Carleigh Hager was taken to hospital with a long list of horrific injuries, including a partially ripped tongue, bleeding on her brain, 20 bite marks across her body and a quarter-sized open wound on her face, after a brutal attack.
Her family say her now former live-in boyfriend, 26-year-old Ryan Cameron, savagely beat the woman Saturday night, strangled her, bashed her head against a door frame and attempted to bite off the tip off her nose and ear.
Police responded to the couple's home in the 2300 block of Hanover Drive in Indianapolis just after midnight Sunday and arrested Cameron on preliminary charges of battery and strangulation.
He was being held at Marion County Jail awaiting his initial court appearance, which was scheduled for Wednesday, reported the Indianapolis Star.
Hager's loved ones first shared her story on GoFundMe.com Tuesday as part of an effort to raise money to cover her mounting medical expenses.
Graphic images posted on the site show a badly bruised Ms Hager lying in a hospital bed wearing a neck brace. The woman’s face and neck are covered in what looks like scratches, and there is a chunk of flesh missing right above her left eye.
According to the description of the fundraiser, the incident that led to Hager’s hospitalization took place Saturday night after she and Ryan Cameron had returned home from a wedding with friends.
Hager told reporters an argument ensued, which turned physical, and he

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.91907
Retrieved Text: I fellasleep for a few short minutes and woke up by Scarlett nudging me "hm?....What?" We landed Scarlett didn't look to good "Ya alright?" I stood up more on my seat "Uh....Yeah Skylar snores in his sleep though" She said I couldn't help but chuckle at this "I figured where is he?" I looked around the helicopter no one was there Scarlett grabbed my wrist "This is all your fault ya know...." She said My eyes were staring stright at her Her face looked..... diffrent. "What?" I stood up did she really just say that? I mean I was talking to Scarlett wasn't I? "Your nothing but a monster" She was staring at the ground her eyes seemed lost "What are you saying Scar- Something made my eyes stare at the floor there was blood everywhere......Three men Scattered across the ground including the sergant, They were all dead. I backed away from the scene I looked past Scarlett I covered my mouth with the sight befor me Skylar was in his sit....with his throat slit I felt the tears rushing down my face "oh my god...." I said "you did it in your sleep" Scarlett said she stood up she had four stabs in her stomach "I tried to fight you off but you got me right here" She held her stomach "Scarlett....." I was terrified I finally noticed the blood all over my shirt "I'm so sorry" I said Scarlett was coming closer "I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry!!!" I screeched I kept apoligizing until

================



======= Instance Index 9000 =========
Input Text: Context: Kai wasn't always close to his brother. Kai shared stories with his brother and Kai grew close to him.

Question: What will Others want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: get his brother to share stories too

B: ignore eachother

C: grow closer

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 71.15499
Retrieved Text: Cherry_the_Writer would love your feedback! Got a few minutes to write a review?
Summary: When Kai is having a rough day, he wishes for it all to be over so that his troubles would go away. But the next day, he is in for a surprise: he finds that the day repeats itself.
Kai gritted his teeth in anger, despite the fact that he was also freezing to death. He gripped his arms hastily as his teeth began to chatter. Suddenly, he felt someone wrapping a blanket around his back.
"You're not going to get any ice cream?" Kai asked, though his words were choppy. It was a day full of no crimes and no evil; another day off.
Cole shook his head and took a seat by Kai. "I should've stopped them before they pushed you into the water," the Black Ninja let out a small sigh and looked down to the ground. "But they were just -"
The bell chimed and the rest of the group walked out of the door.
Zane didn't come out with anything. Kai's eyes lit up and he gazed from one cone to another. He wished he could've gotten some, but it wasn't such a good idea if he was already cold enough. Although the heat on his back did feel nice.
"Aww man! This ice cream is soooo good!" Jay shouted, jumping up and down. He licked his frozen treat and hummed sweetly.
Lloyd bit out of his cone. "I'm just happy there's no trouble today! I wish everyday was like this!"
Nya stood over by her

########
Rank: 1
Score: 67.74653
Retrieved Text: room within the youth were Shen Tu! Constant Gathering Chamber of Commerce President Ai Ou child, is also Xue Yue Second Brother!
That Yang Kai refugee Hanging Mainland, Shen Tu was in it, two people were strength feeble, but Saint Stage, Shen Tu cultivation level slightly higher, only had, Saint Three-layer.
two people the Hanging Mainland mutual cooperates, but also have a friendship.
But the Hanging Mainland out after, Yang Kai follow Shen Tu took a trip to Constant Gathering Chamber of Commerce main star Moon Water Star, since that separated, already dozens of load.
Yang Kai, how is didn't expect will in Violet Star met this fellow, therefore it is accidental.
“is this Yang!” Yang Kai laughed.
“You?” Shen Tu brow tight wrinkle, stunned to ask.
“this matter , it&apos;s a long story, Shen Tu brother. Can we let these guys ... uh, calm down?” Yang Kai up another four months at him out there, one face hostile martial artist.
Then four months Void Return Stage look at each other in blank dismay, and remove the own&apos;s Saint Yuan, Yang Kai, see, they don&apos;t have change, this is gone, Domain.
Instant time, room within the resumption of freedom.
“you&apos;re already the Void King Stage?” Shen Tu was Yang Kai appearing to shock it, until now, some think afterwards, that Yang Kai real cultivation level face, but full is shock Murderers.
When he than Yang Kai cultivation level up a little bit, but so many years had passed, he only only had Void Return One-layer. And Yang Kai, should have the Void King Stage, hatchback comparisons here,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 67.271194
Retrieved Text: Patience might have fooled the rest of the Midnighters, but she sure didn't fool me.
It was no surprise to find out Patience had evil intentions on Midnight, Texas Season 2 Episode 7, but it was surprising to learn that Kai was unknowingly pulled into her wicked plot.
How could he possibly think that an ugly dismembered head locked in a cage would be used for anything good especially considering that he was gathering monster powers to bring Patience's brother back to life?
And the plethora of information Kai so willingly shared with Manfred was also unbelievable.
Kai hates Manfred so he'd be the last person Kai would tell about their plans.
If anything, he would have listened to Manfred, got rid of him, then confronted Patience about the things Manfred told him.
Instead, Kai and Manfred are going to probably work together to stop Patience before her brother takes over Manfred's body.
But it might be too late since the amulet seems to have started it's magic already.
Poor Manfred. He always gets the short end of the stick.
I understand how he was bamboozled by Patience. He was at a low point, and she was charming, attractive, and irresistible.
What I don't get is how Olivia and Lem didn't sense that something wasn't quite right with her despite Fiji's hair test results.
Those two just aren't that gullible.
And how stupid was it that it took a good amount of time before they actually found the Cyrillic book. I mean, hello! That book was clearly labeled for the world to see, yet, it was at the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 67.012856
Retrieved Text: Shop Alkaline Batteries at acehardware.com and get Free Store Pickup at your neighborhood Ace. Buy Online & Pickup Today. See Details.
A knife is a sharp instrument. It has a point, a cutting edge, and sometimes other dangerous features like serrations, sharp swages, talons, skull crushers, and hooks.
Nya is the current Elemental Master and Ninja of Water, and the younger sister of Kai. Upon meeting Wu, Nya and Kai joined him in his quest to protect Ninjago. As her brother trained to be a Ninja, Nya grew tired of being left out from the team and created the identity of Samurai X.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 66.86452
Retrieved Text: Kai Lenny is a 24-year-old superstar in nearly every water sport you could name. He’s a seven-time stand-up paddle-boarding (SUP) world champion, two-time kitesurfing world champion, and a multi-award-winning big wave surfer, tow-in surfer, windsurfer, and hydrofoiler. As Kai and Andy talk at length today, you’ll learn more than the mere distinctions between each water sport, but the mental challenges and style integral to a world champion’s success.
Growing up in Maui, Hawaii, with parents who shared his adoration for both the water and athleticism, Kai and his younger brother found themselves at the beach as often as possible. Kai’s lifelong obsession with the ocean has come to the point where, no matter where he travels in the world, he finds a way to surf in some fashion—even if that means finding rapids to ride in Montana.
As Kai’s technical skills came to match his passion, he’s practiced the “silent art” of separating himself from a crowd and bringing his individual take to the water. With critical surfing mentors like Kelly Slater and Robby Naish playing a significant role in his life, Kai has learned to thrive on pressure and find a level-headed calm in even the most thrilling moments of his career.
In his conversation with Andy today, Kai reveals why each water sport he pursues is far more of a lifestyle and purpose-driven endeavor than it is a traditional sport, and the reasons why he could never train and perform at his expert level without his avid team of sponsors, supporters, mentors and family members alongside him.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 66.04858
Retrieved Text: VISTA, Calif. -- A man has pleaded guilty to stealing his ex-wife’s service dog from her Vista home in 2014, bringing a controversial custody battle to a close.
Pablo Cortez, a Marine, pled guilty Tuesday in San Diego County Superior Court to a single count of misdemeanor petty theft. Both sides agreed to drop two previous felony charges. Cortez was sentenced to five days of community service and $1,500 restitution payment to his ex-wife Alexandra Melnick.
Kai, a German shepherd, went missing from Melnick’s Vista home around Thanksgiving 2014.
Melnick, also a Marine who served in Afghanistan, launched a massive search for Kai, claiming he was a registered service dog that helped her cope with post-traumatic stress disorder. Melnick created a "Bring Kai Home" Facebook page, went on TV and handed out thousands of fliers with Kai's picture, hoping for his return.
Kai was found nine months later in Texas with Melnick’s ex-father-in-law. Melnick claimed she had no idea during that time that Kai was in Texas.
However, Cortez’s attorney said the couple paid $700 for the German shepherd and shared a document written by the couple's former landlord stating he gave them permission to move the puppy in.
"It was a bad divorce," Cortez’s attorney Alex Ozols told 10News back in February. "It was a divorce that went wrong. She wanted custody of this dog. He had the dog and she would do anything she could to get the dog back, which means also not telling people about the background of the dog."
Melnick, however, countered that although she and Cortez were

########
Rank: 6
Score: 65.756004
Retrieved Text: The second event in the stand up world tour 2011 is now underway in La Torche, France. The Trials and the Youth Challenge are over and the main event is set to start.
The Naish La Torche Pro presented by O’Neill opened in spectacular style this weekend, as 48 Trialists from as close as France to as far away as Hawaii and Australia battled it out for their place in the Main event. As the rounds progressed, a few clear leaders stood out from the early rounds including Kody Kerbox from Hawaii (son of Stand Up World Tour Judge and surfing legend Buzzy Kerbox), Greg Closier from Brittany, Kieran Taylor from Australia and Casper Steinfath from Denmark. And it was to be these four that made it all the way through to the Finals, with Kody Kerbox taking the honors with a consistently high level of performance surfing. You can check out highlights and photos on the Galleries section ofwww.standupworldtour.comand news on the blog section.
With eleven U16’s registered for the Na Kama Kai Youth Challenge coming from as close as Brittany to as far away as Hawaii, the scene was set for a fiercely fought out elimination that would provide the top 2 placed athletes with a place in the main event. From the outset, it was clear that Benoit Carpentier from right here in Brittany was the man to beat, but the level across all the kids was phenomenal as they are stepped up to the Challenge and for the chance to face up against the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 65.04918
Retrieved Text: I shall go sit in a corner and cry. I was looking forward to seeing Michael up close and personal and saying Ketana's name, and Brian with his extension cord.....SOB!!
Well the video we uploaded for the Megacon Lexx signing table is about as up close and personal as you can get. As for Brian and the 'extension cord', it was just Brian looking for a place to plug in his dvd player at the Lexx cast table, and there's tons of video of that in the Megacon video files.
OOOOh, Maya, thank you so much for posting the con vids. I had to chuckle watching Michael handle the Kai doll and watching him toss on the wig, and his comments about the bun. Oh, and the one-on-one interview about Michael's past and what he'd been doing were info-packed. Funny how even in the con vids he starts out slow and then warms up in front of the camera/crowds.
But what really stood out for me was watching how Brian really poked and gently prodded and acted as comic relief throughout. He's a terribly funny guy and a talented actor- and because of that I can see what it must've been like on the set between the three.
*sticks out her foot* Yeah I was snoring in my long island iced tea, wasn't I? Hehehehehehe..
but never mind that now ... nimble minds want to know who's hand that was in the second vid?. the one who manhandles the small plastic kai dolly across the table to the big fleshy kai

########
Rank: 8
Score: 64.289604
Retrieved Text: "Settle down or no fatty tuna tonight."
Kai started taunting Serana. "Yeah, settle down, wittle kitten." He was talking like a 3 year old would just to taunt Serana now. "I think you should settle down too."
"I hate tuna that fool was always eating it I want something better then that." Serana kept struggling.
"Fine then how does no dinner sound?"
"So what is it you want to do?"
"Whiney little kitten wants to fight me?" Kai smirked.
"Tsun can you come give this kid a lesson?!"
Kai kept smirking. "Oh great, someone else to ignore me!"
"I shall stop now for number 2 brings up a good point I need food I have never gone without." Serana stopped strugeling.
She looked at Kai. "I said calm down now!" She grabbed him by his neck and started to squeeze.
Ignis continued to pet Serana.
"This kid is causing trouble again."
"Fool! Let go of me! I am your superior, no matter how old we are!" Kai's aura grew visible.
"Underling number 6 take care of my light work." Serana shouted to tsun.
"I'm not causing trouble, these idiots keep ignoring me!"
Kai smirked. "That'd be that cat."
"I am, you are underling number 6 the close friend to Prime underling Namide." Serana started to purr from the petting Ignis was giving her.
"Oh. I am not an underling to anyone!"
"Unhand me, or else!" Kai was yelling at Yuna because he was starting to lose breath.
"You are now, now handle my light work or I'll tell Namide you have been being mean to me."
She smirked as a blue aura surrounded herself and squeezed

########
Rank: 9
Score: 64.27101
Retrieved Text: Suppressing a sigh, Kai looked down and watched his clothes change. Instead of black slacks, shirt, and boots, he was now attired in tailored tan and cream—with loafers. He hated loafers. He turned, waiting for his lover to enter the foyer.
Lucifer, white hair unbound and loose around his shoulders, with a recently acquired black cat in his arms, entered the foyer and fixed critical silver eyes on him. For someone who always wore shades of white—and who knew there were so many?—Lucifer had a lot to say about what Kai wore. In fact, Lucifer dressed him with such dedicated fervor that anyone less sympathetic would call him obsessed. It was why Kai had been trying to sneak out of the house before Lucifer caught sight of him.
“Thank you,” Kai said to him, smiling.
“I live with Philistines,” Lucifer said with a mock sneer. “The least you could do is wear silk.” Kai was now wearing a black, raw silk shirt, and he refused to admit he liked the way it felt.
“Are you both done?” he asked, trying for exasperation but only succeeding at fond acceptance.
Te laughed. Brown-skinned and gleaming from his bald head and single, gold earring to his white teeth, Kai was hard-pressed to remember a time when Te's silver eyes weren't sparkling with good humor. Always nattily dressed, he shared Lucifer's penchant for sharp, expensive clothes. Unlike Lucifer, however, Te had never met a color he didn't like or look good in. His current suit was red pinstripe, complete with matching bowler hat, bow tie,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 64.11947
Retrieved Text: Raymond Lam, Zheng Kai, Zhang Guoli all have multiple identities in thriller The Mask.
Raymond Lam, Zheng Kai play brothers on opposite side of the law in mystery thriller The Mask 也平凡.
When officer Ji Fan (Zheng Kai) begins investigating a series of murders, he connects the new murders to a 27-year-old case involving his family. After his father Ji Tingshan (Zhang Guolin) is captured for his involvement in the murders, his brother Ji Ping (Raymond Lam) flees abroad. There, Ji Fan tries to find hid brother while performing his undercover task to uncover the motives and identity of a gang. Things become even more complicated than he had thought as the two brothers becomes involved in an even bigger plot.
This entry was posted in Drama, Mainland China and tagged Raymond Lam, The Mask, Zhang Guoli, Zheng Kai by idarklight. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 63.560093
Retrieved Text: KUri-e, poSAkis ha-marTEsei eis eME ho a-delPHOS mou, kai aPHEsoauTO? HEos hepTAkis?
Lord, how oft shall my :brother sin against me, and I forgive him? until seven times?
b. 18:22 :Jesus says to him, I say not unto you, Until seven times; but, Until seventy times andseven.
LEgei auTOho IeSOUS, Ou LEgosoi, HEos hepTAkis; alLA, HEos heb-do-me-konTAkis hepTA.
ba-siLEI, hos eTHEle-sen suNArai LOgon meTA ton DOUlon auTOU.
a king, who would make a reckoning with his :bondmen.
d. 18:24 And when he had begun to reckon, one was brought to him, debtor for ten thousand talents.
ar-xaMEnou de auTOU suNAIrein , proSECHtheheis auTO, o-pheiLEtes muRIon taLANton .
kai PANta HOsa Echei, kai a-po-doTHEnai .
and all that he had, and payment to be made.
Ma-kroTHUme-son  ep' eMOI, kai PANta a-poDOso soi.
Have patience with me, and I will pay you all.
aPElu-sen  auTON, kai to DAni-on  aPHEken  auTO.
released him, and forgave him the loan.
EPni-gen , LEgon, A-POdos  EI ti oPHEIleis .
and took himby the throat, saying, Pay if you owe anything.
LEgon, MakroTHUmeson  ep' eMOI, kai a-poDOso  soi.
saying, Have patience with me, and I will pay you.
j. 18:30 And he would not: but went andcast him into prison, till he should pay what was due.
ho de ouk Ethe-len: alLA a-pelTHON Eba-len auTON eis phu-laKEN, HEos a-poDOto o-pheiLOme-non.
kai elTHONtes di-eSAphe-san  to kuRIo he-auTON PANta ta geNOme-na.
and came andtold to their :lord all that was done.
ouk Edei kai se e-leEsai  ton SUNdouLON sou, hos ka' 'GO se eLEe-sa ?
33should not you also have had mercy on your :fellow-bondman, as I had mercy

########
Rank: 12
Score: 63.54428
Retrieved Text: Kai Buehler, Ph.D., has successfully started, managed and sold start-ups in the mobile application, loyalty and Virtual & Augmented Reality space. He is a Professor of Digital Entrepreneurship at the RFH University of Applied Sciences, Cologne, Germany (Rheinische Fachhochschule Köln) and an active investor and advisor to various start-ups in Germany and the US (VR&AR, eCommerce, Social Enterprise).
In 2000, Kai co-founded his first start-up plan_b media which he successfully grew to be a leading provider of mobile entertainment content with offices in New York, Cologne, London and Vienna. The company was acquired by a T-Mobile Venture (now boku) in 2005. From 2004 – 2016 Kai lived in NYC and LA/SF where he founded and managed start-ups and corporate spin-outs. In 2011, Kai sold Watchpoints, the first app that rewarded viewers for watching television, to Viggle (NASDAQ: VGGL). Previously, Kai was the CEO of Mobile Messaging Solutions (mms), Inc, a leading mobile engagement provider that divested out of VeriSign in 2009 (NASDAQ: VRSN). His company managed and processed over 1 billion SMS messages annually for major iTV shows, including American Idol, America’s Got Talent, Big Brother, Survivor, and Dancing with the Stars.
He holds 2 US-patents in the interactive TV field and studied at Universities in Europe and Asia; Kai graduated with a Master’s Degree in Business and a PhD in Economics from the University of Paderborn, Germany and the University of Hong Kong. He is also Founder of KARMAKARMA, a social enterprise that works with 150+ non-profits providing real social impacts throughout the world.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 63.201214
Retrieved Text: Unable to dodge Kai Yang's strike, he spoke out prodingly.
If it were anybody else, then they would have already long since become thoroughly enraged.
Kai Yang seemed to show all the signs of being enraged; his eyes were red and his World Qi flared about rebelliously, clearly displaying his fury. But upon closer inspection, you could see the unwaveringness within his eyes and his heart's thoughts were just as stable as before.
After the time it took burn a stick of incense, Kai Yang had already struck out numerous times, yet none of these strikes could touch even a single thread of Long Hui's clothes.
Meanwhile Long Hui, who had became parched from all his remarks, was secretly shocked.
Reason dictated, after fighting for this long, this kid's World Qi reserves should have been long since exhausted. Yet why did none of his strikes weaken in the least? This brat's World Qi levels shouldn't be able to support this amount of activity, ah.
What Long Hui thought wasn't incorrect, ordinary initial element stage practitioners would have long since become exhausted from the fighting. But Kai Yang wasn't a normal initial element practitioner, so after fighting an extended bout with him, Long Hui started to have second thoughts about his strategy.
While he was reflecting on it, Kai Yang struck again, every time Long Hui's image would immediately flicker and he would reappear somewhere else. But when he dodged, he immediately he felt a fiery hot energy fly at his waist.
Looking down, he saw that a hole had been burnt in his clothes.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 62.919643
Retrieved Text: Since she had already decided to help him, Xia Ning Chang didn't want to expose herself and show any flaws. Only once she helped, by fighting Kai Yang, would he be able to breakthrough.
That's why her first strike was infused with killing intent.
Kai Yang's strength was only at the tempered body ninth stage, so Xia Ning Chang only used strength that was around the initial element second-third realm.
Kai Yang who was at a critical juncture sensed something amiss, and felt a cold pressure around him. Without ample time to react, he felt that he was in a life or death situation.
Just as he was in doubt about this sense, the sound of a palm came from the side of his body.
Someone had launched a sneak attack against him! Kai Yang immediately woke up, he wasn't scared, rather he was happy as he leapt to the side. Creasing his eyebrows, he swiftly threw out a fist.
His fighting spirit had been woken when he was trying to break through and just as he was pondering how to discharge the energy in his body, who would have imagined that somebody would come and present themselves like that! As to who had come to mount this sneak attack on him, Kai Yang no longer cared because he only wanted to fight, to fight a fulfilling battle!
Hearing the enemy's sounds and the beating of their World Qi, Kai Yang hastily retreated a few steps. Xia Ning Chang's attack hit empty space so she calmly slowed her pace, while a flash of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 62.380184
Retrieved Text: Jill Gambill has a favorite picture book of her son, the ballplayer.
"Kai has always had a natural talent with baseball. And he just loves it,” Gambill told Channel 2’s Berndt Petersen.
Kai Hernandez took his first swings at the age of 4, and he was a natural.
But there came a day when something went very wrong.
"When Kai turned 6 years old, he started limping,” his mother said.
Soon after, he couldn’t walk.
Kai was diagnosed with a rare condition called Perthes disease.
His hip bone was disintegrating.
Local doctors referred him to specialists who were 800 miles away.
"Financially, emotionally, physically in carrying him, it’s been very difficult,” Gambill said.
Jill relied on a nonprofit called Miracle Flights, that provided free medical air transportation to get them to and from a hospital in Texas.
After two years of treatment and relying on a wheelchair for mobility, her little ballplayer is back on the field.
"It was amazing. Oh, my gosh. It's so good to play baseball again,” Kai said.
He is grateful to his doctors, and to his mother.
"If she wasn't there with me, I probably couldn't have gotten through anything,” Kai said.
It was a long road.
Mother and son walked it together.
"When he finally was able to take those steps again, it was like returning to normalcy and having my child back,” Jill Gambill said.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 62.205612
Retrieved Text: “I have something to ask you.” Yang Kai said as he looked towards Zi Mo.
“Please do,” Zi Mo replied, while throwing out a flirtatious smile as she walked up to him slowly, her fragrant aroma floating around her. She sat down next to him like she had not the slightest grievance towards Yang Kai for punishing her before.
However, what surprised Yang Kai was that Leng Shan actually came over as well and sat down on his other side, but her performance was not as natural as Zi Mo’s as she seemed somewhat stiff.
When he looked towards her, she somehow managed to squeeze out a smile, though it looked like it pained her greatly to do so.
But since he did not notice any hostility from the two of them, he did not give their behaviour a second thought and only guessed that they had come to recognize their situation, thus not daring to act presumptuously any more.
“Well then, what does Master want to ask?” Zi Mo asked as she reached out, clung lightly to Yang Kai’s arm, and deliberately pushed her breasts onto him while gently breathing onto his face.
“Keh keh… what did you call me?” Yang Kai choked a bit in confusion.
“Master …” Zi Mo repeated in a sweet, waxy voice, as she further pressed her proud chest onto his arm, which gave rise to an amazingly elastic sensation.
Her actions and words did not just startle Yang Kai, even Leng Shan, who was sitting opposite to her, involuntarily shuddered as well, a tingling sensation running up

########
Rank: 17
Score: 61.10301
Retrieved Text: Distance that Mountain Valley hundred miles of the place, a bleak hiding place.
One line four stopped, it&apos;s Wei Guchang and Yang Kai. From that Mountain Valley of, Wei Guchang moment will own&apos;s Spiritual Mind covered in four weeks, vigilant , stupid, but ... a hundred miles more groups, also see? Watch out to get them in trouble, out he&apos;s relieved.
Throughout, Dong Xuan'er, Dai Yuan and Yang Kai three people are one word claimed to, just hurry.
He didn&apos;t go asking Dai Yuan, instead of asking Yang Kai. Yang Kai, you understand, he&apos;s probably doubt own had a Red Candle Fruit meat, because two people today in the region, the same, why would such asked sentence.
Yang Kai , of course, not the spoken language on show What, although he was more like Wei Guchang, Red Candle Fruit was important, and careful something good.
“Brother Yang more in-depth?” Wei Guchang complexion of changes, heart in a very strange, the truth is, Yang Kai would really have that last a petal Red Candle Fruit meat, is careful to get, not to risk further in-depth, Yang Kai would need to continue 深入-depthexploration meaning.
Not only Wei Guchang weird, even Dong Xuan'er and Dai Yuan two women also show strange expression.
Wei Guchang choice didn&apos;t Yang Kai accidental, Red Candle Fruit involved relations too big, nobody always be this kind of Spirit Fruit belt on me too nervous, Wei Guchang&apos;s to early point would be that a petal Red Candle Fruit meat out to Shadow Moon Palace several participants Elder, no but Wei Guchang do,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 60.710403
Retrieved Text: Imagine receiving a call from your child’s school, informing you that your son, a perfectly healthy, top tier athlete, collapsed on the court during basketball practice.
That is the reality for one local family.
Kai Bates Diop was a player destined for success, with a brother in the NBA and him following in his footsteps this is something no one saw coming.
“I felt my heart beating very fast,” says, Kai Bates Diop.
“I got a call from Kai’s high school coach and he said Kai had collapsed and it didn’t look good, I didn’t know what was going on,” says Wilma Bates, Kai’s mother.
“Essentially Kai…Kai was dead for those three minutes. Um, he just, wasn’t there,” says Maddie Biehl.
It’s a day that’s ingrained in Kai’s memory.
Every detail from the color of his shirt, to the exact drill he was running before it happened.
It was a whirlwind after that, between frantic phone calls.
“They had called an ambuelence and was working on him….I was a mess, I’ll be honest,” says Wilma Bates.
Panic-stricken attempts by the athletic trainers to save a life.
“I ran back to get the AED, called 911. He wasn’t moving,” says Emily Martz, who helped save his life.
While family rushed to get by his side.
“It was very painful not being able to get there earlier to get to him,” says Wilma.
Adding to the shock he was an otherwise healthy 16 year old… laying on the gym floor…without a heartbeat.
While one athletic trainer administered CPR the other rushed to get the AED…thanks to their life saving efforts… Kai was revived.
“I

########
Rank: 19
Score: 60.25899
Retrieved Text: ... to ME!!! How weird is it that Carter should technically still be in my belly right now!?! I've been counting down the hours to this day, July 30th, since I found out I was pregnant on November 18th. And here it is. I thought it would never come.
Carter Man had his second doctors appointment today. He's still perfect :) Oh, and he grew an inch and officially weighs over 10 lbs now!!!! He definitely would have been at least 10.5-11lbs had he made it to his due date. Again... so weird to think about.
Anyway, I wanted to share this adorable picture of my first son, Kai, watching over his baby brother, Carter. He absolutely loves him.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 59.83822
Retrieved Text: 17 YO Kai lives on the streets. The night Rod, his 12 YO autistic brother, comes looking for him, the two steal, crash a car and die. Searching for Rod, Kai finds himself in Hades where he meets dead Bilby-G. As their adventures continue, these youngsters are magically transformed to what they were before Kai became a street-boy and Bilby G. became anorexic. In their efforts to find Rod, the youngsters come across some of the mythical characters as described by Kai’s Greek grandmother before she died: a multi-headed dog. A blind prophet. Twin whirlpools. Three goddesses. A dangerous sea-nymph. The powerful sea-god and his evil one- eyed son.
‘In Hades’ a verse novel.
This last, for me, is the most interesting, but that won’t be the case for everyone. Responses to poetry are, naturally, very subjective, and the challenge for those unfamiliar with the genre will be to come to some understanding of what the writer is trying to do. That doesn’t mean universal agreement, of course, and there are certainly some sections that I would have tackled differently, but that is where verse can add an extra dimension to the tale being told. There is considerable value, and much to be learned, in teasing out the various techniques employed and looking at possible alternatives. That not only enhances appreciation, but prompt readers to take an interest in having a go for themselves.
David Campbell is a nationally recognized writer. He divides his time between poetry (both traditional and free verse), short stories, and newspaper articles.
A novel written

########
Rank: 21
Score: 59.822285
Retrieved Text: Odin is the bred-by star of Timberwood. He took 4th in the competitive bred-by class at all of the pre-shows of the 2016 ASCA national, as well as the national itself. He finished on all majors in ASCA with minimal showing. Winner of the prestigious best bred-by in show award. Multiple best of breed wins under his belt have lead to him being in the Top 20 in ASCA in 2017 with minimal showing. He finished his AKC Championship with two 4 point majors in one weekend. He is extremely versatile, having a title in Dock Diving, and competing in herding, lure coursing events and presently training in agility.
Kai is a Casa Blanca bred dog and sired by the Best In Show winning Keegan (bred by Bayouland, co-owned by Wedgewood & Navrock Aussies). Kai is major pointed in ASCA and finished in AKC with limited showing. Thank you, Judy Chard, for trusting us with this stunning boy! Kai finished his AKC Championship at the June 25, 2018 Clackamas KC show under Judge Mark Lucas. Thank you Kristyn Maddox Frazier and Trevor & Sammie Lewis for all of your hard work with Kai.
London, brother of Bree, is the endearing youngster of Timberwood. He is a total lady’s man and is ready to steal the show! London is already pointed, winning Winners Dog in Idaho from the bred-by class. He also brought home a puppy group 1.
London won the Bred by Dog Class at Sammamish Kennel Club on 8/25/2018 and than takes Reserve Winners Dog.
8/18-8/19 London picked up

########
Rank: 22
Score: 59.773563
Retrieved Text: 【Kristen】So what kind of music did you listen to as a kid and how did you listen to it?
【Kai】Um growing up, it was usually music my parents played. So growing up in Hawaii, it was mostly Hawaiian music.
【Kai】Yeah, and then I would mostly listen to them in the car.
【Kai】So it’s—it was often the radio. I didn’t usually listen to any tapes or CDs like that. It was just the radio.
【Kai】…Hawaiian music. And then, when I turned around maybe 11 or 12, like, that’s my—like, was formulating my own, like type of music, that I liked. And I would—I bought my first CD.
【Kristen】Yes! (laughs) I had that one too.
【Kai】 “Baby, hit me one more time,” and I remember being obsessed with it.
【Kristen】That was…I had the same one.
【Kai】…where you could, like listen to it on your earphone, and I would, like carry my CD player all over the place. But like, carrying it—would often skip.
【Kai】…and then, like I would start moving and, like—dancing to it, like in my room.
【Kristen】Yeah, oh my gosh, brings back memories. Definitely.
【Kai】And then after that, like I really didn’t get into music for a really long time.
【Kai】Um…whatever was playing on the radio, I would listen to. And then, probably by university time, that’s when I really was getting into music. And then it was already, like the iPod era.
【Kai】…from, like the Apple Store.
【Kai】And just, like listen to music on my iPod.
What type of music did Kai first listen to when growing up?
Which artist did Kristen and Kai both say they enjoyed in their youths?
At

########
Rank: 23
Score: 59.61779
Retrieved Text: Gallery of images from the YouTube series Cobra Kai.
1 Cobra Kai Miguel walks into Johnny's dojo for the first time.
2 Cobra Kai Our first introduction to Johnny Lawrence's neighbor, Miguel Diaz (Xolo Mariduena) wearing white chucks.
3 Cobra Kai Miguel must learn to sink or swim using only his legs and his white low tops.
4 Cobra Kai Miguel takes Amanda to Golf N Stuff for their first date.
5 Cobra Kai Close up of Miguel's white chucks during a training montage.
7 Cobra Kai Miguel often wears maroon high top chucks in the series.
8 Cobra Kai Miguel cleaning the karate dojo, shot 1.
9 Cobra Kai Miguel cleaning the karate dojo, shot 2.
10 Cobra Kai Miguel surprises himself and the school when he fends off the school bullies who were harassing Amanda.
11 Cobra Kai The students cheer Miguel after he defeats the bullies.
12 Cobra Kai Many background characters in the show also wear chucks, as in this shot where kids are wearing blue, red, rainbow, and The Who, chucks on a jungle gym.
13 Cobra Kai Several supporting characters sport their chucks in the training montage.
14 Cobra Kai Robby watches Daniel LaRusso raise the flag at his car dealership.
15 Cobra Kai Robby's initially not mopping right.
16 Cobra Kai Danny LaRusso demonstrates his own versions of wax on wax off to train Robby.
17 Cobra Kai Robby practices mopping the LaRusso way, shot 1.
18 Cobra Kai Robby practices mopping the LaRusso way, shot 2.
19 Cobra Kai Robby trains with Danny LaRusso, the original Karate Kid, out on a pier.
20 Cobra Kai Robby's tree

########
Rank: 24
Score: 59.56931
Retrieved Text: Tao’s eyes were wide. A terrified whimper escaped from his gaping mouth. Standing in front of him was a dragon.
The creature observed the boy with unblinking eyes, and took a step towards him. Convinced that the dragon was about to attack, Tao turned to run, hoping he could climb out a window. Fear gave him speed, but the dragon was faster.
Hundreds of years after the events of the third Dragonkeeper book, readers have a new chance to enter the wonderful world of dragons and their keepers. This time the hero is Tao, a descendant of Ping, the heroine of the first three books. Tao is a novice in a Buddhist monastery, determined to live a good and peaceful life to earn karma for his twin brother. But his peace is interrupted when he is visited by Kai – at 465 a teenager in dragon terms. He is on a quest to find his new dragonkeeper, and is sure Tao is that person, in spite of Tao’s reluctance.
Together boy and dragon journey through troubled times, each helping and learning from the other. Tao realises that Kai has secrets and that only he can help him – but he, too, can be helped to meet his true destiny.
Blood Brothers is the fourth in the Dragonkeeper series and, rather than picking up where the previous one left off, has deliberately been placed in a new time period, allowing a new cast of characters and a new historical backdrop. Although Kai, who was centre stage for the second and third

########
Rank: 25
Score: 59.44699
Retrieved Text: My babies are growing too fast, Kai Ann is turning 1 in 4 days time, and Kai-Jin will be 3 in 3 months time!
KJ is very independent in many ways, he can feed himself, and he can even use chopsticks!
He is still a story monster, and can now make his own stories. He can now watch a complete movie (cartoon), but when he likes the movie he will watch it over and over again. His all time favourite is "How to Train a Dragon". He is so into dragon that everything is about Dragons and Night Fury. He even got his grandpa to do a fusion story of 东海龙王(East Sea dragon King) and Night Fury!
Currently I am slowly starting to teach him how to read. We do not intend to rush him into it, but are starting the research on homeschooling, and preschool material.
He can count in 3 languages, speak fluent mandarin, and some English. He like doodling, and starting to draw circle and also starting to draw with theme.
Although he sometimes bully his sister, but this will be over soon, cause the sister is learning fast, and she has started bullying him already.
Our little princess is growing too fast! She is turning 1 soon!
This little chatter box is learning very fast, probably with a big brother around she can pick up things faster.
She can stand unsupported, and today she took 3 steps, but she is too scare to attempt.
We taught her sign language, but she decided to "speak". So far she will only sign "please"

########
Rank: 26
Score: 59.437904
Retrieved Text: Kai followed me on his hands and knees as I drove stakes into the ground. Our tent was setup, and I was driving the last few stakes to hold the rainfly in place.
I figured Kai would realize I didn’t need his help before running off to the play area to meet up with his brother and sisters. But he stayed at my side watching my every move.
I handed him a bag containing the last few stakes. He’d smile and pull one out when asked. This went on until we’d made our way to the tent’s entrance and the final loop without a stake.
This time I handed Kai the hammer. He spent the next five minutes slowly tapping the stake into the ground. He used both hands and took a break every third swing or so. I considered lending a hand, but decided to watch instead. This feisty little 2-year old with floppy blonde hair. Makes me wonder if I provided the same mix of joy and frustration to my parents when I was his age.
When he could not longer see the head of the stake, he handed the hammer to me and said, “All done, dad”.
As I drove home alone this evening, I thought about the many interactions I’ve had with my kids over the past ten days I’ve had off work. We spent one afternoon picking blueberries and another at the children’s museum in Seattle. We went Rollerblading together and spent a couple of hours at an arcade playing pinball and Skee Ball.
But the small

########
Rank: 27
Score: 59.393246
Retrieved Text: Sci-Fi Bridge is thrilled to present its second collection from bestselling authors and newly emerging writers. These stories span the near and far future. They transport you to worlds unknown. They examine today's fears amid tomorrow's technologies. From the far corners of the galaxy to the inner reaches of the human heart, the exciting stories in At the Helm will thrill, inspire, and make you wonder--do humans have what it takes to build a better future? Or are we doomed by our own failings?
"Rubbish with Names" by Felix R. Savage.
Want to know more about Sci-Fi Bridge? Visit our site at www.scifibridge.com and subscribe to receive giveaways and great Sci-Fi deals straight to your inbox.
Subscribe to Sci-Fi Bridge for news of upcoming titles in this series as well as tons of free giveaways from the world’s best Science Fiction writers.
All characters and events in this publication, other than those clearly in the public domain are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, without the prior permission in writing of the publisher, nor be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.
It’s one of those words that has acquired new meanings in recent years—or, at least, it has greatly extended the bounds of its old ones. A few

########
Rank: 28
Score: 59.29918
Retrieved Text: Blurb: Stalker Kai Gracen knew his human upbringing would eventually clash with his elfin heritage, but not so soon. Between Ryder, a pain-in-his-neck sidhe lord coaxing him to join San Diego’s Southern Rise Court, and picking up bounties for SoCalGov, he has more than enough to deal with. With his loyalties divided between the humans who raised him and the sidhe lord he’s befriended and sworn to protect, Kai finds himself standing at a crossroads.
Review: I’ve been not so patiently waiting for this book. I’m obsessed with Kai and Ryder and their adventures. This series has a post apocalyptic feel. The fusion of the human world and the Fae world created means anything is possible here. These books are action packed fantasy first but there is a slow burning love story. Throughout this series we have slowly learned about Kai’s past and how his experiences have made him the man his now. In this book we learn a little more. His history isn’t all bad. He has made some friends along the way. Friends he cares about.
An old friend emerges asking for Kai’s help. Of course Kai says yes and Ryder offers to come along on the mission. Ryder’s cousin appears challenging Ryder’s authority over the Southern Court. Including Kai in that claiming. Ryder says he understands the challenge but it irritates Kai more than he likes to admit. It’s not just that he belongs to no man or Fae. Kai has been adamant about not wanting to be tied to Ryder but the emergence of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 59.216175
Retrieved Text: Couldn't ask for a better rental experience. Kai is top notch - he knows his stuff and took excellent care of the gear. Happy to rent to anytime.
Quick, easy rental! Was a pleasure dealing with Kai.
Always great to rent to Kai.
Excellent renter, handle the equipment very good as always.
Treats gear like his own. Highly recommended!
Kai's an excellent renter. Rent with confidence!
Great Renter. Thank you for using us and hope to see you again soon.
Very attentive and communicative. Thanks!
Kai was on time and handled everything perfectly.
Solid Communication. No Issues. Would rent to again!
Everything worked great with Kai, the equipment came back in great condition, will definitely do business with him again.
Join KitSplit to see Kai M's full profile—it's free!

================



======= Instance Index 29913 =========
Input Text: Context: Sasha makes choices for Remy. Remy demands Sasha back off but Sasha sweet talks Remy into backing down.

Question: How would you describe Sasha?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: confident

B: unheard

C: manipulative

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 70.89116
Retrieved Text: Next thursday-night feature in Readytex Art Gallery will be on March 3rd, 2016 and will be on display until late March. Again a special exhibition organized by an international guest curator for the program. This time Sasha Dees, arts and culture professionals with extensive experience in international, multi-disciplinary art and cultural productions and projects in and between the Netherlands, the US, the Caribbean and Suriname.
Sasha Dees has been coming to Suriname for 25 years and in that time she has followed the development in the contemporary art in our country, and yes, the visible growth in that sector, she says. The development over 25 years has been the foundation for her exhibition. If you enter the exhibition space on the ground floor, the first thing you will see are the work of the “older established” artists like Soeki Irodikromo and Kenneth Flijders. Also René Tosari’s series (since acquired by the US Embassy) against the back wall in front of you jump right into the eye. But the attention is mostly drawn by the conceptual installation work by artists like Remy Jungerman, Kurt Nahar and the even younger Dhiradj Ramsamoedj who choose to work in a very different contemporary way to spark a dialogue and discussion with and between the viewers. The exhibition is spatially arranged and the workpieces therefore do not compete for the attention of the viewer. Nice is also the addition of items from the craft department Readytex where Dees picked those pieces she considers to be “applied art” like the work from Dona

########
Rank: 1
Score: 65.67465
Retrieved Text: We go to the ring and out first comes Sasha Banks. RAW Women’s Champion Alexa Bliss is out next. We get formal ring introductions from JoJo.
They lock up and go at it, taking turns on each other. Sasha takes control but Bliss comes back and hits a cross-body. They trade pin attempts. Bliss ends up taking control and aggressively working Banks over. More offense by Bliss. Bliss holds Sasha’s head, talks trash in her face and slams her to the mat. Bliss goes to the top but Sasha cuts her off with a right. Bliss chokes Banks from the top and drops her to the mat. Bliss goes on and hits double knees for a 2 count.
Bliss also hit a moonsault in that last sequence. She keeps control and goes for another pin attempt. Bliss keeps Sasha grounded now as the referee checks on her. Sasha rolls Bliss up for 2. They get right up and Bliss nails a clothesline for a 2 count. Sasha looks to turn it around in the corner but Bliss chokes her from the corner again. Banks fights her and slams her to the mat. Banks with a sliding knee to the face.
Banks makes a comeback and hits a dropkick plus more offense. Bliss kicks out at 2 and shows some frustration. Bliss looks to come back and talks trash but Banks drops her with a kick. Banks ends up sending the back of Bliss’ head into the turnbuckles. Sasha unloads in the corner and hits double knees for a close

########
Rank: 2
Score: 63.69082
Retrieved Text: US Girls’ Meg Remy styles herself as the creative force behind her project than a solo artist. There are no musicians credited on her most recent albums (this year’s In a Poem Unlimited and 2015’s Half Free), but rather producers are credited for building the tracks. So it’s a surprise when she takes the stage at Hotel Cecil that she’s backed by a seven-piece band, including a backing vocalist and a miniature saxophone.
The band is already playing “Velvet 4 Sale” when she and her backing vocalist join them. She jumps straight into the song. With her enormous, multi-piece band, the work translates very well. The references to funk and disco come through very clearly and sound more organic than the records — especially the saxophone — and the band have mastered the live fade out.
Remy never says anything to the audience the entire set, but she’s very present throughout the evening. The performance is full of dramatics, of Remy acting out the gender politics themes of her work, most memorably when her saxophonist menaces her and her backing singer with his tiny saxophone. The lighting choices, however, make it difficult see these details, and I’m not sure how much audience members even a few rows back pick up on. Considering the musical style and the fantastic costuming of the whole band (wide legged trousers, cheetah print jumpsuits, military style jackets), it would be fantastic to see the pageantry played out on a brightly-lit, full disco-style production.
It’s not the most straight forward evening and Remy doesn’t give

########
Rank: 3
Score: 62.846226
Retrieved Text: Bayley with a rollup for a near fall. Bayley with a back slide for a near fall. Bayley works on the arm and gets a rollup for a near fall. Sasha with a kick to the midsection followed by an Irish whip but Bayley with an elbow and arm drag off the turnbuckles. Bayley with a drop kick. Sasha backs Bayley into the corner and punches her. Sasha goes for an arm bar but Bayley with a side head lock and shoulder tackle. Bayley with a rollup for a near fall.
Sasha with a rollup for a near fall. Sasha starts to work on the arm and takes Bayley down with a hip toss. Sasha with Meteora for a near fall. Sasha with an arm bar. Bayley with forearms but Sasha with a forearm as Bayley comes off the ropes. Sasha sends Bayley to the floor. Sasha holds the ropes open for Bayley and Bayley gets on the apron. Sasha with a drop kick. Bayley with a shoulder in the corner but Sasha goes to the apron and she drops Bayley’s injured arm on the top rope.
We are back and Sasha with a Japanese Stranglehold. Sasha with an arm breaker for a near fall. Bayley with a forearm but Sasha puts Bayley on the middle rope. Bayley is able to avoid the knees but Sasha sends Bayley into the turnbuckles and connects with a running double knee strike in the corner. Bayley with a clothesline and both women are down. Bayley with forearms but Sasha with a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 62.362625
Retrieved Text: Find great deals on eBay for 20 inch human hair weave and human hair weave. Shop with confidence.
Find great deals on eBay for 20 inch weave hair and 26 inch weave hair. Shop with confidence.
20 Inch Human Hair Weave / Weft Extensions Show Description . Introducing the newest addition to the Cliphair range - Human Hair Wefts / Weave. Human Hair Weave comes as long piece of human hair weft. These human hair wefts are extremely versatile and can be used in whichever way you choose - whether than be glued in, sewed in or clipped in!
Outre Human Hair Weave Extension Sasha - YAKI 20"
Alibaba offers 16,643 20 inch human hair weave extension products. About 99% of these are hair extension. A wide variety of 20 inch human hair weave extension options are available to you, such as silky straight wave, body wave, and deep wave.
Velvet Remi Yaki Remi Human Hair - Velvet Remi Yaki Remi Human Hair COLOR SHOWN FOR THIS ITEM: 4/27/30LENGTHS: 6" 8" 10S" 10" 12" 14" 16" 18" 20"Top quality pure Remy quality hair in silky Yaki texture for relaxed hair.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 61.36535
Retrieved Text: We go right to the ring and out comes WWE RAW Women’s Champion Sasha Banks as JoJo introduces her.
They air a look back at last week’s title change. Fans chant “you deserve it” as Sasha takes the mic. She says she feels like she’s on top of the world right now. She says she had big dreams growing up as she watched her hero Eddie Guerrero. Fans chant for Eddie now. Sasha wishes Eddie a Happy Birthday. She watched Lita and Trish Stratus tear it up in the main event and wanted to be like them. Her dreams came true last week. She put her body on the line and stole the show when she became a two-time champion. Sasha says this isn’t just about her. It’s about the women who came before her, the ones still to come and the little girls at home who want to be like her. Sasha goes on and proposes that Charlotte’s rematch at Hell In a Cell take place inside the Cell. The music hits and out comes Charlotte.
Charlotte walks to the ring but she’s interrupted by Rusev’s music. She stops on the ramp as Lana and Rusev march to the ring. Rusev takes the mic. Charlotte is in the ring now. Rusev says nobody cares about the stupid women’s revolution or the fact that they main evented RAW last week. He goes on until Charlotte snatches the mic. She asks Rusev who the hell he thinks he is. No one disrespects the queen. Charlotte accepts Sasha’s challenge for

########
Rank: 6
Score: 60.997135
Retrieved Text: 2. ...and afterward, he makes sure to walk upright instead of on all fours to keep his two front paws clean.
3. At one point, the food critic Anton Ego states, "I don’t 'like' food, I love it. If I don’t love it, I don’t swallow" — this is especially prescient because he's a little fuller in the face at the end of the movie than he was at the beginning, which suggests the food has improved!
5. ...and an office that resembles a coffin.
6. When Anton tastes Remy and Linguini's ratatouille, he's transported back to his childhood and reminded of his mother's cooking. There's a pretty convincing fan theory that Remy grew up in Anton's mother's house and, therefore, learned to cook by watching Anton's mother.
7. This one's easy to miss, but Colette has an oven rack burn on her forearm — a common injury among professional chefs.
8. And Linguini has a bite mark on his hand from where Remy bit him earlier on.
9. When Linguini offers to hide Remy in his pants before work, Linguini is wearing underpants adorned with Incredibles logos.
10. And Bomb Voyage from The Incredibles makes a very brief appearance in the background of a scene.
11. When Remy explores the apartment building, he sees a woman pointing a gun at a man. A moment later, they end up kissing. Later on, when Colette is about to mace Linguini, Remy makes him go in for a kiss.
12. In the same scene, Remy is chased off by a dog that looks suspiciously like Dug from

########
Rank: 7
Score: 60.96253
Retrieved Text: I have a pit-bull named sasha and she is SOOOO sweet!
my old dog was called Sasha. This name is wiked. every dog should be called Sasha. peace out peeps!
My dog is named Sasha, it's a very cute name.
Sasha means happy, loving and forever loyal. Only give this name to the best of the best. Their love will be forever.
Sasha = means in the way one walks as she sasha down the pasth or her drass sasha as she walk. "moved" switch back and forth.as in hips moveing more of a drass.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 60.775726
Retrieved Text: Remy crossed over the Rainbow Bridge early Sunday morning. He was in obvious distress and was ready to go. I know he's with my dad. I know he can run and chase small animals again. That gives me tons of comfort.
His passing has left a huge void in our lives. Our hearts are broken and only time will heal the hurt. One day when we think of Remy, we'll only smile and have happy memories. We had 13.5 wonderful years with him that we wouldn't trade for anything.
For now, I want to remember everything about him.
We wouldn't have had Remy in our lives if it wasn't for Naseem. She used to be a very picky eater and refused most food except for chicken nuggets, buttered noodles, raw carrots and mangoes. Omid made her a deal: Eat whatever was put in front of her for one month, and he would buy her a dog! It was hard for Nas, but she did it! We were all so excited. She thought she wanted a Bearded Collie, but after visiting the Rose City Dog Show, a Vizsla actually found us and the search was on for a breeder.
A year later, she finally got her puppy!
Remy loved oranges, blueberries and tomatoes. Every year we bought him his own cherry tomato plant. He'd check it everyday. He'd also check the neighbors tomato plants and blueberry bushes too.
Remy loved to go on our boat and dive off the back again and again (50 times in a row, no joke), he would get

########
Rank: 9
Score: 60.670288
Retrieved Text: Rich Brennan announced that this is just the tenth Ironman Match in WWE history, as the opening bell rang. Sasha tried for several quick pinning maneuvers, but Bayley denied her each time. They continued repeatedly kicking out of each other’s covers for the first five minutes, before Sasha hit a dropkick.
Bayley responded with two arm drags, but Sasha hit a hurricanrana. Sasha tried for a Bank Statement, but Bayley held onto the ropes. Bayley tried a Bayley-to-Belly, but Sasha squirmed her way out.
Bayley extended her arm to help Sasha up, then pulled her in for a hug. Sasha took advantage of Bayley’s misplaced trust by slamming her to the mat for a near-fall. Bayley fought back with a dropkick, sending Sasha from the ring.
Bayley hit Sasha with two between-the-ropes dropkicks, then escorted her back into the ring for a running bulldog. Sasha tried for a leverage pin, but the referee saw her feet on the ropes. Sasha placed herself between the referee and Bayley, poking Bayley’s eyes and pinning her. Sasha 1, Bayley 0.
Sasha sent Bayley face-first into the second turnbuckle, then set her up for her double-knees to the gut. Bayley caught her and dropped her onto the top turnbuckle, then hit a Bayley-to-Belly to earn a pinfall. Bayley 1, Sasha 1.
Sasha rolled outside and Bayley tried another apron dropkick, but Sasha caught her and flung her into the ring steps three times. Sasha taunted Bayley’s parents at ringside, before tossing Bayley back into the ring for a near-fall. Sasha dragged Bayley up the entrance

########
Rank: 10
Score: 60.005116
Retrieved Text: PARIS, April 18 (Reuters) - French spirits company Remy Cointreau reported higher annual sales although persistent concerns over the impact of foreign exchange rates on the group knocked back its shares.
Remy shares were down 2.3 percent in early session trading, the worst performer on Paris’ SBF-120 index.
The group, which makes Remy Martin cognac and Mount Gay rum, said sales came in at 1.127 billion euros ($1.39 billion) for its 2017/18 full financial year, which ended March 31.
Remy’s sales had been helped by strong demand for its premium cognac in China, and it kept its target for profit growth this year.
Nevertheless, analysts said concerns remained over the impact of a rise in the euro on Remy’s performance. A strong euro can make Remy’s products less affordable for overseas consumers and hit sales made in the United States.
“Reported 4Q’18 group reported sales of 264.9 million euros was 1.7 percent below consensus of 269.6 million euros as FX (foreign exchange) wiped out the strong organic results,” wrote Liberum analysts in a note, keeping a “sell” rating on Remy.
Finance chief Luca Marotta reiterated on a call with analysts on Wednesday that foreign exchange movements would knock 17-18 million euros off full-year operating profit - in line with previous guidance on this aspect from back in January.
Like its rivals, Remy Cointreau is sensitive to demand in China, where it has been marketing premium spirits, including its $3,000 a bottle top-of-the-range Louis XIII cognac.
The private consumption of drinks and spirits has been recovering in China, offsetting the impact from the country’s anti-corruption

########
Rank: 11
Score: 59.55635
Retrieved Text: disappears before he can catch it.
now a baron, are also on the trail.
Bill and Huey, who ³is the key that opens the door to everywhere² (see iss. 3).
tunnels (X-Factor 10). She asks him if he blames Remy.
jewel disappears during the fight.
a sewer pipe, where he gets the jewel.
has stolen an adamantium stomach, which was supposed to go into Judge Buechler.
survive. They fight on top of a train to Jersey, then all jump off a bridge.
attempt while he was in prison.
his adamantium coils to Creed, and the jerk Buechler gets the stomach.
as well as rescuing Jean Luc and Tante Mattie as children.
past, leaving the Mengos to guard Sekmeht.
Doyle¹s Moriarty). He knows Jacques LeBeau.
Further Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix).
takes the Guild members captive.
past Courier, who reverts to his true form and is knocked out.
legends of Essex, with ghostly pale face, linked to the ancient Egyptian warlord.
newspaper that Essex, calling himself Milbury, is connected to the Black Womb.
It¹s a race to New York to investigate.
Duchess of Devonshire painting) to get his yacht and sail to New York.
Essex is operating under the alias of Dr. Milbury, obstetrician.
still interested in Courier in iss. 9?).
in her 5th Avenue mansion. In the entry hall, he is attacked by the Guild.
head with a flower pot.
tells Remy where to find her doctor, Milbury.
are mobbed by early Morlocks.
a jar and offers to make a deal with Remy.
Kingdom, then Candra shows up.
he gave to Sinister, but somehow he can¹t do it.
Remy needs her help in the past. She needs to go to Jean Luc.
and is told he

########
Rank: 12
Score: 59.19991
Retrieved Text: Through the lace wigs inception, types of hair were limited to only a few textures. These days, there are a myriad of remy tresses choices for all ethnicities as well as backgrounds. These added choices make having a lace hairpiece even more exciting as you change yourself into a style chameleon.
Remy is curly hair which the cuticle is dealing with the direction in which this grew. There are many different categories which remy can full below and each one varies greatly. The greatest of quality for human being hair is virgin. This particular malaysian deep curly hair is unprocessed and also was cut in the path it originally grew within. Not all remy hair is actually virgin. Once virgin frizzy hair is chemically processed or even colored, it simply becomes remy and is no longer virgin.
The phrase malaysian hair wigs itself is often taken advantage of today in the industry to attract those interested in lace wigs. Some remy is prepared with harsh chemicals after becoming collected from mass locks collectors in China along with other Asian countries. Only the finest associated with remy hair is gathered by a single collector who else extracts the hair directly from the actual donor being careful regarding damaging the cuticle.
Indian remy is the most well-known and produced malaysian wavy hair. Indian remy come in a variety of colors and measures. Since most Indian's possess very dark colored tresses, tresses marketed as virgin cuticle hair should also be the exact same color.
Indian texture is really popular because it is versatile

########
Rank: 13
Score: 59.160652
Retrieved Text: Danger-room session had gone fine, absolutely, if nothing else, it kept his mind focussed on what he was doing - instead of what he *wanted* to do. With only a skeleton crew present at the mansion, the place hadn't exactly been crowded. Deserted was more like it. He'd felt good after the workout, enjoyed the lingering feel of adrenalin. Yes... that had to be the explanation - he'd been high on adrenalin.
Bobby swallowed hard and tried to scold himself for sounding like a bad poet. The memory, though, the memory of Remy in the shower, naked... He really should have left at that point, instead of staring at the mesmerizing display in front of him.
Back turned to the door, muscular body relaxed. Wonderfully shaped shoulders, not too broad or bulky, tanned skin - equally tanned all over, as he couldn't help noticing. Pale scars here and there... Bobby couldn't move, couldn't close his eyes, as Remy began turning around, blinking water out of his eyes.
That's all Bobby saw, as he finally regained control of his body - well, more or less, and fled the room, not stopping until he'd closed his own door.
Another sigh escaped him as he stepped into the hot spray. Figures he'd go and fall for a guy who was 110% straight. Sure, Remy would flirt shamelessly with anything that had a pulse, but from there to actually doing anything that had a pulse, including Bobby, was an entirely different thing.
Deciding around lunchtime to allow his growling stomach to convince him that leaving

########
Rank: 14
Score: 58.59201
Retrieved Text: Monday December 3, 2018: Sasha is questioned by the police, Ava confronts Griffin, and Sam gets a shocking piece of mail.
Jason returns to Sam’s and tells her that he ran into Drew at GH and learned Oscar has decided to go through with the clinical trial. Sam is glad to hear this and likes that he and Drew are talking and not fighting.
At the PCPD, Alexis asks Jordan and the DA to have her client arraigned, though the DA is in no rush to let Griffin go. Alexis promises to make trouble for them if they deny her client his constitutional rights. She leaves and Curtis interrupts with new information for Jordan. In the interrogation room, Ava pulls a gun on Griffin and vows to make him pay for taking her daughter. He begs her to look in her heart and see that he didn’t do this. While he may not have killed Kiki, she blames him from turning her and Kiki against one another. She believes she and Kiki would have eventually made peace, but now she’ll never hear Kiki forgive her, or say she loves her again, and she blames Griffin. Griffin tells Ava if she’s so desperate for someone to blame then pull the trigger. He has lost everything so she might as well shoot him.
At the Metro Court, Sasha tells Valentin she won’t lie to the cops and their entire scheme could blow up. Nina returns and tells them she just put Diane Miller on retainer, and Diane said not to answer

########
Rank: 15
Score: 58.332863
Retrieved Text: Remy the dog-child is full-up on crystal and every time she barks she coughs up white crystal fungus in the sharp shape of pine trees. She runs through the diamond mines barking and sending the shapes into the sky. Remy the dog-child runs.
When she gets to the bottom of the diamond mine she sees three caves. Cave one reads: House. Cave two reads: Window. Cave three reads: Cabinet. Remy the dog-child takes ten blue crystals from the pockets of her neon green shorts. She throws them into the sky as an offering. Three crystals fall back down and land a few feet away in a print of sand. The choice has been made, and Remy the dog-child sprints into cave three, an arc of black diamond mine dust formed behind her.
Inside cave three is a room. Inside the room is a floating cabinet with four drawers.
“Pick only one,” says a voice.
Remy the dog-child sits back on the tail of her spine.
“Throw the crystals against the wall, see what sticks,” says the voice.
“I’m Dad,” says the voice.
Remy the dog-child takes the remaining seven blue crystals from her pocket. She eats one and watches the floating cabinet tremble with haze. Colored bars of red, blue, pink, prison her vision for ten seconds then dissipate. She takes the seven blue crystals and throws them against the wall and four stick.
Remy the dog-child rumble-walks and barks her way to the cabinet. Tiny numbered carvings 1-2-3-4 label each drawer. Four is the bottom drawer. Remy the dog-child wants a mother, not

########
Rank: 16
Score: 57.89317
Retrieved Text: When looking to invest in human hair extensions, many women will start to research, intending to find the best option available for them. However, there is a lot of information out there on hair extensions and this is where it can become confusing to decide what exactly to buy. Someone may read or hear about the term “Remy hair”, but not be familiar with what it actually means, or may wonder what the hype about it really is. Being well-informed about Remy hair can make a significant difference in your life, such as helping you to not be lured into purchasing short-lived hair extensions.
High quality human hair is being imported from several Asian countries, especially from India and China. Indian hair extensions are the most favored by hair-stylists, celebrities and common people alike, due to the natural qualities of Indian hair’s texture, flexibility, and look. In the hair industry, the extensions made of human hair are classified in two main categories: Remy hair and non-Remy hair. So, let’s have a look at what this means.
“Remy” is real human hair (not synthetic) that distinguishes itself from any other type of donated hair through the method it is collected, processed and its qualities.
The way Remy hair is manufactured is different than the rest, because it is cut, through the pony-tail technique, directly from the scalp level, therefore coming off in its full length. It is important for it to be shaved in this manner, since this is how the hair follicles are all flowing in the same direction,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 57.835926
Retrieved Text: Gambit secretly follows the Courier to get more information about the New Son, but instead stumbles into a meeting of a group called A.S.K.E.W. A yellow gas cloud is released it disfigures all the scientists, and after it has bbeen pulled back into a canister, the Mengo Brothers arrive to transport all of them to the Pig. Gambit grabs the canister from them and runs, but the Mengos chase him through New York. On the fighting scene is a homeless mutant named Quiet Bill, he randomly calls up teleportation portals and the captured scientists are sucked through. The Mengos escape with what they belive the gas canister, but Gambit has the real one, and knows that the Pig will come after him. Fontanelle probes Sekmeht Conoway, but besides her admiring Gambit finds out nothing useful.
Remy is restless fulfilling his debt to the New Son, so he follows his messenger Courier to find out more about him. Courier addresses the Crew A.S.K.E.W., a for-profit research group. One of them, the Pelican, interrupts; he has acquired a will-sapping gas, which he wants mass-produced. The canister cracks; turns out the gas has the side effect of melting your face off. The gas is sucked back into the canister; the Mengo brothers enter; they now control everyone (they are working for the Pig), except Courier; he can control every cell in his body and can’t be affected by the gas. Remy blows his way in and leaves with Courier and the canister.
Fontanelle investigates Sekmeht’s dreams: digging up relics of En

########
Rank: 18
Score: 57.71323
Retrieved Text: Sasha couldn't tell if people liked her or not. She didn't know what they meant when they spoke to her. At school, a pet could say, "I like your shoes," and Sasha could take it the completely wrong way. What if they were just saying that to be funny? What if they really thought her shoes were ugly?
All of the pets at school hated her. She was sure of it. They all discriminated against her, made fun of her, laughed at her... Sasha felt like a bug whenever she went to school. She felt like a big bug. She wished she could just disappear. Maybe someone would step on her one day and she could go away.
Was there a better place out there in the world? Where nobody made fun of you just because you were different? Just because you had a problem?
She had to stay here. In Mystery Island. With Katrina. And she had to go to the dumb school she hated.
The only good thing about school was that Amelia was there. Amelia always cheered Sasha up when she was feeling down. She always talked to her. Even though she never really did anything specifically nice, she gave Sasha someone to be with. Maybe friend wasn't the best word to describe Amelia. Maybe acquaintance was better.
The other day, Amelia told Sasha that she needed more money. So naturally, Sasha went into Katrina's closet and found where she had hidden her Neopoints after Sasha had taken them before. This time she wouldn't empty the whole bag,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 57.367805
Retrieved Text: Last week I got dressed! I mean, I actually put on a dress, heels, a red lip, and attempted a hairstyle other than a sloppy top knot. No elastic waistband! This post sort of reminded me of one I had done last year called Two Hour Dress, because here I am again, in the thick of breastfeeding every 2-3 hours, and fumbling through a full closet but nothing to wear. If you thought getting dressed in the morning was tough, throw in a postpartum bod and the need to be able to expose your bosoms to breastfeed. This is another one of those two hour dresses. I had just enough time to feed her, get us all ready and to our destination, enjoy our morning a bit and drive home just in time to strip down to my skivvies and feed a ravenous baby again. In fact, she didn't quite make it home. We were a few blocks away when the fussing turned into crying.
I decided to take the girls on a mini adventure downtown to The Source, which is about to celebrate their 1 year anniversary! The ironic thing is, last year, around this same time, husband and I had visited The Source for the first time with Remy when she was about 6 months old! So here I am, a year later, this time with a 17 month old, PLUS a 6 week old on my hips, or in a stroller.
I was recently introduced to Daren Nkomo, a really talented photographer who so kindly

########
Rank: 20
Score: 57.32515
Retrieved Text: You can send Remy Martin Cognac Gifts to Estonia in the following locations.
How do I send Remy Martin Cognac to Estonia as a gift?
Technically, you could buy a bottle of Remy Martin Cognac, package it yourself, and ship it to Estonia on your own. But you might run into local alcohol delivery laws, you’ll certainly wait for the package to clear customs, and your recipient might have to pay duty fees on the other end. Embarrassing! There’s an easier way right at your fingertips. Just browse our catalog for Estonia, add their favorite brand of Remy Martin Cognac to your cart, checkout, and you’re done! DrinkableGifts.com has managers in each region waiting to deliver your Remy Martin Cognac gift right to your recipient’s door in Estonia.
How much does it cost to deliver Remy Martin Cognac to Estonia overseas?
Is Remy Martin Cognac delivery to Estonia expensive? The Remy Martin Cognac itself might be expensive, depending on the brand you buy (we do have to charge something for the liquor, after all), but delivery to Estonia will be just one flat rate that you can check here. Keeping regional managers in each location makes it possible for us to pass on shipping savings to you. You can definitely send your Remy Martin Cognac to Estonia with us more cheaply than you can with UPS or Fedex.
Can I safely send a Remy Martin Cognac gift to Estonia?
Absolutely! Our regional team members and couriers do everything in their power to make sure your Remy Martin Cognac gift is delivered to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 57.145294
Retrieved Text: Delco Remy Wiring Diagram 5 (Apr 09, 2019) &horbar; More knowledge about delco remy wiring diagram 5 has been published by Brenda Botha and tagged in this category. Occasionally, we might have to slightly alter the style, colour, or even equipment. Wed like a new concept for it and one of these is this delco remy wiring diagram 5.
This search has the ability to cross Delco Remy, Remy, and competitor part numbers. The part number entered will be stripped of spaces, dashes, and special characters. This is a wildcard search that requires at least four characters to be entered.
Delco (10) Delco Remy (47) General Motors (2) Toyota (1) Unbranded (1) Warranty. see all. No Warranty (25) ... Remy Electric Instruction Book Manual Reo Four Six Models GM Delco. Pre Owned. $9.95. Time left 1d 9h left. ... Delco Remy Standard Duty Generator Regulator Training Manual 1962 General Motors. Pre Owned. $5.95.
One Delco Remy Starter for 12V Cummins, Detroit, and CAT 8200308. $315.41 $ 315. 41. $30.00 shipping. Only 6 left in stock order soon. 10461225 DELCO REMY REMAN STARTER 37 MT SAE 1 12V. More Buying Choices $538.25 (1 new offer) 10465043 DELCO REMY REMAN STARTER 28 MT SAE 1 12V.
Delco Remy Starter found in: Blank Starter Tag, Generator Tag, Or Distributor Tag For 6 Volt Delco Remy With 2 Rivets, Distributor Dust Cover with felt gasket, washer and rubber seal, blank starter generator Tag for 12 V Delco..
Delco Remy d.c. generators are manufactured in a wide range of sizes and types, but the basic de

########
Rank: 22
Score: 57.06756
Retrieved Text: REMY @ sally's?!?!?. Anyone familiar with the remy clip in from Sallys? Is remy from Sally's beauty any good for. Sallys Hair Everything you need to know about Sallys - definition, images/photos, and videos.If you have any questions on Sallys Hair. Beauty carries a large aray of synthetic and human as well as extension accessories. Find great deals on eBay for sallys hair extensions clip in remy Shop with confidence. Product Description. Everything you need to add volume and length to your hair is at your fingertips with our set of 24 inch, clip-in Remy hair Extensions is the well known brand made 100% premium indian human but lots of people cries only limited choices could they make with this brand.
Euronext Clip-in Extensions: rated 4.1 out of 5 on MakeupAlley. See 59 member reviews and photos. Remi Extensions stock a large range of salon quality Remy human hair in all of the most popular colours and lengths. Australia wide express post available. Sally Beauty Supply Human Hair Wholesale Various High Quality Sally Beauty Supply Human Products from Global Sally Beauty Supply Human. Beautiful high quality Remy perfect for adding volume and length. These human hair come pre colored using the safest coloring methods to maintain quality.
Curly ($1.89 - $124.99): 30 of 155 items - Shop Curly from ALL your favorite stores & find HUGE SAVINGS up to 80% off Curly To have the stylish colorful but harmonious you can choose the Harmonious Ombre Clip In Human Hair Three Tone Body Wave 9pcs Sets. Buy Real Human

########
Rank: 23
Score: 57.035023
Retrieved Text: Patrick was a runner and an accountant who worked out of his home in Houston. They were a perfect match- however reluctant Patrick was to take Remy in, in the first place.
It was a cloudy overcast day in March and the skies were opening to pour. Patrick had just started his run, when he noticed a small, gorgeous pointer puppy scratching at an industrial fence surrounding an abandoned factory downtown.
Patrick looked around for the puppy’s owner or his mother, but there was no one. It began to rain. First slowly and then came down in sheets. Patrick thought quickly. There was an opening in the fence, a few feet from where the puppy was trying to get through. Patrick scooped Remy up and squeezed through the small opening. Maybe he could take cover under the awning he saw across the factory yard. Remy cuddled into the crook of Patrick’s armpit.
The factory had ivy growing up the side of the brick. It was the kind of charming place that would make a great brewery or trendy advertising space, Patrick thought. He had never run on this side of town before, but found that by switching up his running spots, he learned more about the city and also got a better workout. The hills were different etc. Taking cover under the awning got him close enough to the shattered window of the place to see why no one wanted it. He smelled urine. He saw squatters. There were fires burning in old rusty trashcans strewn intermittingly across the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 56.939827
Retrieved Text: We get a preview of Charlotte’s 30 Second Fury- Extended Edition, which is set to appear on YouTube this weekend. The announcers then say that Charlotte is going to be in action against Sasha Banks on Main Event!
Sasha pushes Charlotte and Charlotte pushes back and hits a shoulder tackle before letting out a wooo. Sasha flips over Charlotte but Charlotte with an STO and rollup for a near fall. Charlotte with a kick and chop for a near fall. Sasha with an Irish whip but Charlotte with a boot. Sasha puts Charlotte in the ropes and then hits a double knee drop to the midsection while Charlotte hangs on the middle rope and Sasha gets a near fall.
Sasha sends Charlotte into the turnbuckles and she chokes Charlotte. Sasha with forearms to the back followed by a snap mare and a Flair strut before she kicks Charlotte and gets a near fall. Sasha with a cross arm lungblower and then she stretches Charlotte with her boot in Charlotte’s back.
Charlotte escapes the hold and hits a spinning side slam. Charlotte with forearms and clotheslines followed by a chop that sends Sasha to the mat. Sasha lands on her feet on a suplex attempt but Charlotte holds on for a neck breaker. Charlotte kicks Sasha and then she goes up top for a moonsault but Sasha moves. Charlotte lands on her feet and she hits a flip senton for a near fall.
Sasha sends Charlotte into the turnbuckles and she hits a cross arm neck breaker for a near fall.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 56.713787
Retrieved Text: CUTICLE REMY is the new class of remy hair that delivers excellence in all aspects. With unparalleled strength, longevity, health, and vibrancy in color, the CUTICLE REMY truly delivers the highest return of quality and value. So what makes CUTICLE REMY so outstanding?åÊThe #1 difference is XQ's healthy energetic cuticles. CUTICLE REMY XQ is developed with advanced techniques and technologies that specifically focus to preserve and fortify the cuticles at its healthiest and most vibrant form.
Cuticle Remy XQ features the new Advanced Precise Weft, specifically designed to create a flexible weft for easy sewing and secure weft for shed-free wear. The distinct design makes Cuticle Remy XQ the most hassle-free modern Remy hair in the hair industry.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 56.251945
Retrieved Text: Frankie smiled softly as he held him close.
Jacen leaned his head on Frankie's chest, closing his eyes as he tried to relax.
"Will you be fine here?"
"What do you want?" Remy asked.
Frankie started to carry him downstairs.
"Yeah, Jasper is here is anything happens."
Jacen held onto Frankie tightly, leaning against him more.
Artemis smiled and nodded. "True..."
"Okay." Remy chuckled before getting up.
Julian smiled as he rubbed his stomach.
"I'll be back later, okay?"
Remy smiled at him before going out into the kitchen.
"I love you too." Frankie said with a soft smile.
Julian picked up a book as he waited.
Jacen smiled before starting to fall back asleep in Frankie's arms.
"Love you." Artemis smiled, hugging Alex tightly.
Remy came back soon after with Julian's food.
Alex smiled happily and kissed him softly.
Julian smiled as he took the offered bowl.
Jay slowly opened his eyes.
Artemis kissed him back before reluctantly letting go.
Remy smiled and sat back beside him.
Cody was half asleep, curled up against Jay, one arm around his friend.
Alex sighed but let him go.
Julian started on his food.
Artemis frowned at the sigh and kissed him again. "We shouldn't be gone too long."
"Good?" Remy asked as he watched him.
"I will." Artemis nodded, kissing Alex's head.
Julian kisses his cheek with a smile.
Artemis gave a small smile before turning and going to find Frankie.
Remy chuckled and carefully pulled Julian close.
Frankie was in the hallway with Jacen.
Julian smiled as he relaxed again.
Jay curled up sadly, wanting to know if Seth was ok.
Artemis smiled when he saw them, speaking quietly when he saw Jacen asleep. "Ready to go?"
Remy held Julian close,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 56.139492
Retrieved Text: Remy has no memories of his parents. Born in New Orleans with unusual eyes - red irises on black sclera - it was because of his unique eyes that he was snatched from the hospital shortly after birth. It was believed that he was the fulfillment of an ancient prophecy for the even older Thieves Guild.
In those early months, he was under the guardianship of a person known as the Antiquary. Jean-Luc LeBeau saw the child and could not abide the thought of him being raised a relative slave. LeBeau struck a bargain with the Antiquary to free Remy. He was placed into the care of fellow Thieves' Guild member Fagan's group of child-thieves to grow.
Existing on the streets is a tough life and worse for a child. Remy showed his instincts were strong and he was a survivor. He was determined to make his way, humble though it was. Eating from discarded meals and scraps, ducking out of sight to avoid the tougher gangs that beat up the smaller and weaker. He watched other members of the Thieves' Guild as they picket pockets and robbed to get their ill gotten gain. Learning from an early age the laws of the street, he also turned to picking pockets though he was no instant success. Once he perfected his techniques, he was able to carve out a living for the next several years.
When ten, Remy crossed paths with Jean-Luc LeBeau once again - he tried to pick the man's pocket. He almost succeed and it was from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 55.81241
Retrieved Text: The Sway in the Morning road to the BET Awards connected long standing hosts Greg Street and Sway once again as Atlanta played host. “It’s 6 o clock, it’s 6 o clock it’s time for Street to Rock!” – classic. He helped make way for more talented DJ’s such as DB who held down the music selection tough and our special guest DJ Infamous.
Infamous has been hard at work alongside many of the best from Atlanta such as Jeezy and Ludacris, perfect example is the newest single “Run The Check Up”. Yo Gotti also makes an appearance to keep things southern although DJ Infamous has touched projects with Jay-Z, Ye, Ross and an extensive list of heavy hitters. One of those that have had the biggest impact on the Atlanta scene is Jeezy, everyone knew that signature “that’s riiiiggggtt” after a few slick snowman cinematic lines would set any club off in 2005. He was there back then as a ROOKIE rocking a party with Jeezy and Usher, let’s you know just how dope Infamous really is if that was year one.
Definitely makes you respect the work real DJs put in consistently, catch the full conversation right here and “Run The Check Up” this weekend.
Chance The Rapper, YG, Big Sean, Fat Joe & Remy Ma + MORE!
Visit ticketmaster.com NOW! Don’t miss out on your chance to see YG, DJ Mustard, Chance The Rapper, Yo Gotti, Joey Bada$$, Big Sean, Fat Joe & Remy Ma, E-40, & Too $hort!
Powerhouse 2016 – YG, Chance The Rapper, Joey Bada$$

########
Rank: 29
Score: 55.804604
Retrieved Text: COMMENTS: What seems like another holding episode where the pieces are put in place on the chess board. I must say that I find the UN story rather dull, and once again Claire's manipulation of the Russian ambassador seems to easy, compared to her deeply felt setbacks in season two. A nice tidbit about the Underwoods not sleeping together. I hope that goes somewhere. By contrast, what I don't want to see go anywhere is the supposed sexual tension between Jackie and Remy. Dull, dull, dull. Finally, great to see Kim Dickens cast as the White House press correspondent for the Telegraph. Other than that, however, this is not an episode that is either visually striking or particularly wickedly intriguing.
PLOT SUMMARY: Francis declares unemployment a national emergency & so has FEMA report to him. DC is declared in a state of emergency & FU promises full employment in 12 months. FU persuades House Majority Whip Jackie Sharp to declare against him & so lure the women's votes away from Dunbar before then backing FU. Remy Danton also pressures Jackie to marry her boyfriend Alan to ensure a family image and she succeeds in getting engaged. Remy, her ex-lover, is clearly jealous. Congressional leaders threaten to pass a law preventing FU's use of FEMA funds but he sounds unworried.
Seth realises that the Telegraph has sent Ayla's boss, Kate Baldwin (Kim Dickens), to cover the White House is her place. She finds out that the Director of Homeland Security has resigned quietly because of the FEMA plan but

================



======= Instance Index 13659 =========
Input Text: Context: Addison's parents made cookies for Addison's parents birthday party, so Kai asked Addison's parents for one.

Question: What will happen to Addison's parents?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: leech cookies off Addison's parents

B: eat all the cookies at the party

C: tell Kai they may not have a cookie

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 70.78405
Retrieved Text: Addison's parents are divorced and he lives in one house with his mom and another with his dad, but one thing he knows above all is that both his parents love him and they always will.
Most of the time, Max’s friend DeShawn lives with his dad. This weekend, he’s staying with his mom, and he’s asked Max to a sleepover!
One sad day, Mama and Daddy Bear say they are getting a divorce. Daddy won't live at home anymore. Dinah is scared and sad. She wonders if she'll ever see Daddy again.
Through the portrait of a caring family, young readers are reassured that continuity and love need not end when a parent remarries.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 68.82495
Retrieved Text: Addison's disease is a condition in which the adrenal glands cannot secrete enough corticosteroid.
This disease is the opposite of Cushing's disease. In Cushing's disease, the adrenal glands produce excessive corticosteroids.
While Addison's disease in dogs is not as common as Cushing's disease, it still occurs quite frequently in the dog population, especially among young to middle-aged female dogs.
Statistically, among dogs with Addison's disease, about 70-85% of them are females between 4 and 7 of age.
Breed-wise, it seems that certain breeds are more susceptible to this disease. They include, among others, the Great Danes, Rottweilers, German Shepherds, Wheaten and Airedale Terriers, Westies, Basset Hounds, and Standard Poodles.
This is the most common form of Addison's disease in dogs. It is an autoimmune disease in which the immune system attacks the adrenal glands. This causes damage to the glands, making them fail to product sufficient amount of the corticosteroid hormones.
Another cause of primary Addison's disease is a tumor of the adrenal gland.
Secondary Addison's disease is the result of a lack of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), whose function is to stimulate the adrenal gland to produce corticosteroids.
ACTH is produced by the pituitary gland, which may fail to produce sufficient amount of ACTH due to injury, inflammation, or a pituitary tumor.
Just like primary Addison's, atypical Addison's occurs when the adrenal glands fail to work properly. In cases of atypical Addison's, however, the adrenal glands fail to secrete sufficient amount of the glucocorticoid hormones only, whereas the electrolyte balances are usually normal.
Unfortunately, the signs and symptoms of Addison's disease are not distinct. As such,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 68.05339
Retrieved Text: What are the causes of Addison's disease (primary adrenal insufficiency)?
The adrenal glands, which form part of our endocrine system, are situated just above each kidney. The adrenal glands produce hormones which affect every organ and tissue in our bodies.
Help the body respond to stress.
What Are The Signs And Symptoms Of Addison's Disease?
What Are The Causes Of Addison's Disease?
What Are The Treatment Options For Addison's Disease?
Maintain the body's sodium and potassium (electrolyte) balance.
Addison's disease occurs when the outer layer of the adrenal glands (adrenal cortex) is faulty or damaged. This is mainly caused by our immune system attacking it, as if it were harmful bacteria or viruses. In other words, Addison's disease may be the result of an autoimmune condition.
Our immune system is our body's defense mechanism against disease, toxins or infection. When we are ill our immune system produces antibodies which attack whatever is causing us to be ill. Some people's immune system may start attacking healthy tissue and organs - this is called an autoimmune condition/disorder.
Our adrenal glands stop producing enough steroid hormones (cortisol and aldosterone) when 90% of the adrenal cortex is destroyed. As soon as levels of these hormones start to drop, Addison's disease signs and symptoms begin to emerge.
According to The National Health Service (NHS), UK, approximately 80% of all cases of Addison's disease are caused by autoimmune conditions in industrialized nations (rich countries). Addison's disease which is the result of an autoimmune condition is sometimes known as Autoimmune Addison's Disease).
The NHS states that up to 50% of patients with autoimmune Addison's

########
Rank: 3
Score: 66.61595
Retrieved Text: Addison’s disease, also known as primary adrenal insufficiency and hypocortisolism, is a long-term endocrine disorder in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough steroid hormones. Symptoms generally come on slowly and may include abdominal pain, weakness, and weight loss. Darkening of the skin in certain areas may also occur. Under certain circumstances, an adrenal crisis may occur with low blood pressure, vomiting, lower back pain, and loss of consciousness. An adrenal crisis can be triggered by stress, such as from an injury, surgery, or infection. Death may occur without treatment.
Addison’s disease affects about 0.9 to 1.4 per 10,000 people in the developed world. It occurs most frequently in middle-aged females. Secondary adrenal insufficiency is more common. Long-term outcomes with treatment are typically good. It is named after Thomas Addison, a graduate of the University of Edinburgh Medical School, who first described the condition in 1855. The adjective "addisonian" is used to describe features of the condition, as well as people with Addison’s disease.
The signs and symptoms include fatigue; lightheadedness upon standing or difficulty standing, muscle weakness, fever, weight loss, anxiety, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headache, sweating, changes in mood or personality, and joint and muscle pains. Some patients have cravings for salt or salty foods due to the loss of sodium through their urine. Hyperpigmentation of the skin may be seen, particularly when the patient lives in a sunny area, as well as darkening of the palmar crease, sites of friction, recent scars, the vermilion border of the lips, and genital skin. These skin changes are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 66.2099
Retrieved Text: Breast Cancer Topic: Addison's disease and breast cancer - anyone else?
→ Topic: Addison's disease and breast cancer - anyone else?
Topic: Addison's disease and breast cancer - anyone else?
I have Addison's disease (my adrenal glands do not produce cortisol and some other hormones, so I take cortisone daily) and wondered if there is any one else who has Addison's disease and breast cancer?
DX 4/11/11 cancer in both breasts.
Right - DCIS, HER-2+,12mm, grade3, stage1, lumpectomy, re-excision, Herceptin.
Left - LCIS, ER+,PR+,3mm, grade1, stage1, lumpectomy, chemotherapy, further surgery necessary.
Me! I have secondary Addison's as a result of Cushings disease..my adrenal glands were removed. Haven't had chemo but my steroid dose hasn't changed through surgeries, fills, meds etc.
Thanks for replying! I have started chemo, and was given very high doses of steroids for the first 3 days, as I understand everyone is. I continued with my normal dose as well, and then weaned down. All the best to you.
Hope treatment goes quickly for you.
Hello perky and TessaK. I'm wondering if you might be able to share your outcomes thus far and your experiences with breast cancer and Addison's? My mother was just diagnosed with breast cancer and has been living with Addison's for several years now. Given her past history of immune system issues (lingering colds and other sickenesses, extreme reactions to poison ivy, etc...) we are concerned about how she might be able to weather what is ahead of her (likely surgery, chemo, etc...). She s 59 and is in otherwise good health. Anything you might be willing to share

########
Rank: 5
Score: 65.0306
Retrieved Text: If known, what was the cause of Addison's disease in you or a relative?
What were your symptoms at the onset of your Addison's disease?
What was the treatment for your Addison's disease?
Were you or someone you know diagnosed with Addison's disease? Please share your experience.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 64.592926
Retrieved Text: While you may know about the day to day effects of living with Addison's disease, also known as primary adrenal insufficiency, and hypocortisolism, you may not know how it will affect your life insurance application. The eight questions and answers below are a good start to getting a handle on the issue. For more in-depth answers, just follow the links and keep reading.
Can I be approved for life insurance with Addison's disease?
Every applicant for life insurance with Addison's disease can be approved for a policy.
However, the type of policy that can be approved, and the rates charged, will depend on the nature of your Addison's, how long ago it was diagnosed, and your overall health.
What information will life insurance companies want to know?
How much will life insurance cost with an Addison's diagnosis and how exactly does the Addison's disease affect the rates?
The rates you pay for tem insurance are dependent on the underwriting class you are graded by the carrier. Auto immune applications are generally going to be rated as standard (rare) or lower. This issue is discussed using pricing samples here. Sample pricing for simplified issue and guaranteed issue policies is provided in the corresponding links.
Will I need to take an exam for Addison's disease life insurance?
In order to get the best term rates possible you will need to take an exam. However, if it turns out that simplified issue or guaranteed issue policies are the best fit for your application, no exam will be required. See How Term Life Insurance Works for more on

########
Rank: 7
Score: 64.53683
Retrieved Text: The diagnosis is in; it's Addison's Disease. All of us here at AddisonDogs.com remember hearing those words from our vet. Sometimes they brought up feelings of sadness or fear, occasionally relief to know what's going on. Then the vet starts talking about mineralo-somethings and prednisone and DOCP and daily this and monthly that and soon your head is swimming. You just want your dog back. That's how AddisonDogs.com came to be.
What is Addison's disease anyway?
Let's start with a brief overview of Addison's disease. It is the common name for hypoadrenocorticism, or adrenal insufficiency. It is a disease with symptoms that are common in many other ailments, making diagnosis difficult and sometimes a process of elimination. But once Addison's is correctly diagnosed, a properly treated dog can live a normal active life.
The adrenal, one on each kidney, is made up of two layers, the cortex and the medulla. The outer area, or cortex, secretes corticosteriod hormones such as cortisol and aldosterone. The medulla, part of the sympathetic nervous system, secretes epinephrine (adrenaline), which is generally not affected by Addison's.
There are three forms of Addison's disease: primary, secondary and atypical. Primary and atypical Addison's are usually the result of immune mediated damage to the glands. Secondary hypoadrenocorticism is from failure of the pituitary to stimulate the adrenals with adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH). It is important for you to know which type of Addison's disease your dog is being treated for.
The symptoms of Addison's disease can be vague. More importantly, they are similar to the symptoms of many different problems.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 64.08661
Retrieved Text: Self harm treatment centers in georgia Symptoms, Treatment and Prevention of Addison's Disease. Definition of Addison's Disease; Description of Addison's Disease; Causes and Risk Factors of Addison's Disease.
Mexican food university ave san diego A local Santa Barbara favorite, Aldo's Italian Restaurant serves creative Italian dishes, fresh local fish and the finest wines.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 63.639435
Retrieved Text: Animal Endocrine Clinic: How Is Canine Addison’s Disease Best Diagnosed?
How Is Canine Addison’s Disease Best Diagnosed?
Addison’s disease (also referred to as hypoadrenocorticism or adrenal insufficiency) is an uncommon disorder in which the adrenal cortex fails to secrete sufficient amounts of its steroid hormones. These include cortisol, aldosterone, or both hormones (see my last post on Addison's disease for more information). Because these adrenal hormones are essential for life, the consequences can be life threatening when they are not secreted in normal amounts.
During the initial stages of this Addison’s disease, the clinical signs are generally vague and nonspecific, making diagnosis very difficult. As time goes on, more and more of the adrenal cortex is destroyed in these dogs.
overt clinical signs of Addison’s disease are generally observed.
Without early diagnosis and treatment, the disease can result in a phenomenon known as an Addisonian crisis. The dog collapses in shock due to its inability to adapt to their circulatory requirements in time stress. Blood sugar may drop dangerously low. Potassium levels soar and disrupt the heart rhythm because there is not enough conserved sodium to exchange for potassium. Heart rate slows, and arrhythmias may result. The dog may not survive this episode.
until they develop a life-threatening adrenal crisis.
Because of the nonspecific and vague clinical signs that are seen in dogs with Addison's disease, this disorder has earned a distinct medical nickname —The Great Imitator.
Chest and abdominal x-rays may reveal a smaller than normal heart and liver. These radiology changes are the result of the Addisonian dog’s shock-like state, which reduces

########
Rank: 10
Score: 62.66966
Retrieved Text: Zeiger, Roni F.. "Addison's Disease." Diagnosaurus, 4th ed., McGraw-Hill Education, 2014. Emergency Central, emergency.unboundmedicine.com/emergency/view/Diagnosaurus/114320/all/Addison's_disease.
Zeiger RF. Addison's disease. Diagnosaurus. 4th ed. McGraw-Hill Education; 2014. https://emergency.unboundmedicine.com/emergency/view/Diagnosaurus/114320/all/Addison's_disease. Accessed April 25, 2019.
Zeiger RF. Addison's Disease [Internet]. In: Diagnosaurus. McGraw-Hill Education; 2014. [cited 2019 April 25]. Available from: https://emergency.unboundmedicine.com/emergency/view/Diagnosaurus/114320/all/Addison's_disease.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 62.66966
Retrieved Text: To schedule a consultation with a hormone specialist in Plantation that specializes in Addison's disease treatment, call (954) 248-3611 or contact Ferdinand Cabrera online.
Addison's disease can drain you of your energy, appetite and cause unneeded stress and pain. Schedule a consultation with a qualified hormone specialist in Plantation that can treat your Addison's disease, and get back to being you! Call (954) 248-3611 or contact Ferdinand Cabrera online.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 61.36124
Retrieved Text: Acute coronary syndrome is a term used for any condition brought on by sudden, reduced blood flow to the heart. Acute coronary syndrome symptoms may include the type of chest pressure that you feel during a heart attack, or pressure in your chest while you're at rest or doing light physical activity (unstable angina). The first sign of acute coronary syndrome can be sudden stopping of your heart (cardiac arrest). Acute coronary syndrome is often diagnosed in an emergency room or hospital.
Acute coronary syndrome is treatable if diagnosed quickly. Acute coronary syndrome treatments vary, depending on your signs, symptoms and overall health condition.
Acute liver failure is loss of liver function that occurs rapidly — in days or weeks —usually in a person who has no pre-existing liver disease. Acute liver failure is less common than chronic liver failure, which develops more slowly.
The word "acute" in acute lymphocytic leukemia comes from the fact that the disease progresses rapidly and creates immature blood cells, rather than mature ones. The "lymphocytic" in acute lymphocytic leukemia refers to the white blood cells called lymphocytes, which ALL affects. Acute lymphocytic leukemia is also known as acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
The word "acute" in acute myelogenous leukemia denotes the disease's rapid progression. It's called myelogenous (my-uh-LOHJ-uh-nus) leukemia because it affects a group of white blood cells called the myeloid cells, which normally develop into the various types of mature blood cells, such as red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets.
Addison's disease is a disorder that occurs when your body produces insufficient amounts of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 61.22811
Retrieved Text: MANCHESTER � For the second day in a row, jurors in Michael Addison's capital murder trial heard testimony that he threatened to "pop a cop" in the days before he shot Manchester police officer Michael Briggs.
"Addison said to me that if the cops pull up he'll pop shots, he'll pop a cop," Jeffrey Hayes, 28, testified on Thursday. "He said that's how we do it in the bean," referring to Boston, Addison's hometown.
Hayes met Addison on Oct. 10, 2006. He said he was an accomplice in an armed robbery with him and Antoine Bell-Rogers at the El Mexicano Restaurant that day.
Hayes, who is serving a four-to-15-year sentence for armed robbery in an unrelated incident, said he drove the getaway car after Bell-Rogers shot at the owner of the restaurant and robbed him while Addison robbed a customer at knifepoint. As part of a plea deal, Hayes agreed to testify against Addison.
Hayes testified that Addison's threats came the night of Oct. 10 while the trio were hanging out in an alleyway drinking and smoking marijuana, Hayes said.
Hayes said he expressed concern that police might stop and talk to them because of the robbery and recommended they not hang out in the alley. That is when Addison said he would "pop a cop."
Hayes said Bell-Rogers repeated the statement, also saying the police would "think twice about chasing us."
Hayes said he told Bell-Rogers he disagreed, and the police would have them surrounded if that happened.
"I said they won't think twice; they'll kill us or have an apb out on

########
Rank: 14
Score: 61.203415
Retrieved Text: Korean food new malden postcode Symptoms, Treatment and Prevention of Addison's Disease. Definition of Addison's Disease; Description of Addison's Disease; Causes and Risk Factors of Addison's Disease.
Mozambique tilapia food Arthur Ashe. Born: July 10, 1943 Tennis. first black man to win U.S. Championship (1968) and Wimbledon (1975); 1st U.S. player to earn $100,000 in 1 year (1970); won Davis Cup as. Seafood restaurant. Site features menus, gift shop and about us page.
Toxoplasmosis treatment in cats Elton John on listen to audio streams, check out photos, watch videos, write a review, discover similar artists, find news and features, voice your opinion on the forum.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 60.698948
Retrieved Text: Why Is My Dog Shaking and Vomiting?
According to Central Houston Animal Hospital, shaking and vomiting in dogs often signifies acute abdominal pain. Acute abdominal pain is caused by a variety of factors that include viral or bacterial infections, pancreatitis and gallbladder rupture. It is extremely important for dog owners to consult with a veterinarian as soon as possible to ensure proper treatment. Additional causes of shaking and vomiting in dogs include nausea, dehydration and Addison's disease.
According to WebMD, nausea is a common cause for shaking and vomiting in dogs. Nausea in dogs can result from underlying kidney disease, liver disease, overeating and ingestion of toxic substances. Additional signs of nausea include yawning, lip smacking, salivating and excessive swallowing.
VCA Animal Hospitals explains that vomiting and intermittent shaking are sometimes symptoms of Addison's disease, a condition caused by decreased hormone production of the outer cortex of the adrenal gland. Additional clinical signs of Addison's disease include increased thirst, increased urination, lethargy and diarrhea. Addison's disease is treatable with medications and the prognosis is good in most cases. In certain cases, Addison's disease can cause severe symptoms that include sudden weakness, severe vomiting, severe diarrhea and collapse. This acute syndrome is referred to as an "Addisonian Crisis." Dogs must be hospitalized immediately to ensure prompt and effective treatment.
Find Dog Shaking Trembling. Examine Now.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 60.31416
Retrieved Text: To schedule a consultation with a hormone specialist in Aventura that specializes in Addison's disease treatment, call (954) 248-3611 or contact Ferdinand Cabrera online.
Addison's disease can drain you of your energy, appetite and cause unneeded stress and pain. Schedule a consultation with a qualified hormone specialist in Aventura that can treat your Addison's disease, and get back to being you! Call (954) 248-3611 or contact Ferdinand Cabrera online.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 59.804596
Retrieved Text: To schedule a consultation with a hormone specialist in Safety Harbor that specializes in Addison's disease treatment, call (727) 826-0838 or contact Peaks of Health Metabolic Medical Center online.
Addison's disease can drain you of your energy, appetite and cause unneeded stress and pain. Schedule a consultation with a qualified hormone specialist in Safety Harbor that can treat your Addison's disease, and get back to being you! Call (727) 826-0838 or contact Peaks of Health Metabolic Medical Center online.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 59.56313
Retrieved Text: Competition (Psychology) -- Juvenile ficiton.
Dylan's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Snivels, have always told him that he is the very best and cleverest super-villain in the whole wide world. And Dylan's confident that it's true--until he starts school and meets Addison Van Malice. Sure, Dylan's costume is scary. But Addison Van Malice's is bone-chilling. And yes, Dylan's laugh is crazy. But Addison Van Malice's is bananas. And Dylan's inventions are certainly super-villainous. But Addison Van Malice's are demonic! When their teacher, Ms. Ick, announces a Diabolical Robot Building Contest, Dylan sees his opportunity to prove that he really is the most evil villain of all. But Addison's not giving in without a fight. And so begins a competition of skill and wits that doesn't go the way anyone expected..

########
Rank: 19
Score: 58.477737
Retrieved Text: Family and friends got together for Addison's 2nd birthday.
Mommy did her magic again and baked these awesome delicious cakes, yummy.
Just gorgeous, that all we can say.
Which expression is your favorite?
Just random pictures over the last two years.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 57.54061
Retrieved Text: Zycortal 25mg/ml 4ml Injection is a prolonged-release suspension for injection for Dogs.
For use as replacement therapy for mineralocorticoid deficiency in dogs with primary hypoadrenocorticism (Addison's disease).
Before starting treatment with the veterinary medicinal product, it is important that Addison's disease has been definitively diagnosed. Any dog presenting with severe hypovolaemia, dehydration, pre-renal azotemia and inadequate tissue perfusion (also known as 'Addisonian crisis') must be rehydrated with intravenous fluid (saline) therapy before starting treatment with the veterinary medicinal product.
Zycortal is a prescription item, therefore the item will be sent once a prescription is received.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 57.19043
Retrieved Text: Addison's Disease - Provides information, treatment, and interaction of Addison's Diseases and type I diabetes.
ImmuneDisease.com - Offers in-dept information on immunology, primary immune defficiency diseases and treatment.
Jeanette's APECED - APECED syndrome is a very rare genetic syndrome involving the autoimmune system. It is a combination of several distinct disorders.
Multiple Chemical Sensitivity - Provides information environmental illness, multiple chemical sensitivity, chronic fatigue syndrome, & more.
Organisation for Primary Immunodeficiencies - An international organization whose members are national patient organizations for the primary immunodeficiencies.
The Environmental Illness Resource - Provides information and forums on the subject of environmental illness, including CFS/ME, fibromyalgia, MCS & gulf war syndrome.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 57.06351
Retrieved Text: This leaflet has been authored by the Addison's Clinical Advisory Panel, with assistance from specialist endocrine nurse Nikki Kieffer.
The ADSHG's enquiries during 2012 suggest that over half of the UK’s nursing colleges do not yet cover steroid-dependence in their undergraduate curriculum. This means that many ward nurses will have no understanding of the importance of steroid medication or how quickly anyone with Addison's could experience the damaging effects of steroid deprivation, especially during the recovery from surgery or a crisis.
The leaflet is © ADSHG March 2013. It may be copied for personal use or by medical practitioners for the education of their colleagues. Otherwise it should not be reproduced without written permission of the ADSHG.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 56.982246
Retrieved Text: Restituto P, Galofré JC, Gil MJ, Mugueta C, Santos S, Monreal JI, Varo N.
Clinical Chemistry Department, University Clinic of Navarra, University of Navarra, Pamplona, Spain.
Salivary cortisol in the assessment of glucocorticoid related disorders.
Serum and salivary cortisol were measured in 189 patients (22 Cushing's syndrome, 67 pseudo-Cushing, 11 Addison's disease, 89 controls) at 8:00 and 24:00 h.
Serum and salivary cortisol correlated in the whole study population (r=0.62, p=0.000). Morning serum and saliva cortisol in Addison's disease were lower than in controls (6.74+/-1.69 vs 22.58+/-1.78 microg/dL, and 0.15+/-0.25 vs 0.67+/-0.12 microg/dL) (p<0.001). Morning serum cortisol was similar in controls and patients with Cushing's syndrome or pseudo-Cushing (22.58+/-1.78 vs 13.96+/-6.02 vs 16.13+/-1.69 microg/dL). Morning serum and salivary cortisol at 8:00 had the same sensitivity to distinguish patients with Addison's disease from healthy controls. 24:00 am serum cortisol in controls (2.61+/-0.20 microg/dL) was lower than in the pseudo-Cushing group (6.53+/-0.77 microg/dL, p<0.001) and in Cushing's syndrome (10.90+/-2.36 microg/dL, p=0.003). 24:00 am salivary cortisol in controls (0.0025+/-0.001 microg/dL) was lower than in patients with Cushing's syndrome (0.58+/-0.11 microg/dL, p<0.001) and those higher than in patient with pseudo-Cushing (0.10+/-0.06 microg/dL, p=0.001). Both salivary cortisol and serum cortisol presented high specificity (82% and 100%) to detect Cushing's syndrome but salivary cortisol higher sensitivity (saliva 88% and serum 50%).
Morning salivary cortisol is as good as serum as screening test for patients with Addison's disease and nighttime salivary cortisol is more adequate than serum in the screening of Cushing's syndrome.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 56.65363
Retrieved Text: L. Catherine (Ballenger) Addison, 84, of Auburndale, passed away Friday, Nov. 30, 2007, at Consulate Health Care at Lake Parker in Lakeland due to heart failure.
Mrs. Addison was born Oct. 9, 1923, in Cottondale to Floyd and Lula (Brannen) White. She was a resident of Polk County since 1949, coming from Cottondale. She was a retired LPN and member of First Assembly of God of Lake Alfred.
She was preceded in death by her parents; husband, James Jackson Addison; a son, Columbus Franklin "Buddy" Addison; and three sisters.
Catherine is survived by her loving family, which includes one son, Raymond "Ray" (Kyra) Addison of Auburndale; two daughters, Peggy Ann Hild of Lakeland and Joyce (Ralph) Ballenger of North Carolina; eight grandchildren; and 10 great-grandchildren.
In lieu of flowers, the family requests that donations in Mrs. Addison's name be made to Alzheimer's Association "Research Department," 9365 U.S. Highway 19 N., Suite B, Pinellas Park, FL 33782.
Funeral services will be held at 2 p.m. Tuesday at the Kersey Funeral Home. Visitation will be held before the services from 1 to 2 p.m. at the funeral home.
Graveside services and interment will be held at 3 p.m. Wednesday at the Pilgrim Rest Baptist Church Cemetery in Cottondale.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 56.19155
Retrieved Text: Zoe is a 4-year-old 17.5 lb (8.0 kg) female Rat Terrier who was diagnosed with Addison’s disease 7 months ago. She receives Percorten injections every 28 days, along with 5 mg of prednisone daily.
She is active and playful but is always famished. Her water intake has also increased on the medication, but she isn't showing any incontinence.
My major concern is that she has lost her hair on all four legs and belly, and now it is progressing up her shoulders, hind quarters, and to her head!
Her lab tests are within normal range according to her vet, who wants to take a wait and see approach. I thought she may be getting too much prednisone, but my vet is afraid to cut back for fear of her ”crashing” and developing an adrenal crisis.
Any thoughts on this? Zoe could sure use the help before all the other dogs start teasing her!
Based on the clinical features of increased appetite, increased thirst, and hair loss, it is most likely that Zoe is being overdosed with the prednisone and has developed iatrogenic Cushing's syndrome (glucocorticoid excess).
In support of that, the daily maintenance dose of prednisone or prednisolone in dogs with Addison's disease is only 0.1-0.2 mg per kg per day. So at 8 kg (Zoe's body weight), that calculates out to 0.8 mg to 1.6 mg per day. This is only 15-30% of the dose that she is now receiving every day. When you think about that, it's no wonder that she is showing signs of glucocorticoid (prednisone) excess!
Remember that the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 56.16601
Retrieved Text: Addison's Disease is an uncommon disease, caused by partial or complete failure of the outer layer of the adrenal glands (the adrenal cortex).
The adrenal gland produces hormones that control many body functions. In Addison's disease, there is a chronic deficiency of cortisol, aldosterone and adrenal androgens (hormones made in the adrenal glands). When the body is deficient in these hormones, the result can be high levels of potassium and low levels of salt, causing an electrolyte imbalance in the body.
Addison's disease occurs when the adrenal glands do not produce enough of the hormone cortisol, and in some cases, the hormone aldosterone. For this reason, the disease is sometimes called chronic adrenal insufficiency (or hypocortisolism).
Cortisol is normally produced by the adrenal glands, just above the kidneys. It belongs to a class of hormones called glucocorticoids, which affect almost every organ and tissue in the body. Scientists think that cortisol has possibly hundreds of effects in the body.
Cortisol's most important job is to help the body respond to stress. Among its other vital tasks, cortisol helps maintain blood pressure and cardiovascular function, slow the immune system's inflammatory response, balance the effect of insulin in breaking down sugar for energy and regulate the metabolism of proteins, carbohydrates and fats. Because cortisol is so vital to health, the amount of cortisol produced by the adrenals is precisely balanced.
Like many other hormones, cortisol is regulated by the brain's hypothalamus and the pituitary gland, a bean-sized organ at the base of the brain. One of the pituitary's main functions is to secrete

########
Rank: 27
Score: 55.960186
Retrieved Text: Adrenal glands are tiny glands located in the abdomen, at the top of the kidneys. They are endocrine glands in charge with production of numerous hormones which are of great importance for the entire body. These glands may be affected by a variety conditions which eventually lead to either insufficient production of certain hormones or excessive production of the hormones. The diagnosis of the underlying cause can be rather challenging. Adrenal glands can be affected in both, men and women. Still women tend to develop certain adrenal conditions more comparing to men.
The most common diseases which affect adrenal glands in women are Cushing's syndrome, Addison's disease and hyperaldosteronism.
Cushing's syndrome is a hormone disorder which features with increased levels of cortisone in the blood. This syndrome can occur due to several causes and tumor of adrenal glands is the only one of them. Most commonly benign adenomas produce additional cortisone and this is what leads to specific symptoms and signs of the disease. The symptoms of Cushing's disease include rapid weight gain, particularly of the trunk and face, hyperhidrosis, telangiectasia and acne, thinning of the skin with consequent formation of striae. Patients who are suffering from Cushing's disease complain about weakness of proximal muscles, suffer from hirsutism and baldness. Additional problems include problems with sleeping, reduction in libido, menstrual disorders, and infertility. Women who suffer from this syndrome may develop different psychological disturbances such as psychosis or even depression.
Addison's disease features with insufficient production of glucocorticosteroids. The disease can be easily diagnosed by blood tests and certain

########
Rank: 28
Score: 55.839386
Retrieved Text: My patient is a 2-year old female/spayed Labrador Retriever who was initially examined 2 months ago because of anorexia and vomiting. Routine serum chemistry panel showed prerenal azotemia, hyperkalemia (potassium of 7.4 mEq/L; reference range, 3.5-5.7 mEq/L), hyponatremia (sodium, 127; reference range, 136-148 mEq/L) and a Na/K ratio of 18 (normal <27). An ACTH stimulation test revealed a low basal cortisol (0.2 μg/dl) with no response to ACTH stimulation (0.3 μg/dl). This lack of a cortisol response coupled with the classic serum electrolyte changes was considered diagnostic for primary hypoadrenocorticism (Addison's disease).
I started the dog on oral prednisone (0.15 mg/kg once daily) for glucocorticoid coverage. For mineralocorticoid supplementation, I administered a single dose of desoxycorticosterone pivalate (DOCP; Percorten-V, Novartis) at the recommended dose of 2.2 mg/kg intramuscularly.
The dog has done very well, with a complete clinical response. We have monitored the dog's serum chemistry panel at 15, 25, 35, and 51 days after the initial Percorten-V injection, but the dog's serum potassium value remains within the high-normal range (between 4.5-5.5).
Now on day 53, the dog is acting more lethargic and is not eating well. I just instructed the owner to administer the second Percorten-V injection; the owner is a nurse so they are able to give the injection at home.
I'm confused. Does this dog have Addison's disease or is my diagnosis incorrect? Can Addison's disease ever go into remission? Why is the serum potassium concentration still within the normal range?
In answer to your second question: No, dogs with true primary hypoadrenocorticism have destruction of all layers

########
Rank: 29
Score: 55.729244
Retrieved Text: Description: Addison's disease occurs when the adrenal glands (located above each kidney) do not work normally and do not produce enough hormones. Addison's disease may also be called chronic adrenal insufficiency or hypocortisolism.
This screen is used to aid in the diagnosis of Addison's disease.
CBC With Differential/Platelet: Hematocrit; hemoglobin; mean corpuscular volume (MCV); mean corpuscular hemoglobin (MCH); mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC); red cell distribution width (RDW); percentage and absolute differential counts; platelet count; red cell count; white blood cell count.
Comprehensive Metabolic Profile (CMP) (includes eGFR): A:G ratio; albumin, serum; alkaline phosphatase, serum; ALT (SGPT); AST (SGOT); bilirubin, total; BUN; BUN:creatinine ratio; calcium, serum; carbon dioxide, total; chloride, serum; creatinine, serum; globulin, total; glucose, serum; potassium, serum; protein, total, serum; sodium, serum; eGFR.
Patient Instructions: Patient should fast for 12 hours prior to specimen collection. ACTH should be drawn between 7 AM and 10 AM. Some tests in this panel may exhibit interference when sample is collected from a person who is consuming a supplement with a high dose of biotin (also termed as vitamin B7 or B8, vitamin H or coenzyme R). It is recommended to stop biotin consumption at least 72 hours prior to the collection of specimen.

================



======= Instance Index 29400 =========
Input Text: Context: Riley and Ash had been dating for 3 months and Riley really liked Ash but Riley found out that Ash had cheated on them.  Riley was hurt and upset but Ash was very apologetic and promised to never do it again.

Question: Why did Riley do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: did this because Ash promised to do it again

B: did this because they liked Ash

C: did this because he hated Ash

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 70.67237
Retrieved Text: The RIL06 from Riley features four ebony points on the forearm. It comes with a 9.5mm Blue Diamond tip assuring you that only the best materials are used to make Riley Snooker Cues! One of the most popular and respected names in Snooker brings your game to the next level with the RIL06!
very happy with my RIL06 snooker cue. beautiful ash wood, perfect weight great tip.
55 out of 103 customers found this review helpful.
55 out of 111 customers found this review helpful.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 67.24098
Retrieved Text: An entry level two-piece cue made from good quality ash. It combines a stained genuine ash front splice with an ROS decal design.
Comes complete with matching 6" Riley ROS extension.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 65.092606
Retrieved Text: With the acquisition of the long-established and time-honoured company Riley Leisure, the BCE Group succeeded in uniting two well-known billiard brands under one roof. The headquarters in Bristol, England, now operates the BCE and Riley brands. Riley was founded in 1897 and is known for its precise and high-quality billiard tables, which are made of the best materials and have made friends all over the world. Under the brand BCE it was possible to combine years of experience with the latest technology and thus produce first-class cues. The cues are lacquered and usually bear the names of well-known snooker players. The BCE Group makes its know-how and products available to top-class sport and is committed to promoting it. BCE sponsors world champions such as Ronnie O´Sullivan and Marc Selby. Since 1992, eight different world champions have been won on Riley tables.
Snooker set of the well known snooker player.
Snooker cue made of North American ash.
Extension for the cues of Jimmy White and John Higgins.
This extension is 22.5 cm long.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 64.812805
Retrieved Text: Sam gritted his teeth against the pain while he listened to the McKenna brothers argue over what to do with him.
Sam breathed deeply, trying to find the strength to fight the pain. The last thing he wanted was to look like a weakling, a child, in front of his best friend Mike, and Mike’s older brothers. He was the youngest, but it didn’t mean he’d bawl like a baby or he needed rushing to the doctor for the smallest scratch. Okay, it wasn’t scratch, it was a broken arm, but still… “I’ll be fine,” he grunted. He looked up to find the other three men staring down at him, identical frowns on their foreheads.
“I’ll be fine,” Sam repeated.
Jack’s face changed as he thought. Jack was the oldest of the McKenna brothers, with Riley between him and Mike. Sam and Mike had been best friends forever. “I might have something…” Jack murmured.
The other two brothers spun to look at Jack with narrowed eyes.
They spoke in near unison, both clearly curious.
Jack smirked, and Sam tensed. It was bound to be something terrible, knowing Jack’s sense of humour. You’d think he’d be the responsible one, being the oldest, but he wasn’t. He loved dragging the younger guys into whatever mischief he’d cooked up.
When Jack drew a bottle of whisky from his saddlebag, jaws dropped.
Despite the pain throbbing in his arm, Sam had to chuckle at the familiar sight of the brothers squaring off.
“What’s it gonna hurt, Jack?” asked Riley, playing the peacemaker as usual.
“Yes!” Mike did a fist pump

########
Rank: 4
Score: 64.33443
Retrieved Text: Be grateful for in order to this site. For anybody who is looking for the very best Television Stands & Entertainment Centers items and trusted, we suggest Leick 89046 Riley Holliday Rustic Oak 46 in. TV Console as the best choice for you to have an inexpensive price and good quality. To ensure you get the maximum advantage from this item, following a review of Leick 89046 Riley Holliday Rustic Oak 46 in. TV Console.
The Leick 89046 Riley Holliday Rustic Oak 46 in. TV Console makes a stylish addition to your entertainment space. It features beautifying details such as a running slate tile design, raised wood panels and pewter hardware. Clipped corners and a distressed, rustic autumn finish make this console a welcome addition to style-conscious homes. Dust-free storage for media components is provided in the glass enclosed cabinet. Ash and oak veneers make this console durable and adds to its visual appeal. About Leick Furniture, Inc. Based in Sheboygan, Wisc., Leick Furniture, Inc. specializes in crafting fine furniture and fixtures for functional home decor. Using century-old furniture-crafting traditions, the company creates stunning pieces with the home in mind. Leick Furniture’s experts carefully craft each piece of furniture to meet the company’s high standards for quality, using only the finest materials available. Made of ash/oak veneers in distressed rustic oak finish. Multi-step, hand-applied finish brings out the beauty of the solid wood grain. Storage behind a tempered glass door windows. Running slate design with hammered pewter hardware. Holds most TV screens up to 46 inches wide.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 59.599274
Retrieved Text: These rear pocket liners are suitable for MKIII Riley Elf/ Wolseley Hornet's without the provisions for the front mounted ash tray in the rear pocket. The board is creased to help you fold it into the pocket.
While we have three different shades of red listed, we believe the closest to the original shade is Grenadine Red. All three shades of red have been used during the production of our interior parts so please check carefully when matching to parts already purchased from us.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 59.4689
Retrieved Text: The Charles Page High School varsity baseball team (12-6, 2-2) won their eighth-straight game Friday afternoon, overcoming cold, wind, rain, and Hornets for a 12-0 run-rule shutout of Hilldale High School (5-10).
Brock Youngblood (2-3, 8-11) pitched six strikeouts against only two hits and one walk in four innings on the mound.
The Sandites got on the board right away as Tyler Ash scored on a wild pitch and Riley Rutledge scored on an error in the first inning. Kameron Adcock scored on a balk and Ty Steelman stole home in the second inning and Cale Savage brought in Rutledge with a double in the third.
It looked like the Hornets would finally get on the board in the top of the fourth, but after an error and a pair of singles, Youngblood stranded loaded bases with a pair of strikeouts and the Sandites continued the melee.
Steelman's rabid base running continued in the fourth inning. After hitting a single he stole second, made third on a wild pitch, and scored on an error. Ash reached on an error, Watkins singled, and Malachi Burks walked to load the bases. Ash walked in, Watkins scored on an error, John Miller singled in Burks, Rutledge walked in, then Ash doubled to score Savage and Miller for the final runs of the game.
Sand Springs Baseball will return to action Monday at 5:00 p.m. when the Sandites host Ponca City (4-16, 1-5) in district action. Hilldale will host Salina (9-7) next Thursday at 5:00 p.m.
Hits: CPHS 5, HHS 2.
Walks: CPHS 8, HHS 1.
Strikeouts: CPHS

########
Rank: 7
Score: 59.27526
Retrieved Text: Australia currently produces approximately 14 million tonnes per annum of combustion products from its pulverised fuel (pf) coal-fired power stations (see Chapter 1). Some of this material is utilised in different ways, and the remainder is stored in wet ash dams or dry repositories. Projections by Morrison et al. (2005) have suggested that one outcome of a change in the mix of electricity generating plant in Australia may be a halving in the availability of fly ash by 2050, as a consequence of constraints on CO2 emissions and the associated adoption of transitional power generation technologies.
This chapter is based primarily on Research Report 89 (Riley et al. 2008), published by the Co-operative Research Centre for Coal in Sustainable Development (CCSD). It summarises the alternative technologies under consideration that may be introduced in the transition towards low-carbon power generating systems, especially the differences between the combustion products produced by transitional power generation technologies and the fly ash (and bottom ash) produced by conventional pulverised fuel power stations. Any differences between these materials may suggest advantages associated with beneficial use or environmentally acceptable storage of the products from some of these technologies compared to products derived from conventional pulverised fuel combustion, or alternatively that the products from transitional generation technologies may have properties that would impact adversely on the options for their disposal or use.
integrated gasification combined cycle (IGCC) using slagging gasifiers.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 59.048607
Retrieved Text: Wilt still not done writing about this is secretly dating 'riverdale' co-star charles melton. When he decided to be able to be living like when lucas, cory calls lucas. Apparently riley accepted his parents visit family in class to talk about lucas's ex, we'll see a description of the narrator kira riley and. Girl meets world's series finale was something she realized this is perfect date though, then finds both lucas fanfiction riley lucas. Dating, and both lucas while riley smiled politely and lucas. After she sat on hold by riley girl meets world rucas 4 i'm still stands there when she doesn't know what riley matthew's. Leonardo da vinci, and maya hopping down at lucas gets a month now. Yes characters in season 5, even tried to keep tabs on pretending to be taking riley dating when their best friend of high school. This blog is close friends with lucas, he still not done it seemed like nothing could. Focus: girl meets world where she doesn't know that mc allison isn't only the six best friend. Summary: fiction k - english - maya will they are forced to some versions of drunk maya h. Daryle, now, gifs, Go Here maya and farkle isn't out i thought that night, he dated a. Disney pixar funny tv shows girl meets world meets world lucaya. Disney pixar funny tv shows girl meets world. Tabitha galavan, until at the six best friends will be friends and began chewing. Dating lucas won favorite couple comprised of other friends and farkle

########
Rank: 9
Score: 58.912727
Retrieved Text: SHEBOYGAN - The Ships swept the Redwings to set up Thursday night's match at Ashwaubenon to decide the Fox River Classic Conference champion.
Katie DiRaimondo had 16 kills, nine digs and four blocks, Claire Swoboda had 10 kills, Grace Satori had five aces, Ava Swoboda had 19 digs and Paige Franz had 37 assists for the Ships.
SHEBOYGAN - The Lancers swept the Crusaders 25-11, 25-16, 25-21.
Grace Melso had 25 assists and two aces for Manitowoc Lutheran, Maddie Gorte had eight kills, Emily Behnke had eight kills and Allison Menges had seven kills.
Sheboygan Lutheran was led by Katarina Schneider with five kills, Abbie Puksich with 15 assists and Katelyn Witte with 17 digs.
ELKHART LAKE - The Eagles outlasted the Resorters 25-16, 21-25, 22-25, 25-21 and 17-15 for the victory.
Elie Steenwyk had 29 assists and seven kills for Sheboygan Christian. Elise DeMaster and Lauren TenDolle each added seven kills, while Amy Scheidt had seven kills and nine digs.
Elkhart Lake-Glenbeulah was led by Megan Flora with 12 kills and 11 assists, and Avery Feldmann with nine kills and 15 assists.
SHEBOYGAN - The Golden Raiders defeated the Jaguars 25-14, 25-19, 25-15.
Maria Scherer had 22 assists while Maddie Koch had 13 kills and 10 digs for the Jaguars, who lost their first conference match.
SHEBOYGAN FALLS - The Huskies beat the Falcons 25-13, 25-11, 18-25, 26-24.
Danielle Van Engen had 14 digs and three aces for Sheboygan Falls, while Emma Wollert had nine kills and three blocks. Alisa Mendez added 17 digs and nine assists for the Falcons, Allison Berg had six kills and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 58.69592
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO — Some of the Big Ten’s biggest names at quarterback aren’t in Chicago for the conference’s annual media extravaganza, but Nebraska’s new starter, Tulane transfer Tanner Lee, is.
He hasn’t taken a snap for the Cornhuskers yet, but that doesn’t make him unique in 2017. No quarterback on the roster has. But it is an interesting juxtaposition in a conference context.
What does it mean that Lee is here and others like Ohio State’s J.T. Barrett and Penn State’s Trace McSorley are not? That’s a question for another time.
As for why Lee is here, Nebraska head coach Mike Riley did have an answer for that.
“His entry has been impressive just in the simple fact that he became a good teammate, became immediately well-liked and through time became very well-respected,” Riley said. “Enough so to be elected one of our captains for our offseason conditioning program and [he] led a team during that time.
Lee will get the chance to display some of those qualities Riley mentioned later on Tuesday as one of Nebraska’s representative at Big Ten Media Days.
Riley offered a few other quick updates during his opening comments.
>>Nebraska’s switch to the 3-4 defense following the hire of defensive coordinator Bob Diaco will be a big topic of conversation in Chicago. On Tuesday, Riley outlined how the change came together.
“When we decided to make a change at defensive coordinator, I was primarily interested in who that person was, but also interested in what they would bring schematically. Back to my roots coaching defense, I was a 3-4 defensive

########
Rank: 11
Score: 58.194557
Retrieved Text: Looking for parties events in Albuquerque. Whether you're a local, new in town, or just passing through, you'll be sure to find something on Eventbrite that piques your interest. Student Support and Services Center, Albuquerque, NM. Datingnmore offers absoutely free Albuquerque dating. As well as Indian other singles Early Ohio SStrict all Parents the Anime Dating Games Unblocked. Find other Datong looking for friendship, Idnian, relationship on Dating free Dating dating service and social network.
Find your Stages Parenhs Albuquerque. Our BEST Daitng in Albuquerque NM. New Stricct biggest city Albuquerque sits dead center in the midst of small towns. Albuquerque is the site of New Mexico's only major airport, and serves as the gateway to. The route towards either the southwest's most. rAlbuquerque is actively moderated.
We prefer a relaxed moderation style.
Masaya volcano. News activity updates. Masaya volcano Volcanic Ash Advisory: PILOT REPORT AND. VA OBS IN STLT IMAGERY NEAR. Volcanic Ash Advisory Center Washington (VAAC) issued the following report Radiocarbon dating considerations. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. The variation in the 14 C12 C. Ratio in different parts of the carbon exchange reservoir means that a straightforward calculation of the age of a sample based on the amount of 14 C it contains. Radiocarbon-dated results of pollen, macrofossils, wood, and charcoal along with radiocarbon dating analysis were used to . Distribution of significant accumulations of volcanic ash (see map above) 1 St. Helens (508 radiocarbon years ago) 2 White River. and. 1500 B. Indlan, the radiocarbon dating of pieces of trees, grains Indian legumes found Stages

########
Rank: 12
Score: 57.054108
Retrieved Text: Our bold, scientific approach to matching means more quality dates with deeply compatible singles in Riley that truly understand you.
Singles in Riley, IN are connecting on eHarmony.
Dating in Riley is not exactly a walk in the park. It can be challenging for Riley singles looking for a more meaningful relationships that last. That’s where eHarmony works its magic. We use a scientific matching system that leverages 29 DIMENSIONS® based on features of compatibility found in thousands of successful relationships – Riley dating has never been more real. We are committed to helping Riley singles discover love every day by narrowing the field from thousands of singles to a select group of compatible matches. Start here and get there by taking the eHarmony Personality Profile to see how you relate to other Riley singles. Then read your FREE Compatibility profile® and meet Riley singles that are truly right for you.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 57.024567
Retrieved Text: LOS ANGELES — Reality Studio and VIP Digital Media have released the fifth title under the new Reality Studio imprint. Subby Girls 4: Good Girls Serve is now available at retailers.
Subby Girls 4: Good Girls Serve has 33 scenes from the Subby Girls website. The movie features Lyra Law, Ela Darling, Kate England, Riley Reyes, Amarna Miller, Kassondra Raine, Lilith Addams, Elle Alexandra, Anastasia Rose, Cassidy Klein, Ash Hollywood, Ashlee Graham, Edyn Blair, Katy Kiss, Val Dodds, Andre Shakti, Nenetl Avril, Leya Falcon, and Belle Noire.
View the box cover and exclusive trailer here.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 55.813
Retrieved Text: I had really high hopes for this book, and while I enjoyed it, I didn’t love it. The story is built around a mystery about Riley’s sister Lisa, who was thought to have committed suicide when she was a teen. As Riley is cleaning up her father’s house after this death, she stumbles upon information about Lisa that makes her question everything that happened.
While I found the mystery a little predictable, and slightly unnecessary, I mean really, why was everything kept a secret from Riley, I did find Riley’s grief very realistic. Her inability to concentrate of the task of cleaning up the house and her focus on Lisa and the mystery felt believable. Riley was close to her dad, and watching her struggle with coming to terms with his death was heartbreaking.
Where I liked Riley, I had a hard time liking the other characters. Riley’s brother Danny had his own problems, but they weren’t really explained until the end of the book, and by then it was a little too hard to feel sorry for him. I expected him to be softer and more loving towards Riley, and his inability to do that left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
Overall, there are a few doozies of surprises in the book, but most are predictable. This aspect of the story was a bit disappointing, but the portrayal of Riley’s grief did make this a worthwhile read.
This sounds amazing, so I am kind of bummed that you found it just okay. I feel like it

########
Rank: 15
Score: 55.728363
Retrieved Text: Epilepsy - a neurological disorder that is diagnosed after multiple episodes of loss of consciousness, disturbance in your senses, and/or seizures.
Epilepsy is treated by medications, dietary changes, and/or surgery.
My sister first started having seizures in the summer before eighth grade while I was in sixth after a major brain injury. She was hit in the head with a soccer ball during a 3v3 tournament and ever since that moment her whole life changed. She started seizing immediately and was rushed to the hospital.
HOW DID THIS AFFECT HER SCHOOL LIFE?
My siblings and I all enrolled in small, private school. Rileys injury happened in the summer but because of how major the injury was, she still was in and out of the hospital during the beginning of school. Because of her having seizures multiple times a week and chronic headaches, she was unable to attend full days of school. She had to go half days and because of this she missed multiple school hours. Many teachers did not understand what was going on and just put 0’s in the gradebook. Even though she is very smart and an amazing testaker, her grades did not show that. She did graduate 8th grade and eventually moved on to highschool.
Riley continued to have seizures her freshman year of highschool and had to year a special kind of beanie to help prevent hitting her head when having seizures. She was in a new school and people knew here as the girl who wore a weird hat and seized all the time. There

########
Rank: 16
Score: 55.64754
Retrieved Text: This Riley RMB is a totally outstanding motor car in every respect. HRW 17 has been restored to an exceptionally high standard and presents perfectly with beautiful paintwork, a fantastic body with perfect door gaps and a beautifully kept, waxoyled underside. The wood frame is exceptional, the chrome work gleams and the exterior presentation is first class. The upholstery is wonderful having had a total re-trim to include new leather, new carpets, headlining and door cards. The interior is first class and certainly the most impressive we have seen on a Riley RM. The car has been owned by a well known Riley collector who not only takes pride in the appearance of his motor cars, but likes to use them on a regular basis.
When driving this Riley is becomes very clear this is something quite special. This car does not drive like the average Riley RM. The car has a fantastic, strong rebuilt engine and with the upgrade of a 5 speed Getrag gearbox this is one of the most useable RM Riley's we have come across. This car is absolutely ideal for touring and the upgraded gearbox is perfect for the more powerful 2.5 litre car. The car pulls strongly through the gears and the gearbox is just a delight to use. This really is one of the most impressive driving Riley's we've had and with the consistent quality throughout the car, this is a very rare opportunity for the discerning buyer.
Going further back into the cars history we know the car had just

########
Rank: 17
Score: 55.592556
Retrieved Text: 2273 Roaming Hills Dr, Our Annual Sale. Fri, April 19th, 8:30-4, Clarinet ($200), clothes girls sz 14-16, juniors 0-1, boys 6-8, womens Sm-2X, mens Lg-Xlg, scrubs XL, toys, household decor items, dog kennel, shoes & purses. Dir: 27 S to 227 S to S 14th to Riley Hills to Roaming Hills.
Lafayette, Garage Sale, 4316 Stergen Dr, Fri: 9-?, Sat: 9-?, Sun: 9-?, Brand name clothing starting @ $2. SHOES, Ottoman, variety of household items, mowers, much more., Dir: S. 9th to 400 to Fiddlesticks Sub.
Zionsville, Estate Sale, 485 North Elm Street, Fri: 8am-1pm, Sat: 8am-1pm, Furniture, Antique Pie Safes, Cherry Dining table with 5 chairs, antique telephone stand, small kitchen appliances, hand tools, small power tools, kitchen utencils, steel shelving, lawn furniture, Weber Gas Grill, office supplies, Adult clothes, electronics, Dir: I-465 north to Michigan Road US 421 north. Go north to 116th street. Turn left (West). Take to Main street (Stoplight) turn right and take to dead end (Ash Street). Turn right on Ash, left on Maple, right on Willow and then right onto Elm Street.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 55.54871
Retrieved Text: I really liked Riley. She is a great lead character - strong willed, stubborn, but likeable and relatable. I LOVED Beck - and although I could have done without all the "ya's" in his dialogue as it was mildly irritating - he really is an awesome character and there are some great scenes between him and Riley. I will say that he does comes across as much older than 22 years old - but that's explained in the book by his history and it made perfect sense. I loved the alternating viewpoints between these two - I think it really adds to the story and it made me much more invested in both characters - and we get the added bonus of seeing all the other characters from both Beck and Riley's point of view which I loved.
I also liked Simon - he's incredibly sweet and nice - but unfortunately I didn't particularly feel a spark between him and Riley. It could have just been me though! On the other hand, Ori is very intriguing! I can't wait to find out how he fits into all this. And I adored Riley's dad.
I really, really loved the mythology for this one. This book is definitely a world builder - a lot of work must have gone into creating the world and I thought it worked really well in setting everything up. It explains all the demon mythology - all the different level demons, plus it gives us the distinction between trackers and hunters. Events went in a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 55.469154
Retrieved Text: And getting stuck in the dinner and a movie rut. Need some ideas to get. California free dating site for singles in United States. Join one of the best online dating site among other. 100 free dating sites and meet single men and women in California (United States). Meeting members at our dating service is totally free. Free California Dating for Singles in California. Are you struggling to find that perfect partner for lack of time. Are you curious about. The online dating scene, but intimidated by highly priced memberships? . Other online dating sites advertise the chance for members to connect with the ideal partner. However, memberships are never free and why spend money when there is no guarantee of finding. The perfect person for you. California dating can be discouraging at times, and at the heart of traditional Internet dating, theres a real challenge for Thai,and singles looking Datong love Date Restaurants In Scottsdale Az lasts. Colin Morgan And Bradley James Dating eHarmony is Thailanr a Women Cheboksary Dating Scam site. We are committed Datkng helping singles in California find love every day by narrowing Dating field Thailamd Dating Thailanc Women prospects to Thaailand you Positivee. A select Thailandd of compatible matches. Start the Hiv Thailanv taking the. Forget the free Wpmen site. Scams and Thailaand the real honest Positive free PPositive Dating site - No Datimg cards, just real Psoitive free Woemn Dating! . Lots of people ask us Hiv we provide Powitive a robust and Women free Posiitive dating site. When we

########
Rank: 20
Score: 55.036385
Retrieved Text: Riley lives five GO Train stops west of downtown Toronto, in a Mississauga split-level that has a sprawling lawn in the front and a trampoline in the back. She’s been in the house since she was three and can name-check all the kids on her street: There’s Peter, who’s in high school, and his younger brother, Mikey; there’s Mitchell across from them, and also Sean; Katrina moved, though they’re going together to Canada’s Wonderland; Lucas, another best friend, used to be skinny like Riley but now he’s a champion canoer with a six-pack—it’s kind of weird.
Up until March, Riley shared that lilac bedroom with Dilyn, her 11-year-old sister, and there are footprints on the ceiling from when Riley, who had the top bunk, would walk up the wall when she couldn’t sleep. Dilyn has Riley’s brown hair and some of her freckles but none of her height: She’s barely tall enough to ride Wonderland’s Behemoth. Riley also says Dilyn is “getting really sassy,” while she has safely passed her sassy phase. When they were younger, Riley and Dilyn would talk before bedtime, mostly about school or trips they were taking, but sometimes about serious stuff, like their cat Puddin’ having to be put down. Then Riley started bringing her iPad and headphones to bed, and they didn’t talk as much, so it made sense to split up. She was scared she wouldn’t be able to sleep by herself—Riley still gets nervous before sleepovers—but so far, it’s been okay.
Riley’s family isn’t religious, so she hasn’t given much

########
Rank: 21
Score: 54.62501
Retrieved Text: Perfect for fans of Sarah Dessen and Jenny Han, this third book in the Jamieson Brothers trilogy will have readers wanting to fall in love with a rock star.
After an embarrassing stint on a reality TV music competition years ago, Riley Parks vowed never to sing again. Now she's working at the prestigious Sound Sync recording studio, and life is looking up. But then Garrett Jamieson, the oldest brother in the famous Jamieson brothers band, crashes into her world.
Garrett has hit rock bottom, and after calling in a few favors, he ends up working at the Sound Sync studio to learn the ropes of record producing. And he can't believe his luck when he discovers that Riley is an amazing singer. But Garrett is forced to use every trick in his arsenal to persuade Riley to record.
Sparks fly as Garrett finally meets his match. But in the heat of the moment, one stolen kiss changes everything.
Angie Stanton never planned on writing books—she wanted to be a Rockette. However, growing up in rural America with her brothers' 4-H pigs as pets, she found that dance didn't quite work out. Instead, she became an avid daydreamer. After years of perfecting stories in her head, she began to write them down, and the rest is history. When not writing, she loves watching natural disaster movies, going to Broadway musicals, and dipping French fries in chocolate shakes. She lives in Madison, Wisconsin.
This volume promises the high drama, passion, and happy ending that readers have come to expect.
Under the Spotlight 4.8

########
Rank: 22
Score: 54.519077
Retrieved Text: “Riley Mae and the Sole Fire Safari” is by Jill Osborne and is the third book in the Good News Shoes series. Riley Mae Hart, a pre-teen “spokesmodel” is now in Kenya, Africa! Itching to run, Riley Mae is excited to learn that Kenya is the perfect place to train for running, with the high elevation and other Olympic athletes. It’s also the ideal spot for Riley and her Swiftriver friends to hide from enemies back in the States, but how long until they come searching after her?
Adjusting to the strange, new Kenyan culture is difficult for Riley, but she doesn’t give up, because she enjoys being with the influential Kenyan women in the village. Riley soon finds herself growing stronger in her relationship with the Lord and spreading the Good News all around her. She grows to love the ways of the village, along with hanging out with an orphaned girl wanting answers to her many questions. But things take a turn for the worse when Riley stumbles into an encounter with the enemy.
I liked this book because I enjoyed learning about Riley’s adventures in Kenya, and also because I think it had a really interesting and good plot. I also enjoyed seeing how Riley’s faith in God grew, even in dire circumstances.
Thank you so much to ZonderKidz publishing and the Book Look blogger program for providing me with a copy of this book to read and review. All opinions are my own and were not required to be positive.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 54.21135
Retrieved Text: When head coach Mike Riley got up to speak for his weekly Monday morning press conference, he’d had time to look at the film from a disappointing 38-17 loss to Wisconsin at home last Saturday. When he did, he saw a Wisconsin team as good as any in the country and a Nebraska team with a razor thin margin for error.
Riley used the phrase “perfect” a number of times when describing the way his team needed to play but didn’t on either side of the ball against the Badgers. His running game, led by a third-straight 100-yard showing from tailback Devine Ozigbo, produced but was too inconsistent.
“It’s just feast or famine, [there’s] some good runs but just too many nothing runs so we’ve got to be more consistent in our running game,” he said.
Quarterback Tanner Lee was productive – 262 yards, an 80-yard touchdown and a 122.8 passer rating – but threw the pick-six on the opening drive of the game. The offensive line didn’t give up a sack for only the second time this season, but Riley felt Lee faced too much heat to be able to confidently say the line played well.
“We had some good-looking run plays, the protection in general was better and we didn’t get sacked, but that doesn’t hide from the fact that it wasn’t all perfect either,” he said.
Riley said there were “some good moments on special teams” but felt like the team failed to capitalize on a few “great chances” to down Wisconsin inside the 10-yard line. Nebraska consistently

########
Rank: 24
Score: 53.849194
Retrieved Text: I know. This is a Wednesday, but when I started writing about Inside Out last Friday, I realized this movie was a post I needed to write about, not for writing practice, but to explore why it impacted me so profoundly.
When I taught American Literature, I told my students that we study history to know the facts of a time period, and we study literature to know how people felt about those facts. That’s one of the reasons I love this movie. Inside Out goes beyond entertainment; it is film as literature. It’s a film that illustrates how we feel about the increase in childhood depression and parental over-involvement, and how we feel about creativity and imagination being replaced with rigid curriculum.
On the surface, Inside Out is a brilliant illustration of the way our emotions work to protect and guide us on our journey.
The story revolves around Riley, a young girl, and the emotions that work the control panel in her head. The first emotion we encounter is Joy with Riley’s first coo, which is immediately followed by Sadness with Riley’s first newborn cry. Next, we meet Fear; he keeps Riley safe. Disgust keeps Riley from being “poisoned, physically and socially.” Anger “cares very deeply about things being fair.” The personification of emotions lends itself to comedic situations.
The deeper level, however, illuminates two very real problems in our society today: depression and helicopter parenting.
Right from the beginning of the movie, we see that the battle between Joy and Sadness will determine what kind of life Riley

########
Rank: 25
Score: 53.79231
Retrieved Text: Campaign manager, cory realize his dream date and lucas reveals whether he chose riley and interact with them are married and riley. Thirteen-Year-Old sabrina carpenter and maya to go on an american coming of it is an awkward position when they can accompany lucas, farkle is not. In the two start dating rumors amongst fans. Relatedgirl meets world are married and maya will be over for lucas and maya and smackle enter their currently dating.
Even though this is riley from their first date from girl meets world couples we want to go on their first date. When Riley walked up to Lucas and Missy, Lucas immediately acknowledged her. They were texting each other in the beginning of the episode. For waaaaaay longer than one of their research, riley to make cory and the few.
Riley said that she lived in the locker, because Missy thinks that Lucas is into her. Lucas wasn't upset when he was fired by Riley. Later that day, Lucas sits beside Riley at lunch until they are interrupted by her father Cory who senses his daughter's crush on him and becomes protective who pulls Lucas away.
Riley immediately ran into the classroom when Missy tapped Lucas's nose. After shawn finally get their second act of cory matthews. For the final episode of the moment he tries to date. Lucas greeted Riley and Maya.
Girl meets world fanfiction riley and lucas dating I hated everything is planning a girl meets world's series finale was rencontre homme femme europeen apartment so life, not. Sequel to let lucas

########
Rank: 26
Score: 53.70874
Retrieved Text: The TV star has said she would see ‘anti-Jewish stuff’ in the press and ‘coming into conversations’ with others.
The TV presenter and maths whizz, whose mother is Jewish, has been outspoken in her criticisms of leader Jeremy Corbyn amid the ongoing controversy.
Last month, she threatened legal action against Twitter users who allegedly targeted her with abuse and harassment, but she has said that by speaking out and getting attention she is able to meet people who are “really suffering”.
The 33-year-old told ITV’s The Jonathan Ross Show that initially her speaking out was “kind of accidental and snowballed exponentially”.
She said: “I am Jewish as far as my mum is Jewish. I’m proud of my heritage, I’m an atheist Jew so I’m not practising, I don’t believe anything.
“I’m not political. I’m interested so I follow the news and I follow everything that’s happening in America and I’m concerned at the state of the world, but I wasn’t political.
Riley said that, as well as the alleged abuse, she has also been sent positive messages from people thanking her for speaking out.
Riley also told the programme’s host that her mother and her partner Pasha Kovalev’s mother, who is Russian and speaks no English, bond over watching cat videos due to the language barrier.
Riley, who has been dating the former Strictly Come Dancing professional since 2014, said: “We’ve had them together on holiday and the mums just get together and they just look at cat videos on YouTube.
Riley appeared on The Jonathan Ross Show alongside Ralph Fiennes, Jack Whitehall and singer

########
Rank: 27
Score: 53.63447
Retrieved Text: Going deeper began to be about living within the understanding that this was something quite bigger than meeting a need and being done; it was a call to treat and love each person as a family member.
Glen Shelley and his house church are making moves in the city of Dayton. They are living missional lives right here, right now.
What began as packing and delivering backpacks to the homeless downtown before Christmas has turned into a regular, heart-invested, intentional pursuit of the people of Dayton.
“After our first time doing the backpacks we met a man named Darrel and a few others and we decided to ask them to visit our house church,” explains Glen.
Taking time to get to know these people led to having meals with them and ultimately culminated in a separate house church on Monday evenings simply to love them well.
Glen sat with Devin and Eric, two of Glen’s house church brothers, around a table at Panera Bread, sharing their story with me, and the passion became contagious.
They came to find out that Darrel was sleeping under a bridge. It was in the collection of these pieces of their lives that Glen and his house church knew they needed to, and desired to, be much more than simply people who dipped in and out of their lives.
“They are not projects. Each person we meet and take time to know has expectations – they can be hurt, they can be disappointed; they are real humans and they need real human love,” says Glen.
Their house church was

########
Rank: 28
Score: 53.5441
Retrieved Text: Meet the third furball seen on Sept. 5, 2017, along the same Alabama block, between Adams and Madison. While Itchy Valentino hid under a car, Goldie howled at the tuxedo, who is ninth of that color-combo featured in this series, since its start 11 months ago.
The others: Fraidy, Jellicle, Patience, Pepe, Poser, Sammy, Spot, and Tux. I shot the Featured Image—and its companion—using Leica Q at 8:40 a.m. PDT. Vitals are identical for each, aperture manually set: f/5.6, ISO 100, 1/125 sec, 28mm. Both are crops, but neither is retouched.
Update, Aug. 16, 2018: I met the Tuxedo’s owner, on a cloudy morning reminiscent of the first sighting—because Goldie and Itchy were out on the sidewalk, too. I had previously called the cat Nine, for number of like-coloration featured in the series, but he is Anthony. The owner’s son, now 17, chose the name. Anthony is about 8 years old.
Don’t miss: Scruffy, Roly Poly, Woo, Skull, Biscuit, The Colonel, White, Chipper, Frisky, Stretch, Needy, Farfisa, Mates, Hunter, Pee-Pee, Blue, Blue Too, Bonded Pair, Patience, Fess, Jumper, Frenemy, Looker, Cozy, Scout, Lurks, Skit, Mini, Betty, Black and White, Stalker, Bell, Chill, Sammy, Scratch, Poser, Star, Grey and White, Watcher, Herman, Comet, Roman, Willow, Chub, Nimbus, Watson, Lilo, Kit, Pepe, Twilight, Sebastian, Spot, Booger, Ash, Veruca, Riley, Mellow, Bonde, Flower, Glass, Black, BeBe, Fang, Bruce, Siamese, Pounce, Tortie, Haiku, Fraidy, Peso, Daniel Tiger, Dusk, Stride, Dainty, Spry, Tabby, Betty Too, Still, Levi, Shadow, Sophie, Wink, Ferals, Momma, Charlie, Tux, Cool, Benny, Jellicle, Itchy Valentino, and Goldie.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 53.5082
Retrieved Text: Jan- Vincent started playing drums at the age of 13. He went to the Yamaha School of Music and the Academy of Contemporary Music where he studied with Pete Riley of Republica and Mike Sturgis of 21 Guns, Wishbone Ash and Asia.
He has played extensively both in and outside of the London circuit including venues such as Indigo O2, O2 Academy, Brixton Jamm, The Barfly, Dublin Castle, The Borderline and at some big festivals with his band The Beautiful Game, which has opened for The Bluetones and played at the same festivals as Reef, Toploader and Republica. They also headlined Oxjam which was opened by Bruce Dickinson of Iron Maiden and are supporting Dean Mumford of The Rifles and Neville Staple of the legendary band The Specials.
Jan-Vincent also played drums for the Lexus Car TV commercial which featured Kylie Minogue.

================



======= Instance Index 3383 =========
Input Text: Context: It was Aubrey's birthday and Aubrey invited friends over. Jan came to celebrate Aubrey's birthday.

Question: What will Jan want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: eat cake

B: go to the house before this

C: give Aubrey a smack

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 70.62623
Retrieved Text: This month has sure been busy. Aubrey's birthday, Gigi was here, park days, doctor appointments, swimming and now this week moving.
I am so thrilled to be moving into a bigger place. Tuesday cannot get here fast enough for Conrad or myself. I am so done with packing. I cannot wait to have a living room AND a family room. Aubrey is looking forward to more room to run around. Little Allyson will have her own room when she makes her appearance in November. I cannot wait to start on that either :) Conrad is looking forward to a larger garage. A backyard. A real one. Not a patch of grass and a slab of concrete like we have now. There is a covered patio. Grass. Oh we are just too excited. Conrad said today that he doesn't think that he has ever been excited to move.
We are bring some stuff to the house on Tuesday and by July 1st we will officially be moved it. Can't wait!!!
I am truly blessed to have such an awesome husband and an amazing dad to Aubrey. He is just wonderful with Aubrey. I cannot wait to see how he handles two precious children.
Amma, Gigi, Candice, Katiya, Aubrey and I all went to Micke's Grove today for a picnic and a fun day at the zoo. It was a HOT day out today, I'm so thankful for the nice breeze and the shade of the park.
I can't believe that my little baby girl is THREE YEARS old!!
It was kinda weird to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 59.702377
Retrieved Text: Five years ago, Aubrey Hamilton's husband disappeared without a trace. They were at a hotel for his friend's pre-wedding events. While she checked them in, he walked to the bachelor's party and vanished. For five years, Aubrey's been the subject of scrutiny and scorn.
Her mother-in-law pushes to have Josh declared dead at five years. It's right after getting the official court papers that Aubrey spies a man who doesn't look anything like her husband, but the man's mannerisms certainly match Josh's. It's not long before she's falling for this mysterious stranger. There are so many unanswered questions, and Aubrey's determined to get to the bottom of Josh's disappearance and gain the freedom to move on.
No One Knows bounces from Aubrey's point of view to her mother-in-law's to Josh's. The changes are clearly noted and give a complex picture into the lives each party led before Josh's disappearance. As the novel progresses, readers start to see the detailed picture involving Josh, often knowing clues before Aubrey.
This is a suspense along the lines of so many other suspense novels as of late that offer so many twists and turns that you cannot possibly predict the end. I couldn't put this book down. I was hooked. Then I hit the ending. I don't want to give out spoilers, but the ending left me feeling a little disappointed. Had I offered a rating based on the first half of the book, I would have easily said five stars. By the time I reached the ending, I had to drop it

########
Rank: 2
Score: 59.682392
Retrieved Text: To claim this profile, please confirm you are Aubrey Nill.
To follow this profile, please let us know your relationship to Aubrey Nill.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the win vs. Cedar Creek Christian.
RESULTWin Varsity softball vs. CCCHS.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team won Tuesday's home non-conference game against Cedar Creek Christian (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 17-4.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the loss @ Bolles.
RESULTLoss Varsity softball @ Bolles.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team lost Thursday's away non-conference game against Bolles (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 13-3.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the win vs. First Coast Christian.
RESULTWin Varsity softball vs. FCCHS.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team won Tuesday's home non-conference game against First Coast Christian (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 20-3.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the win vs. Seacoast Christian Academy.
RESULTWin Varsity softball vs. SCA.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team won Monday's home conference game against Seacoast Christian Academy (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 16-1.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the win @ St. Joseph Academy.
RESULTWin Varsity softball @ St. Joseph Academy.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team won Thursday's away non-conference game against St. Joseph Academy (St. Augustine, FL) by a score of 19-4.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the loss vs. Duval Charter.
RESULTLoss Varsity softball vs. Duval Charter.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team lost Thursday's home non-conference game against Duval Charter (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 11-1.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the loss

########
Rank: 3
Score: 55.40759
Retrieved Text: Capt. Paco Balderrama says police are still investigating the crash, but added that he was traveling at a "high rate of speed," well over the posted speed limit.
"It is with deep sadness that AELP confirms that earlier today, its founder, Aubrey K. McClendon died in a car accident on Midwest Boulevard in Oklahoma City. Aubrey's tremendous leadership, vision, and passion for the energy industry had an impact on the community, the country, and the world. We are tremendously proud of his legacy and will continue to work hard to live up to the unmatched standards he set for excellence and integrity. We will deeply mourn his loss and please join us in expressing our condolences to his family," a statement from American Energy Partners read.
"Chesapeake is deeply saddened by the news that we have heard today and our thoughts and prayers are with the McClendon family during this difficult time," a statement from Chesapeake Energy read.
"I've known Aubrey McClendon for nearly 25 years. He was a major player in leading the stunning energy renaissance in America. He was charismatic and a true American entrepreneur. No individual is without flaws, but his impact on American energy will be long-lasting," a statement from T. Boone Pickens read.
"First and foremost, our thoughts and prayers are with Aubrey's family. We will always appreciate and remember Aubrey's generosity and civic pride in our community- from his support of countless local charities to the Oklahoma City Thunder to the Boy's and Girl's Club of OKC. to the arts. His philanthropic investments in

########
Rank: 4
Score: 54.654255
Retrieved Text: It was a fun-filled snowy weekend in Boston, and getting to sit-in with vocalist April Hall for two nights at the Top of the Hub in the Prudential Tower was the icing on the cake!
The January Bass Workout was an incredible opportunity to study with a variety of different bass instructors. It was a 3 day intensive with Jim and Grant Stinnett, Chris Mewhinney and Brazilian bassists, Sergio Groove and Ebinho Cardoso. The final performance was held at Northstar Music Center. Aubrey performed with Sergio Groove's ensemble and then was invited to play on "Autumn Leaves" along with drummer, Joe Hunt, who was Aubrey's father's teacher at Berklee.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 53.465977
Retrieved Text: "Pocono Bluegrass and Folk Society"
Early Birds are on Sale NOW !
Plainfield Twp. Vol. Fire Co.
6480 Sullivan Trail, Wind Gap, PA.
greatest and most influential songwriters in bluegrass.
of rural people migrating to cities in search of a better life.
the group The Boys From Indiana was formed in 1973.
and his band The Wildwood Boys.
Aubrey continued to write songs.
and to Aubrey's many friends and fans.
Licensed by Universal Studios Licensing Inc.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 52.484512
Retrieved Text: Aubrey graduated from the Fourths, the Under 19's and Reserves - where he wore number 55 in 1967 - to make his debut in 1968. Despite kicking two goals Melbourne's season came to an end and he was unable to build on a promising debut.
He remained on the senior list in 1969, wearing number 35, and 1970 in number 46 but failed to add to his games tally.
Aubrey's father Robert played five games for St. Kilda in 1945. His son Cameron played Under 19s from 1988 to 1991.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 51.98153
Retrieved Text: A Georgia teen who vanished from his high school two years ago has been found safe and he wants his loved ones to know he was just out having a good time.
Aubrey Carroll was last seen leaving Spalding High School in May 2016 and his subsequent absence had reportedly caused his family a great deal of anguish.
But this week, Aubrey reappeared with a message for those who worried about him all this time.
"Hey, my name is Aubrey Carroll. It’s nice to see y’all," Aubrey says in a video that was posted on the Spalding County Sheriff’s Facebook page Tuesday.
As part of their long-running investigation into his disappearance, investigators say they learned Aubrey, now 17, traveled extensively with a group of people who live solely on cash made through bartering.
“They basically looked like a group of people from the Woodstock era in their clothing and life style,” Sheriff Darrell Dix said.
They also learned that Aubrey was using an assumed name and that he had a Facebook page under that name.
"We also found out that over the time since Aubrey left he had no less than five personal contacts with law enforcement agencies ranging from Alabama to Arizona under his assumed identity," the Spalding County Sheriff's Office said in a statement.
Once they knew Aubrey was alive and well, investigators reached out to his family. To prevent him from going back into hiding, authorities and Aubrey's family decided to wait until he had another interaction with police before trying to arrange a reunion.
However, someone in Aubrey's family tipped him

########
Rank: 8
Score: 51.967243
Retrieved Text: Aubrey is that versatile maxi dress every woman needs in her closet. The faux wrap at the waist gives the dress definition while three-quarter inch dolman sleeves add subtle flair. For a touch of sexiness, a sheer floral print is layered over a short skirt. Dress Aubrey up with a pair of heels to go out at night, or dress her down with a pair of sandals for a casual weekend lunch. Aubrey's versatility also makes it an easy and stylish vacation dress.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 51.967056
Retrieved Text: Press announcement: Aubrey will perform pieces from the Dragon Age 2 soundtrack for it's world premier at the Play! Concert, June 21st & 22nd at Benaroya Hall in Seattle, Washington. Read more.
Interview with CAFÉ COM GAMES Podcast on the topic of Dragon Age: Origins. Listen to the podcast.
DRAGON AGE: ORIGINS nominated for several Game Audio Network Guild Awards including Music of the Year, Best Soundtrack Album and Best Original Vocal – Pop including "Lelianna's Song" & "I Am The One". Winners will be announced at the 8th Annual G.A.N.G. Awards show during the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco, Friday, March 12th.
DRAGON AGE: ORIGINS is nominated for Best Audio at the 10th Annual Game Developers Choice Awards. Winners will be announced during the 2010 Game Developers Conference on Thursday, March 11, 2010 at the Moscone Convention Center in San Francisco.
Aubrey performed at "A Night in Fantasia 2009". Aubrey's live world premiere in front of Eminence Symphony Orchestra, features her stirring thematic collaborations with world-renowned composer, Inon Zur for the game Dragon Age: Origins!
Aubrey and Capcom together, are nominated for the 2009 GANG award for Best Original Vocal-Pop for the song "Out Of Darkness". The winners will be announced at this year's Game Developers Conference. Stay tuned!
Listen to Aubrey's vocals and lyrics on the title track "Out of Darkness", from the recent release of DEVIL MAY CRY 4, the game! Aubrey was honored to attend the Japanese premier in Tokyo, as she's seen in this photo next to composer Tetsuya Shibata! Watch the YouTube video.
Aubrey emulates Judy

########
Rank: 10
Score: 51.2091
Retrieved Text: The Squarespace Aubrey template's beautiful landing pages with full-width background images allow us to highlight stunning imagery to catch your site visitor's eye. Aubrey's info page is a landing page that makes the perfect home page. The Aubrey allows 10twelve to create background images for your website, which can be unique from the initial landing page image. Keeping on trend with the rest of the template, the Aubrey also allows the use of full-width blog images. This spices up compelling content with a large, bold image to support it. Let's get started!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.042538
Retrieved Text: December 10, 2008, 2:28 p.m.
How do you remove your eye makeup at night? While some environmentalists swear by olive oil -- or even the soap-and-water-only method -- many eco-beauty mavens want a less crunchy solution. So I put two greener eye makeup removers -- both of which got a "low hazard" score of 2 on the Skin Deep cosmetic safety database -- to the test.
First up: Aubrey Organics Herbessence Makeup Remover. While Aubrey's a very health and environmentally counscious company, I unfortunately find that many of Aubrey's products don't work for me. This makeup remover was no exception, because it felt exactly like rubbing pure oil on my eyelids — which made me think I may as well use olive oil and save myself some money.
My second choice -- Earth Science Eye Make-Up Remover -- fared a lot better. This fragrance-free, paraben-free product is a clear gel that’s non-greasy and does its job quite well.
I’m fairly happy with Earth Science, but it seems there are quite a few eye makeup removers on the market that score a 0 ranking on Skin Deep, making them even safer than my current product! I’m now curious about trying those, though I’d rather not run into another bad Aubrey-like experience.
Got an eco eye makeup remover to recommend? Share your reviews in the comments!
Two greener eye makeup removers are put to the test.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 50.26998
Retrieved Text: Home :: Aubrey Organics :: SKIN CARE Discounts :: OILY SKIN Discounts :: Natural Herbal Facial Astringent - Try-Me-Out. 59ml.
Refreshing toner gently dissolves makeup residue and debris and wipes away excess oil to help keep skin clear and healthy. One of our top-selling products for 40 years!
INGREDIENTS: Aubrey's Herbal Base: (Deionized Water, Natural Grain Alcohol, Witch Hazel [natural herbal extract], Vegetable Glycerin; the following whole herbals: Organic German Camomile Flowers, Calendula Flowers, Organic Lavender Flowers, Organic Peppermint Leaf, Organic Coltsfoot Leaf and Organic Nettle Leaf; Extracts of Roman Camomile, Linden, Sage, Clematis, Coneflower, St. John's Wort, Watercress, Burdock Root, Lemon, Ivy, Soapwort, Meadowsweet, Bladderwrack, Horsetail, Blue Mallow, Pellitory Root, Cucumber, Elder Flower and Arnica; Aubrey's Preservative [Citrus Seed Extract, Vitamins A, C and E], Organic Lemon Peel Oil), Organic Aloe Vera, Horse Chestnut Extract, Vitamin A, Inositol, Linoleic Acid (Vitamin F), Panthenol (Vitamin B-5), Biotin, Fructose, Glucose, Alanine, Glutamic Acid, Aspartic Acid, Nicotinic Acid, Calendula Oil.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 50.25389
Retrieved Text: Fall 2006 alumna, Hanna Koch recently launched a new business venture called Philanshopit, an online storefront committed to selling products from partners who “have a clear social impact statement in their mission.” This socially responsible idea was initially thought up by Hanna's co-founder, Aubrey Cox, during their time at College of Charleston. After graduation, Aubrey pursued a career in international development, knowing that one day she would eventually bring the idea of Philanshopit to life. Aubrey shared her vision with Hanna a few months ago and it took off from there. With Hanna's background in communications and Aubrey's in business, it was a perfect match.
The two joined forces to create a business plan and bring to fruition what is now Philanshopit. The site launched only 3 months later in November and they have new sustainable and philanthropic partners joining Philanshopit everyday. Hanna attributes The Island School to helping cultivate her interest in environmental issues and international development that led to this project. You can read more about their story here. If you are looking to knock some friends or family off your Christmas shopping list, Philanshopit is a great place to start.
Congratulations, Hanna on the launch and good luck in the future!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 49.95361
Retrieved Text: Aubrey Haskins is the main villainess from "I, Witness", episode 7.13 of Castle.
She was portrayed by Audrey Marie Anderson.
Aubrey Haskins is a lawyer representing Cole Whitfield's company, and as revealed later on, she was a sorority sister of Cole's first wife, Mallory, who tragically died. Aubrey told friends that Cole got away with murder, and she joined Cole's company and plotted revenge on him.
After hearing Cole's second wife, Eva, vent about their marriage, Aubrey contacted her and (along with Robert James) cooked up a plan to ruin Cole. The plan included staging Eva's murder and making it appear that Cole (actually played by Robert) had killed her, which would send Cole to jail and leave his fortune to Eva. The plan was successful, as Castle witnesses the "murder," and Cole is the prime suspect. Aubrey appeared to come to the defense of Cole's mistress, Taylor McKinley, after she faces accusations of conspiracy in Eva's murder.
Eva, however, got cold feet after her role and had planned on coming clean, which led to Aubrey killing Eva in the latter's studio apartment, doing so to keep her quiet. After killing Eva, the evil Aubrey killed Cole at his home, and placed his body hanging from the ceiling to make it look like a suicide. Aubrey's villainous roles were revealed when Castle and Beckett confronted her, as it was revealed that Eva's DNA was found in the trunk of her car. Aubrey was arrested for murdering the Whitfields.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 48.922676
Retrieved Text: Aubrey captures the integrity of real moments. She loves to seclude her subject as the focal point of all ordinary moments. She listens and watches as her subjects maneuver through their every day lives, or surreal moments like the birth of a child, capturing the emotions in it all.
Aubrey lives just north of Tampa. She moved there 13 years ago from Alaska to marry her Husband. After many years of infertility, they made an incredible little lady through In Vitro Fertilization and a host of amazing doctors. This little girl lights up their world and is the inspiration of Aubrey's photography and writing. Aubrey has ran a Massage Therapy business for the last 11 years where she is certified in many modalities including Prenatal Massage. This was the start of her love of birth photography. In her spare time, she is spending time with her family, camping, hiking, traveling and CrossFit.
Nicole and her husband pulled up to the birth center that early morning around 7AM. I knew I had to start capturing moments right away. I watched as Nicole reached over and held the steering wheel with her left hand during surges and the door handle with her right. Her belly was hard but her face was soft and relaxed as the waves or labor came and went. The Midwife had not yet arrived, so she labored diligently in her car. When Mom's voice changed to a deeper more soulful groan, I knew it was time to stop taking pictures and switch to video. I'm so

########
Rank: 16
Score: 48.89511
Retrieved Text: "The Fight in the Fixer" is episode fifteen of season eleven of Bones, the forensic drama television series loosely based on the novels and life of anthropologist Kathy Reichs. In this episode, the body of a fixer used by Aubrey's father is found.
Brennan and Booth are in the diner looking at Christine's first report card. Brennan says that Christine got an E+ which Brennan is pleased with. Booth needs clarification, as that sounds bad - as in above an F. Apparently 'E' means 'Exemplary' - it's confusing when grading systems are changed. Christine has also got an E+ in physical education, something that Brennan was never any good at; Booth says Christine takes after him. He wants to know how Christine did in spelling, as he was so terrible he couldn't even spell the word spelling. Brennan thinks that's sad, but Booth was joking. Christine has got perfect grades across the board. Brennan then gets a message that a body has been brought into the lab after being found in the Potomac. Booth says that means local PD moved the victim from the crime scene, and he knows how much she hates that. Brennan is not going to allow that to get in the way of her excellent mood.
The victim is in a large block of ice, and was found by a couple of frat boys doing a polar bear plunge. Angela says that a facial reconstruction is going to be hard, given that the victim lacks his mandible. Cam spots that Angela is wearing a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 48.783512
Retrieved Text: ​ Leave the Work to Us!
WE'RE NOT JUST DOG WALKERS!
Aubrey's Ark is a reliable and dependable pet sitting company. We come to your home for pet care visits. Serving only Montville, Towaco, (parts of) Pine Brook, and Boonton, New Jersey. We will always accommodate your requests to the very best of our abilities! If you live out of our service area - we will do our best to help you for an additional fee, or lead you to a pet sitter in your area!
Each of our caregivers are highly qualified, with 10+ years experience in this field, as well as a clean driving record and an eye for detail. We are all genuinely courteous, professional, trustworthy and responsible while working with you and your pet(s) in your home. When you hire us, we give you one on one pet care, following your rules and guidelines to the letter!
Well or misbehaved pets, we handle all types of behaviors and breeds!! Aubrey's Ark has experience with pets who show signs of food aggression, guarding issues, hyper-activity, jumping, pulling on a walk, nipping, dog aggression, stranger-aggression, and separation anxiety. If your pet needs insulin injections, or oral syringes, Aubrey and her staff have the experience to administer the medications as prescribed.
You can rest at ease and feel relaxed while you're away knowing your pets are in THE BEST loving and qualified hands. Check out our Reviews on Yelp!, or Angie's List. On Facebook, you can 'LIKE' Aubrey's Ark, LLC and really get a good idea of how we interact

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.284588
Retrieved Text: I just noticed a few minutes ago that Aubrey de Grey has jumped into the top ten list of Google Hot Trends. At #3, he's listed as "spicy". Google Hot Trends watches Google searches from around the world and provides a list of those being submitted by the most persons within the last few hours.
The reason for Aubrey's spiciness, today, is a publication about him in the Washington Post. Enjoy.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 46.995235
Retrieved Text: Upstairs at Midtown is in the heart of Downtown Charleston, South Carolina and is the perfect venue for intimate weddings. The mix of exposed bricks, restored wood and natural light offered Aubrey + Wade a beautiful backdrop just above King Street. The couple, who met thanks to Aubrey's astute aunt, kept the guest list small inviting only their nearest and dearest. Aubrey glowed in a fitted, lace Stella York gown as she walked down the aisle carrying a bouquet of roses. The couple exchanged vows in front of a 250 year old fireplace (how cool!) and then joined Shannon of Riverland Studios for a stroll by Rainbow Row. At the reception, guests enjoyed the pretty September weather beneath the string lights as they dined on tasty bites from Maybank Catering. Before the evening came to a close, guests received an RC Cola and Moon Pie - the ultimate Southern favor! As the couple waved goodbye, they hopped into a vintage blue and white Chevy truck and rode off into newlywed-ed bliss!
Having your wedding in Charleston, SC? Check out our favorite vendors and venues?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 46.957867
Retrieved Text: I received an ARC from William Morrow Paperbacks via Edelweiss in exchange for an honest review. Thank you!
I don't even know how to begin describing this book. The first few pages gave me a fairly good idea that I was in for an extremely interesting and dark story. In fact, it was so powerful that it's what kept me glued to the pages because I wanted needed to know how Aubrey got to that point.
This is a story of relationships both past and present and how they define Aubrey as a person. It weaves back and forth between past and present to tell the story and explain the complex relationship she had with Rachel. I knew that something big happened that would explain the broken friendship and Aubrey's obnoxious behaviour but I didn't know what. Each chapter brought me a little closer to answers and kept me turning the pages.
Before I say anything else I do need to make one thing clear. The characters are not very likeable in this book. At times they are down right discusting and hard to take. Normally this would turn me off a book but in this case I think it made the story stronger. In life when terrible things happen to us, our behaviour is not always acceptable or pleasant and this was the case with Aubrey. She was not an overly nice person, did terrible things and was cold and distant. Her behaviour actually made me want to read more because I knew that there had to be

########
Rank: 21
Score: 46.34927
Retrieved Text: This is the fourth of the Aubrey/Maturin series. It's the most novel-like of the series so far, which thus far has read more like a long biography than a series of novels. The novel's central conflict is the English campaign to take two islands in the Indian Ocean away from France, and the narrative remains with this campaign throughout. Some of the previous books have stuck with a theme, as alltoseek pointed out -- Master and Commandercovers Aubrey's command of the sloop Sophie, and H.M.S. Surprise mostly covers one mission -- but neither book has a central conflict that runs through it.
There's quite a lot of naval warfare in The Mauritius Command. I still don't really follow the fighting, but I am coming to like it, though I can hardly explain why.
I found the novel bittersweet. I fear that the weight of life and years has cast a permanent pall over the outsized good-natured puppy that was Jack Aubrey in Master and Commander. I mean, he's still good-natured and he's pretty upbeat for most of the story. But I miss his terrible, terrible jokes, and his unfathomable enjoyment of them. I suppose even puppies have to grow up eventually. But still.
It's a good read; I'll give it an 8.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 46.05106
Retrieved Text: Today brings news that the Criminal Justice Agency (CJA) has selected Aubrey Fox to be their new executive director. CJA has a long, rich tradition of reducing the unnecessary use of pretrial detention in New York City. I have written in the past about the special debt that I feel to the agency so I won't rehash that here. What I'm not sure I've written about before is the debt that I feel to Aubrey.
Aubrey worked at the Center for Court Innovation for many years and in many capacities. Among other things, he helped to plan and launch Bronx Community Solutions and the Centre for Justice Innovation, our UK-based sister agency. As with all of the best people that I have worked with over the years, it is difficult to distill Aubrey's impact down to items on a resume. In particular, his intellectual curiosity, his sense of adventure, and his capacity for mirth had a big influence on the trajectory of the Center. Certainly they had a big influence on me.
I can't count the number of essays, op-eds, grant proposals, reports and other written products that I have co-authored with Aubrey. This includes working together on Trial & Error in Criminal Justice Reform: Learning from Failure, a book about how difficult it is to make change happen in the real world. Collaboration can be hard work -- it is not easy to produce joint written product. But working with Aubrey was a day at the beach -- he always brought humor and insight and flexibility and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 45.662228
Retrieved Text: Aubrey did not get a "friends" birthday party this year. She had about 7 celebrations but none with "friends". This is so very sad. She did get an invitation for a school friend's party in November and we are VERY excited about this.
Some friends we haven't seen in WAY too long - maybe a year or more? are coming over on Saturday (they have girls the same ages as our girls (2 and 4)). Not knowing this Aubrey asked if we could have a Halloween Party, and I am putting the 2 things together!
Decorate Pumpkins - with sharpies or markers?
If any of the crafts work out I will post pictures!
So Emily, where have you been, you ask? Here, working through life as a crazy person.
Going to join WW in the next couple weeks - gaining weight like an idiot.
How do you put away summer clothes when it is 80 degrees? Blah.
Started Aubrey in swim lessons - she is doing GREAT! I love it!
Aubrey is great - her 4yo stats - 42 inches, 40 lbs! None of her 4T clothes fit - unless you want skirts and dresses that don't cover your underwear... and don't get me started on her size 13 feet.
I twitter more than I blog these days. Did you know Santa and Mrs. Clause twitter? Really keeps you in touch - and reminded me only 77 days til Christmas!
HA, how is that for randomness?
I was going to get out my winter clothes yesterday, And then it was 80. Stupid Mid Atlantic weather.
I'm still stumped

########
Rank: 24
Score: 45.454147
Retrieved Text: If you like Dracula or other classic vampire stories, you have to read this. It's the original vampire, and it is creepy and atmospheric. A must-read for fans of classic horror.
I was very fortunate to stumble upon this book due to Amazon's recommendations. Although, a short read, the novel does not leave you without an anticipatory hunger for what is to happen next.
The foundation runs along the same lines as Dracula, with the lurid and ominously surreptitious vampire, whom reveals his true self to only one person; which in turn drives this person into madness.
The conclusion left me with the chills. I enjoyed it very much!
It is a classic. It is in the style of the XIX century literature, very well written and not so long so you can read it almost in one stand and enjoy it a lot.
I probably should have checked this item out more carefully.
I expected a book, for the price, but instead received a pamphlet.
Not only was it embarassingly small, but 1/2 of it was redundant explanations of the history and origins of the story.
A young man Aubrey is coming of age and tags along with Lord Ruthven, his friend and mentor, across Europe. Aubrey is enamored with Lord Ruthven sophisticated ways until his guardians point out that Lord Ruthven is depraved. Now he sees Ruthven in a new light an disides to strike out on his own.
While in Greece he is informed of vampires. Not really believing in them he realizes that their description matches Lord Ruthven.
He is in for

########
Rank: 25
Score: 45.277115
Retrieved Text: HOW MUCH DO WE LOVE AUBREY HYDE'S GORGEOUS HAND-DYED, ONE OF A KIND WORK?
Enough to convince her to create some one of a kind creations just for us. Plus, the only thing better than one of a kind jewelry is having an equally unique bag to travel, pack and store your accessories in.
Aubrey hand dyes all of her textiles in her studio in East Nashville on 100% organic cotton duck.
Each pattern is unique and is created without the use of silkscreens or digital printers.
Combined with a 100% buttery-soft suede, these fully lined bags are one of a kind in every way.
Each zipper pouch has been adorned with a unique crystal rhinestone piece and suede tassel.
The rhinestone pieces originated from a necklace c.1940s. Judy Garland, anyone?
Be sure to check out more of Aubrey's beautiful home textiles and accessories on her website.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 44.367367
Retrieved Text: Beautiful Broken Mess is a story of reconnecting with a person your soul was always meant to be with.
Aubrey suffered a terrible childhood at the hands of her father. While the sudden passing of Jace's father leaves his family turned upside down. Your heart will break for these characters but sadly their true struggles are yet to come.
Jace and Audrey meet while they are in high school. After an afternoon of coffee and conversation their fate is sealed with one HOT and STEAMY kiss! But as Aubrey's luck would have it, their first date did not go as planned.
After years of separation and way too much bad water under the bridge, Audrey finds herself attending the same college as Jace. Their love story is heartbreaking and filled with secrets.
I want to scream at how irate I am that he never came to me and asked what happened. I want to cry because of everything we could have had. Even after all that, I want to reassure him that he should never feel guilt….
I LOVE that Beautiful Broken Mess is told alternating POV’s. Kimberly Lauren weaves us through this emotional read filled with fabulous characters. Both books in this series can be read as a stand alone and each have their own HEA.
This is a great 4.5 star read!!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 44.346615
Retrieved Text: I guess this is still going to run it's course, with Dawn Richards recently laying into member Aubrey O'Day during a recent radio interview.
"Honestly, real talk, she cool, I don't like it when people go in like that and try to pit us against each other" said Richards "Me and her [Aubrey] used to be mad cool, real talk, but this is the reality, I think we're all different personalities and you have to be a certain type of person to wanna deal with that, because if you like drama then that's your person you hang with, but I don't like drama so we didn't click long enough to hang."
Dawn then continued her rant, stating that she felt Aubrey lost the group money by cancelling shows.
"My thing is I like to be part of a business, if you're a part of a brand [then] I like to keep the brand good, ya feel me? I felt like I had other mouths to feed so I would never mess up Shannon's mouth, Aubrey's mouth, D Wood's mouth, and when you start messin' up my money and my home then I have a problem, that was my issue with Aubrey."
"It had nothing to do with her personality, who she is, she's a talented girl, but when you're missin' shows and fans are paying for you and you're the star of the group, I knew it and I was cool with it I was riding the ticket you know, but when you're the star and you don't show up

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.833984
Retrieved Text: The team on Bones might have lost an important member with the death of Sweets in the season premiere, but they've also added some new blood this season with new agent James Aubrey (John Boyd).
But exactly how's the sarcastic young agent fitting in?
If you ask the cast, swimmingly — both on screen and off.
"How Booth relates to him is completely different than how he would relate to Sweets," David Boreanaz says in a video piece exclusive to Mashable. "For John Boyd, it's an opportunity for him to fall into a great family of where we work every day."
And getting integrated into the Jeffersonian team has been a joy for Boyd, as well.
"It's really fun to get to come onto a show and discover all of the stuff that everyone sort of takes for granted and sees all the time — like the first time we discover a body and Aubrey's gagging and can't stop talking about how disgusting it is," he says in the video. "That's really fun to do."
For more about Aubrey and what's coming up for him on Bones, watch the video below.
Bones airs Thursdays at 8 p.m. ET on FOX.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.651543
Retrieved Text: Author Aubrey Daquinag is a travel blogger and photographer, with a dedicated following through her website The Love Assembly. Wander Love takes her world of travel, Instagram and brand collaborations, and presents it in a fun and colourful 'lookbook' format.
The book features Aubrey's incredible photography and travel information on the latest exotic locations, including Morocco, Colombia, and the Philippines. It serves as a guide for these destinations, but also as a guide for other young tech-savvy travellers looking to travel in style and document their experiences. There are tips on how to stay stylish while on the road, how to upgrade your travel photography skills, and helpful travel advice for solo female travellers; along with an insight into the tools needed for running a travel blog and a deeper look into the essence of travelling creatively, curiously and mindfully.
Wander Love is the perfect mix of style, substance and travel adventures to inspire your own.

================



======= Instance Index 30992 =========
Input Text: Context: Sasha took the bus to Vegas to audition for a performance part in the new Cirque du Soleil acrobatic extravaganza.

Question: Why did Sasha do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: try and get a job as an acrobat

B: talk to Sasha

C: call Sasha for luck

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 69.57571
Retrieved Text: Best Answer: I go to Vegas two to three times a year - I love the shows.
Cirque du Soleil has been part of Las Vegas for more than 20 years.
KA by Cirque du Soleil, an unprecedented, gravity-defying production will transport you to an all new level of adventure and of discovery.Our 90-minute shows run all year long, and have everything from music to illusion and from acrobatics to artistry.
The Firefly Boy glides and dives as he performs aerial acrobatics and makes a special connection, in an aerial duet, with the Twin Sister after she plummets from the flying bird into his world.Cirque du Soleil introduced their first show in Las Vegas, Mystere, over 15 years ago, and gave vacationers and residents an opportunity to be entertained by a group of extremely talented international performers. It features a massive variety of shows catering to even the pickiest of tastes, it consistently tours around the world alongside main stage showings in popular travel destinations, and it contains some of the most talented and dedicated performers in the world.
The show takes place in a specifically designed theatre, where the stage gives way to a massive pool, where all sorts of aquatic stunts are performed.
Best Cirque Du Soleil Show tickets in Las Vegas. Best-vegas.com Best Cirque Du Soleil Show tickets in Las Vegas.
Zumanity by Cirque du Soleil, is a seductive twist on reality, making the provocative playful and the forbidden electrifying.Love is a 2006 theatrical production by Cirque du Soleil which combines the re-produced and re-imagined music of the Beatles

########
Rank: 1
Score: 61.90377
Retrieved Text: Stream Alegria by Cirque Du Soleil and tens of millions of other songs on all. Download the free trial version below to get started.
Shop new used Vinyl CDs. Desde los orígenes la humanidad ha tenido que hacer frente a una cuestión fundamental: la forma de preservar y transmitir su cultura, es decir, sus creencias y conocimientos tanto en el espacio como en el tiempo.
Cirque du soleil alegria cd download. The acrobatic artistry of Cirque du Soleil. It was one of Cirque du Soleil' s most popular touring shows. City and County of Denver - Colorado | Charleston County - South Carolina | Dauphin County - Pennsylvania | Cass County - North Dakota.
I usually stick to books however I have to make an exception for Cirque Du Soliel. Atmospheric sounds on the CD. To view this video download Flash Player. But when you do go back to Alegria. Delirium was a touring multimedia stage show by Cirque du Soleil featuring live music video projections, performances by acrobats other circus performers. Or: The Big Damn Bronze Age Disney- Style Award- Baiting End- Credits Power Ballad. Tropers who grew up in.
Enlaces a centros departamentos, servicios planes de estudios. To view this video download. Viaggi e Vacanze - Minube è la community di viaggiatori e turisti dove scoprire destinazioni e condividere esperienze e idee di viaggio.
Complete your Cirque Du Soleil record collection. Sep 29, · Este es el álbum completo del disco de Cirque du Soleil " ALEGRÍA" Copyrighted by Cirque Du Soleil. Embora inicialmente o estilo musical do grupo

########
Rank: 2
Score: 61.537663
Retrieved Text: Auditions are by appointment only and to receive an appointment you must follow the instructions below.
Performers – Singers in France. If interested, apply ASAP because the deadline is the 3rd.
Cirque du Soleil is a circus, theater and performance group. The company is based out of Quebec and travel the world performing in cities across different continents. Cirque also has a long running show in Las Vegas. Their shows are known for dramatic dance, acrobatics, theatrics and gorgeous costumes.
They are currently looking for new talent and will be holding auditions for singers in 2 French cities, Paris and Montpellier. They will also be holding auditions in Las Vegas shortly.
Cirque du Soleil is seeking professional singers (male and female, all voice types and styles) for live performances in its existing shows and upcoming creations. We will be hosting auditions in Montpellier and Paris, France in March of 2014.
Candidates must currently live in France, Spain, Italy, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Belgium and Netherlands (if you do not currently live in this region, please click here to apply on line; your profile will be evaluated and you might be considered for a future audition in your area).
All complete applications (résumé/CV, photos and video demo) will be evaluated by a talent scout from the Casting team. Only selected candidates will be contacted and will receive an email confirmation about three weeks before the audition containing all details and location.
Submission deadline: March 03, 2014.
You can apply online for an audition spot. See here.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 61.15677
Retrieved Text: Throughout the show, the misfit group undergoes complete transformation and realize the truth behind the message in all Michael Jackson's songs: Caesars PalaceRoman Plaza Spiegeltent. Title your review - If constantly re-evaluating stunts, adding in new acrobatics, and the cast say. Offers for Mystère in Las. You can also give us a call on and we would be able to take of performers will definitely switch definable plot and sequence of. It doesn't ask for a visual experience excitement. TripAdvisor LLC is not responsible Vegas. As you can probably tell, each component of the show being the only one in your group request over the look spectacular for the audience.
The theatre is able to store a maximum of 2 wheelchairs and one scooter per. The host had me in incorrect address Suggest edits. Wed - Sun 8: The the amazing acrobatic routines that in The show goes on typical Cirque Du Soleil performance, sometimes you do not know where to look because something set that help to tell several focal points of awe. Reviewed 1 week ago via story is hard to follow. One of the most amazing productions I have ever witnessed. Anonymous - September 26, The be able to see spectacular not a circus tent. In addition to all of idea for Mystere originally began you would expect from a a large scale, so that there are many technical aspects involving the stage and surrounding fascinating if going on in the story and provide moments. After you enter the Twenty One Pilots offer, the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 60.55079
Retrieved Text: A new Cirque du Soleil show has arrived in Orlando for the spring season. The acrobatic world of LUZIA by Cirque du Soleil is a waking dream of Mexico under the Big Top at The Florida Mall in Orlando.
For a limited time, the show is offering discounted Orlando Cirque du Soleil tickets. You can save 20% off on select tickets for all performances of LUZIA scheduled through April 21.
In a series of grand visual surprises and breathtaking acrobatic performances, LUZIA takes audiences on a surrealistic journey filled with wonders, playfulness and striking artistry.
Smoothly passing from an old movie set to the ocean to a smoky dance hall or an arid desert, LUZIA cleverly brings to the stage multiple places, faces and sounds of Mexico taken from both tradition and modernity. Rich in awe-inspiring moments, LUZIA enchants by incorporating rain into acrobatic and artistic scenes – a first for a Cirque du Soleil touring production.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 60.19004
Retrieved Text: “Forever Plaid” is a warm musical show, rich in nostalgia and comedy. A great blend of popular show and dance music from the 50s and ’60s. You can now purchase the Forever Plaid album with all of your favorite songs of the past.
Forever Plaid is currently performing at the Gold Coast Hotel.
Hairspray is based on the New Line Cinema film of the same name. It features dancing, music and very big hair. Follow the life of a 60’s teen as she fights to become a celebrity dance queen all while winning the heart of heartthrob Link Larkin and knocking the reigning dance princess out of the picture.
Hairspray is currently performing at the Luxor Las Vegas.
Take a tour of Las Vegas’s most haunted locations. Did you know that Elvis is said to still haunt the Hilton Hotel where he was spotted once by Wayne Newton himself. From Tupac Shakur to Liberace, find out where the supernatural is found on this 2.5 hour tour of the most spooky spots in Las Vegas.
The Haunted Vegas Tour and Show starts out at the Greek Isles Hotel with a 30 minute show featuring creepy characters and continues through the streets of Vegas and highlighting tales of murders, suicides and spirits.
Buy KA Cirque du Soleil Tickets!
KA the unprecedented new theatrical show from Cirque du Soleil at MGM Grand combines acrobatic performances, martial arts, puppetry, multimedia and pyrotechnics to illustrate the nature of duality. It’s the epic saga of separated twins who embark on a perilous journey to fulfill their destinies. KA applies

########
Rank: 6
Score: 59.521614
Retrieved Text: Club Med has long been known for its circus activities at many of its resorts. Kids can learn tricks or become clowns, while adults can fly on the trapeze. But now the venerable all-inclusive brand is taking that circus training to a whole new level.
At a special event in New York on Oct. 23 attended by press and top travel agents, Club Med unveiled a new partnership with Cirque du Soleil, the company that effectively reinvented circus arts and turned them into top-notch entertainment, especially in places like Las Vegas. Together the two companies will launch a new concept in experiential travel called Club Med Creactive by Cirque du Soleil.
The new Creactive concept will debut at Club Med Punta Cana, one of Club Med’s largest resorts, in the Dominican Republic in June 2015. Guests will be able to learn many of the acrobatic, aerialist and artistic techniques showcased in Cirque du Soleil productions, including high bungee jumping, flying trapeze, aerial silk, tightrope and trampoline, juggling, percussion and dance, and mask painting, among others.
In all there will be 25 different circus activities available for guests, who will learn from Cirque du Soleil-trained “gentile circusians,” Club Med’s term for the circus trainers. Club Med’s resort staff members are known as “gentile organisateurs” or GOs. Guests are known as “gentile membres” or GMs.
Guests will be fully immersed in a circus environment that is custom-designed to encourage both adults and children alike to learn new skills, play and have fun under the supervision of Cirque du Soleil-trained staff. The Creactive

########
Rank: 7
Score: 59.274925
Retrieved Text: Buy cheap theatre tickets and find 2019 Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil schedule and Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil tour dates below. Smiling Tickets specializes in premium Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil seats and sold-out theatre tickets. Experience the Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil show and buy your discount Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil tickets today!
Unfortunately, there are plenty of Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil ticket brokers that claim to supply exceptional service although offer nothing over headaches. this is usually why it’s so important to find a top-class Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil ticket website. just one reaches out in terms of service, simple to use, security, including cheap Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil tickets. That website is smilingtickets.com.
What does Smiling Tickets unique is that we have the aim to check our website, service, and prices to the competition daily. Employees at smilingtickets.com are total perfectionists, and if you’re wanting to buy Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil tickets, this performs to your advantage. It’s not possible to find Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil ticket website of this quality that additionally offers discount Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil tickets. Not only will we provide discount Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil tickets, but our goal is to provide the most affordable Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil tickets within the business.
In addition, you'll be able to search Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil dates, Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil seating charts, and any recently updated Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil news. the first common tickets to Las Vegas Cirque

########
Rank: 8
Score: 59.22662
Retrieved Text: Starting at 2:10s, watch how the most advanced tech such as BlackTrax helped enhance Cirque du Soleil’s Crystal enabling lighting, automated follow spots and video interactivity. Images and story source from the Cirque du Soleil press room.
Cirque du Soleil Crystal is more than just an ice show. Cirque du Soleil’s CRYSTAL, explores the artistic limits of ice for the first time in the company’s history. This unique production pushes boundaries of performance by combining stunning skating and acrobatic feats that defy the imagination.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 58.854343
Retrieved Text: O Las Vegas, Cirque Du Soleil!
Las Vegas Show Tickets! Best Deals Everyday! O, by Cirque Du Soleil reservations! Las Vegas premiere show. The Cirque du Soleil: O. Shows are now appearing at the MGM Grand, Wynn Las Vegas, Treasure Island, and the Luxor. Show tickets and hotel reservations are available. O show Performers known as "Le Club des Talons Hauts" the high-heels club, the same group which had founded the first street performers' festival, La Fête foraine de Baie-Saint-Paul. (Baie-Saint Paul is a small town near Quebec City.
Some members of this group are still active at Cirque du Soleil: Guy Laliberté, then a musician and firebreather, is now Founding President. Gilles Ste-Croix, who went most places on stilts in those days, is now the	Director of Creation and Guy Caron, then an actor, now directs some Cirque productions. This year is new, 73 people worked for O by Cirque du Soleil. Today, the organization has over 2,500 employees worldwide. The average age of Cirque du Soleil employees is 34. Cirque du Soleil has not received any operating grants for its productions from the government nor the private sector since 2007.
Initially, O by Cirque du Soleil toured only one show at a time. From 2007, Cirque played to an average of 270,000 people a year. In 2007, there will be no less than nine Cirque productions running on three continents. In 2006 alone, nearly 7,000,000 people will see a Cirque du Soleil show. Since Cirque's founding new, more than 37 million people have attended one of its productions.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 58.46922
Retrieved Text: At A Glance Created in 1984 by visionary and one-time street performer Guy Laliberté, Cirque du Soleil has gained unparalleled acclaim with astonishing, high-energy shows performed around the world.
Cirque du Soleil opened on 23rd Dec 1998, and as expected is quite a busy attraction, though not so busy that it's difficult to get late tickets.
Created in 1984 by visionary and one-time street performer Guy Laliberté, Cirque du Soleil has gained unparalleled acclaim with astonishing, high-energy shows performed around the world. A stunning blend of circus art and street entertainment, Cirque du Soleil captivates with a dazzling array of outrageous costumes, magical lighting, and fantastically original acts and music.
The newest extravaganza from Cirque du Soleil, La Nouba, conceived especially for Downtown Disney West Side, is presented in a state-of-the-art venue - an inspiring cylindrical structure with metal towers soaring to a height of 160 feet.
Other Cirque shows around the world include Las Vegas (Mystere), and Atlanta.
This 70,000-square-foot theater conveys the look and atmosphere of a "Big Top," and has seating for 1,671 guests.
The show which lasts for 90 minutes features more than seventy performers in a not-to-be-missed mix of big-top circus acts with original music, fantastic costumes, and innovative choreography.
There aren't any animals used in the show, which tends to focus on balancing and skill acts instead, with Trapeze, Trampolining, High Wire acts, alongside skill/grace type acts. Around 15 minutes before the start of the main show a number of clowns interact with the audience in a sort of pre-show.
The show will be staged twice daily, five

########
Rank: 11
Score: 58.053696
Retrieved Text: It’s the biggest theatrical performance company in the world.
90 million people have experienced the show.
For a spectacle of acrobatic bodyweight mastery, it doesn’t get much bigger than the Cirque du Soleil.
This week’s interview is with two artists who have performed with the Cirque du Soleil for the last fourteen years.
Why don’t you introduce yourselves? Who are you and what do you do?
Hello, we’re identical twins Andrew and Kevin Atherton. We’re former British gymnasts, who for the past fourteen years have been working as performers with the Cirque du Soleil.
Tell us about where it all started. How did you first get involved with gymnastics?
As young children, we drove our parents crazy. We were two very active (hyperactive if you ask our mother) boys. There were no parts of the house that were safe from our escapades.
We’d jump all over the furniture and ride bikes down the stairs. We were even caught holding onto the back of the local ice-cream truck whilst testing the capabilities of the new roller skates our parents had just bought us. We have no idea just how our parents managed.
They decided to try to channel our energy into something that would 1) get us out of the house and from under their feet, and 2) hopefully release all of that excess energy that we both had.
We tried many sports. Football (soccer) and rugby were the two obvious choices, but we didn’t take to either. We liked swimming, tennis and athletics, but the passion was simply not there. It was only when we were

########
Rank: 12
Score: 57.51346
Retrieved Text: After hearing rave reviews from a friend, I had to see the ‘O’ Cirque Du Soleil show at The Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas but by the time we arrived in Vegas the show was sold out.
Since I was staying at the hotel anyway, I popped by the booking desk to see if any tickets had become available. At that exact moment two seats opened up. Did I jump at them with glee and promise to return with my credit card? No. The problem was my best friend and I had just spent three weeks shopping in New York. We were not exactly flush with cash. I thought I should run it by my friend before spending her hard earned money. Big mistake! By the time I took the express elevator upstairs and back again, the tickets were gone.
The lady on the ticket desk had mentioned there was a queue for cancellation tickets prior to every performance. So after dinner we lined up. I can’t remember when my friend bailed. I on the other hand was resolved. I was getting tickets. Over the next hour and a half, people from the front of the queue, lost hope and began to wander off. The people at the back were dropping like flies.
Eventually, I found myself front of the queue. With ten minutes to spare, the ticket seller waved me over. I had two tickets.
Walking into the auditorium I felt a tinge of doubt. In front of me was a normal looking stage curtain, covering what seemed to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 57.119846
Retrieved Text: for all skill levels from beginner to professional.
40' of mirror, our training space is second to none in all of Central Florida.
They have graced the stages of Walt Disney World®, Cirque du Soleil®, Sea World®, Universal Studios®, Las Vegas, Broadway and Off-Broadway touring companies, major cruise lines and more, bringing experience, expertise, and supportive, hands-on instruction. We take pride in the continual growth of our students as performers and people, as they advance through hard-work and determination. We've shared in our students' successes both small and large, whether they were as simple as doing their first pull up or as important as getting invited to, training for and successfully completing the Cirque du Soleil® audition.
Whether you're a professional looking to polish your craft or a beginner looking for a new form of exercise, there is a class for you.
We take pride in the continual growth of our students as performers and people, as they advance through hard-work and determination.
Keep up with the latest news that is happening at Metro Movement and Aerial Arts.
Take a look at our video and photo gallery of our instructors and students training or in performance.
We want to see YOU in class!!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 57.04507
Retrieved Text: Cirque du Soleil is the marriage of vibrant circus acts with the new age street arts. Established in 1984, the show has gained immense popularity and recognition in a span of over 25 years. This year the show will be bringing some new acts and themes to give you a unique show each time you are there. So what are you waiting for? Get the Cirque du Soleil Tickets at the best available rates from our website.
Guy Laliberte, the founder of Cirque du Soleil, had a very humble start in the field of circus arts in the late 70s. After gaining a $1.5 million grant from the government of Quebec, Laliberte came up with a refreshed version of his previous acts and named it Le Grand Tour du Cirque du Soleil. This show was intended to be a one year project as per initial plans. It was the perseverance of the founder that made the project such a big success that it continued till 1984, and by that time the show became a famous act. The show shifted to Carnivale Lune Bleue, which had a 1930 carnival feel to it. During this time, cirque transformed from a mere street arts act to a more proper circus show. Many of their shows were also inspired by the Moscow circus acts, making them a unique event in the North America.
Cirque took a big gamble in 1987 when they opted to perform at the Los Angeles Arts Festival, despite the financial constraints. Contrary to the concerns, the show was

########
Rank: 15
Score: 56.992416
Retrieved Text: SYMA – Sail Beyond Imagination takes viewers on the epic journey of a young sailor, brimming with imagination. On this bold expedition, he braves the elements, plunges into troubled waters and discovers the mysterious island of his dreams, populated by surreal, and colorful creatures. We all carry our own imaginary island inside of us, so what are you waiting for? SYMA awaits. Immersive video images, an original set design, bioluminescent lighting and acrobatic feats make SYMA an unforgettable show.
VARÉLIA – Love in Full Color puts a futuristic twist on a traditional medieval tale. It traces the arduous course of an unconventional courtship between a princess with distinctive violet skin and a charming hero who is blind. Their budding romance is thwarted by a villain who, in a fit of madness, kidnaps the royal. With the help of his friends, the brave young hero formulates a plan to rescue his beloved. Delight in the acrobatic feats, the laser show and the unique set design of this futuristic medieval tale.
The Carousel Lounge is a purpose-built entertainment venue hosting just over 400 guests each night and specially designed for the needs of the Cirque du Soleil at Sea artists. Creating an immersive and intimate spectacle for MSC Cruises guests, the space allows viewers to fully connect with the artists. With an investment of €20 million each (approx. $22.7MM USD), the lounge features state-of-the-art technology and high specification technical features to deliver an exceptional and memorable entertainment experience for guests. The 360° rotating stage is set in the middle of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 56.86291
Retrieved Text: A:No, your Cirque Du Soleil O Tickets promo codes have no expiry dates.
Check out the details and place the order right away.Ticketmaster Coupon Codes, Best Cars Reviews.Q:Can i get cheapest tickets for cirque du soleil o from you?Check the price range and place the order as soon as you can.Check out the directions and place the order for Cirque Du Soleil O Tickets.The colorful presentation of the show is what really dazzles the viewers.A:Cirque Du Soleil O Tickets once bought cannot be exchanged for any other date or event as it is not our company&apos;s policy.A:We are offering a reasonable discount percentage on Cirque Du Soleil O Tickets.Q:Are there special o cirque du soleil tickets discount las vegas for press members on your website?Q:Are you sure ill get my tickets for o in time?
O By Cirque Du Soleil Discount Tickets Las Vegas Travel bellagio cirque du soleil o seating chart,.
O by Cirque du Soleil Discount Tickets - Discount Codes.
Check out the price details and place the order as soon as possible.
Q:Are there any hidden charges for discounts on o tickets?
Use can you register for gift cards for a wedding the discount codes mentioned on our page for instant discounts.
KA by Cirque Du Soleil Discount Tickets PromotionsCirque du Soleil - OVO Review by Caroline Murphy, Cirque.
Discounted Products books music software all, all ProductsBabyBooksCamera PhotoClassical MusicVideo LivingPopular MusicSoftwareTools HardwareToys GamesVideo.These include a 100 year old Chinese violin and special African drums.The true magic of the show is how while there is a boat suspended in the sky with

########
Rank: 17
Score: 56.55775
Retrieved Text: Our deals on tickets are with Cirque du Soleil offers. Local Wine Events Coupons. What goes better together than sheer thrills and spending time with the most important people and family to an unforgettable. You can purchase tickets and watch multimedia performances of past on dance, theater and acrobatics. All you need is LOVE. Plunge into 'O' - an. An epic adventure of love. Wolf Trap Coupon Code.
Latest Free Shipping Offers. Save more than before with savings alerts and new offers 5, employees all over the. Lowell Memorial Auditorium Coupons. Enter the empire of KÀ. Top Categories View All. Sorry, we could not count. Plunge into 'O' - an aquatic world of acrobatics and with a Nordstrom promo code. It began in with 75 employees and has expanded to delivered right to your inbox. Offers for Mystère in Las. Anniversary Offer Book Early. Cirque du Soleil Las Vegas. This includes Caffeine, Green Tea. Get Sears coupons, Best Buy coupons, and enjoy great savings.
OFFERS FOR Las Vegas & surroundings. Set the excitement to high with Cirque du Soleil offers! Celebrate a big event, a get-together, a romantic outing, and more with discounts on tickets to some of the world’s most captivating Cirque du Soleil shows. No matter what Cirque Du Soleil show you need tickets for, whether it's a Big Top production of Corteo or the Las Vegas resident show The Beatles: Love or any of the other spectacular shows, you can secure your seats here. Act now to get your cheap Cirque Du Soleil tickets for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 56.383278
Retrieved Text: In 1995, a couple from Lévis, Québec, had a crazy dream: create high-flying acrobatic and diving productions. They founded Les Productions Haut-Vol, hired a handful of talented freelance artists and gave it a try.
Hugues Aubry, now President, arrived in 1998 with his trampoline and management skills. He integrated more and more acrobatic and trampoline acts into the productions until finally specializing in a true hybrid discipline: the trampoline wall.
In 2009, after many years of growth for Haut-Vol in Canada and the United States, Joel Norton joined the company as Vice President where he put his exceptional creativity and entrepreneurial spirit to good use. A workshop was established in 2010 to create customized shows, and there's been strong demand ever since.
In 2012, Les Productions Haut-Vol caught the eye of a Cirque du Soleil producer during a performance for the Fête des Neiges de Montréal. This opportunity has led the team to create and perform about 10 acts a year for Cirque du Soleil and Cirque Éloize.
Today, the once-tiny organization has become large, annually hiring almost 100 artists who contribute to its ever-growing success.
Admire our artists jumping from the top of a wall onto a trampoline and performing acrobatics while bouncing.
2013Winner of Best Overall Production: $200,001-$400,000 for Cirque Imagine at Canada’s Wonderland - Ontario, Canada.
2011Nominee for Best Acrobatic and High Dive Show at Canada’s Wonderland - Ontario, Canada.
2010Honourable mention for Best Acrobatic Show at La Ronde - Montreal, Canada.
2002Public's choice for Best Diving Show of the Summer at Canada's Wonderland - Ontario, Canada.
Impress your partners, employees and visitors

########
Rank: 19
Score: 56.37524
Retrieved Text: Save with the latest KA promotion codes and offers. KA by Cirque du Soleil promos are updated constantly and can be found on this page.
Are you looking for a thrilling and awe-inspiring show that will have you on the edge of your seat?
Search no further because KA show is right for you. It is happening life-and-direct at the MGM Grand hotel in Las Vegas.
The acrobatic performance displayed by the actors can only be described as impossible to anybody who has not witnessed it. The KA Cirque du Soleil show is one of a kind: displaying amazing martial arts, unimaginable costumes, the most technically advanced stage, puppetry, pyrotechnics and breathtaking stunt work.
This show has been described as the best strip show ever showcased in Las Vegas, winning numerous awards like the esteemed theater Award for Outstanding Technical Achievement by the American Themed Entertainment Association in 2008.
One of the amazing features of KA show is the ability of the organizers to combine dazzling acrobats with the Chinese and Brazilian Martial arts in addition to a love story that is full of suspense, risky adventures and the uniqueness of KA (believed to be the fire that can do the impossible).
KA is a must watch because this show was crafted from an unusual love story which makes it different from other advertised Cirque shows. It is a mixture of cohesive love, music, martial art and acrobatics. It is a show that holds a simple of quality, showcasing masterpiece performance from professional actors and it is created and directed by an

########
Rank: 20
Score: 56.19726
Retrieved Text: Cirque du Soleil is coming to the Greensboro Coliseum with a brand-new arena creation. Cirque du Soleil’s CRYSTAL, explores the artistic limits of ice for the first time in the company’s 34-year history. This unique production pushes boundaries of performance by combining stunning skating and acrobatic feats that defy the imagination. CRYSTAL will perform in Greensboro from Wednesday, August 22 through Sunday, August 26 for 7 shows only.
Tickets for CRYSTAL are available online exclusively to Cirque Club members starting Monday, March 12 at 10:00 am. Cirque Club membership is free and benefits includes access to advance tickets, special offers and exclusive behind-the-scenes information. To join, visit www.cirqueclub.com. Tickets will be available to the public for Greensboro performances of CRYSTAL starting March 23 at 10 a.m.
Follow CRYSTAL, the lead character, on an exhilarating tale of self-discovery as she dives into a world of her own imagination. Feel the adrenaline as she soars through this surreal world at high speed to become what she was always destined to be: confident, liberated, and empowered. CRYSTAL invites you to suspend reality and glide into a world that springs to colorful life with astounding visual projections and a soundtrack that seamlessly blends popular music with the signature sound of Cirque du Soleil.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 56.00834
Retrieved Text: MSC Cruises has revealed details of the two new Cirque du Soleil at Sea shows that are being created for MSC Bellissima.
The shows will be called SYMA – Sail beyond Imagination and VARÉLIA – Love in Full Colour and will be available on MSC Bellissima, coming into service in March 2019.
The long-term partnership between MSC Cruises and Cirque du Soleil first began in 2013.
A total of eight original shows, that cannot be seen anywhere else in the world will be available exclusively on MSC Cruises’ Meraviglia generation ships coming into service between 2017 and autumn 2020.
MSC Meraviglia was the first ship to debut the new Cirque du Soleil at Sea concept with the launch of the two shows VIAGGIO and SONOR last June.
Work is already underway for MSC Grandiosa, that will also launch next year in November and MSC Virtuosa, that will launch in October 2020.
Pierfrancesco Vago, MSC Cruises’ executive chairman commented, ‘The partnership with Cirque du Soleil is truly special. With the creation of Cirque du Soleil at Sea we wanted to bring our guests the very best in onboard live entertainment and more importantly something that they would not be able to see anywhere else in the world.
This show takes guests on the epic journey of a young sailor, brimming with imagination. On this bold expedition, he braves the elements, plunges into troubled waters and discovers the mysterious island of his dreams, populated by surreal, and colourful creatures. SYMA features immersive video images, an original set design, bioluminescent lighting and acrobatic feats.
The second show

########
Rank: 22
Score: 55.43933
Retrieved Text: Franco Dragone (born 1952) is a Belgian theatre director. He is the founder and artistic director of Dragone, and is also known for his work with Cirque du Soleil and Celine Dion.
Dragone was born in Cairano, Italy, and moved to La Louvière, Belgium at age seven. In the 1970s, he studied theatre at the Belgian Royal Conservatory of Mons. His earliest theatrical work was explicitly political, working as a director of theatre and film in the mode of the commedia dell'arte dramatist Dario Fo. The theatre works he helped create expressed social situations, interpreting true stories of the homeless, drug addicts, and prison inmates, and casting the non-actors who shared their stories to perform in the shows. In the 1980s, Dragone came to Montreal, Quebec, Canada, where Guy Caron, director of the National Circus School, invited him to conduct workshops with the students and teachers at his school. Later, Dragone created, directed and produced a show for the end of the school year. Guy Laliberté saw one of these performances in 1984, the same year he formed Cirque du Soleil. In 1985, Laliberté sought out Guy Caron to join Cirque du Soleil. Caron, in turn, asked Dragone to join as a creator.
From the years 1985 to 1998, Dragone would direct nearly all of Cirque du Soleil's most prestigious shows and played a significant role in developing Cirque du Soleil's distinctive merging of theater and circus performance. In the early 1990s, Dragone's reputation grew with the production of Nouvelle Expérience and Saltimbanco, nontraditional circus productions in which

########
Rank: 23
Score: 54.927437
Retrieved Text: If one of your best friends has a big birthday coming up, forget about all the classic birthday ideas. This time, it’s got to be special. Really special. Vegas special. Fill this year’s birthday celebrations with some things you can only do in Vegas.
Sure, you’ve been to the gun range before. Been there, done that. But stop right there—Machine Guns Vegas is unlike any gun range you’ve ever seen. A trip to this gun range tops any list of Las Vegas birthday party ideas because it’s the only place you can shoot fully automatic machine guns, be surrounded by gorgeous Gun Girls and then head to the raceway for extreme go-karting.
Everything about this place and the Ultimate Race & Fire Package gets the blood pumping. You’ll start by firing some of the world’s most notorious and powerful guns such as the AK-47, HK MP5, the FN SCAR, and the Glock 17. The guns that used to be reserved for movie action heroes and military specialists are now in your hands. But don’t worry, you’ll have a one-on-one safety instructor and the encouragement of the experienced Gun Girls to cheer you on.
After that you and your buddies can get out some more aggression and competition on the racetrack. See who is the fastest, strongest, and most agile at the wheel by starting an epic go kart race.
One of the long-time favorite Las Vegas birthday party ideas is seeing a Cirque du Soleil show. The theater was changed forever when Cirque du Soleil began. The traditional visual show

########
Rank: 24
Score: 54.89031
Retrieved Text: The opening scene of CIRQUE DU SOLEIL – WORLDS AWAY was not what I expected at all (even though I’ve seen Cirque du Soleil shows in person).
If you’re already a Cirque fan, you will love this movie because it’s every bit as bizarre, crazy and fascinating as a live show. It’s one of those things you can’t look away from.
The movie has a mystical magical feel as it showcases some of the most creative acrobatic and stunt work you’ve likely ever seen, and it includes performances from the shows Ka, O, The Beatles Love and more.
The colors, the shapes, and the music are all so fluid and move together harmoniously to create a visual feast for the senses.
CIRQUE DU SOLEIL WORLDS AWAY is like the weirdest dream you could ever possibly have, but you don’t want to wake up. I loved it!
Buy It: CIRQUE DU SOLEIL – WORLDS AWAY is available now!
One (1) lucky reader will win a copy of CIRQUE DU SOLEIL WORLDS AWAY on Blu-ray/DVD.
Prizing courtesy of 20th Century Fox and DreamWorks Animation. All opinions are my own.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 54.753872
Retrieved Text: Watch Cirque du Soleil - Mystere from Mystere Theatre - Treasure Island in Las Vegas, NV on 04/30/2019 9:30PM with tickets from Cirque Tickets Online.
Why wait in line at the Mystere Theatre - Treasure Island box office when you can get the best seats available in the house with Cirque Tickets Online. We have made it easy for you to find your seats at Mystere Theatre - Treasure Island in Las Vegas, Nevada with a very easy to use and interactive seating chart. This way you know exactly where you will be sitting at while watching Cirque du Soleil - Mystere on 04/30/2019 9:30PM.
Find the best tickets to Cirque du Soleil - Mystere in Las Vegas with our event calendar shown above. Find Cirque du Soleil - Mystere tickets for 04/30/2019 9:30PM at Mystere Theatre - Treasure Island.
Cirque du Soleil - Mystere tickets are easy to get when you buy tickets from Cirque Tickets Online. We have made it very easy to find the best seats available at Mystere Theatre - Treasure Island and the best date or dates for you.
Sit back and enjoy your tickets to watch at Mystere Theatre - Treasure Island watching Cirque du Soleil - Mystere on 04/30/2019 9:30PM.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 54.71257
Retrieved Text: Watch Cirque du Soleil - Ka from KA Theatre at MGM Grand in Las Vegas, NV on 04/29/2019 7:00PM with tickets from Cirque Tickets Online.
Why wait in line at the KA Theatre at MGM Grand box office when you can get the best seats available in the house with Cirque Tickets Online. We have made it easy for you to find your seats at KA Theatre at MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada with a very easy to use and interactive seating chart. This way you know exactly where you will be sitting at while watching Cirque du Soleil on 04/29/2019 7:00PM.
Find the best tickets to Cirque du Soleil in Las Vegas with our event calendar shown above. Find Cirque du Soleil - Ka tickets for 04/29/2019 7:00PM at KA Theatre at MGM Grand.
Sit back and enjoy your tickets to watch at KA Theatre at MGM Grand watching Cirque du Soleil on 04/29/2019 7:00PM.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 54.68026
Retrieved Text: Cirque Du Soleil Poster O Posters57 Your Source For Posters Cirque Du Soleil Posters Uploaded by grbcga on Saturday, October 27th, 2018 in category Design.
See also Cirque Du Soleil Posters O Cirque Du Soleil Poster Vegas Ba Pinterest Cirque Du from Design Topic.
Here we have another image Cirque Du Soleil Posters Cirque Du Soleil Worlds Away Movie Poster 1 Of 8 Imp Awards featured under Cirque Du Soleil Poster O Posters57 Your Source For Posters Cirque Du Soleil Posters. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to download the pictures in high quality, simply right click the image and choose "Save As". Thanks for reading Cirque Du Soleil Poster O Posters57 Your Source For Posters Cirque Du Soleil Posters.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 54.632923
Retrieved Text: Watch Cirque du Soleil - Mystere from Mystere Theatre - Treasure Island in Las Vegas, NV on 04/29/2019 9:30PM with tickets from Cirque Tickets Online.
Why wait in line at the Mystere Theatre - Treasure Island box office when you can get the best seats available in the house with Cirque Tickets Online. We have made it easy for you to find your seats at Mystere Theatre - Treasure Island in Las Vegas, Nevada with a very easy to use and interactive seating chart. This way you know exactly where you will be sitting at while watching Cirque du Soleil on 04/29/2019 9:30PM.
Find the best tickets to Cirque du Soleil in Las Vegas with our event calendar shown above. Find Cirque du Soleil - Mystere tickets for 04/29/2019 9:30PM at Mystere Theatre - Treasure Island.
Cirque du Soleil tickets are easy to get when you buy tickets from Cirque Tickets Online. We have made it very easy to find the best seats available at Mystere Theatre - Treasure Island and the best date or dates for you.
Sit back and enjoy your tickets to watch at Mystere Theatre - Treasure Island watching Cirque du Soleil on 04/29/2019 9:30PM.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 54.423653
Retrieved Text: Cirque Du Soleil OVO at the FlyDSA Arena with 7 performances from the 22nd – 26th August 2018 in the venue’s intimate theatre style Steel Hall setting.
Cirque Du Soleil is delighted to announce a brand-new UK arena tour with OVO. OVO, a celebration of nature and co-existence will bring its fun-filled production for the whole family to arenas around the country. The arena tour will then play 7 performances in Sheffield.
The cast of OVO is comprised of 50 performing artists from 17 countries specialising in many acrobatic acts.

================



======= Instance Index 5601 =========
Input Text: Context: Addison was dating Skylar, he asked for Skylar's hand in marriage and Skylar said yes so when their parents came to visit Addison called them into Skylar's office to tell them.

Question: What will Skylar want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: smile in celebration

B: assure his parents of his upcoming marriage

C: thank Addison for the proposal

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 69.475716
Retrieved Text: A force of evil surrounds him.
"NO!" Skylar yelled sitting up in his bed. "Another bloody dream" He thought to himself. Well these had actually been nightmares, but not those fictional nightmares normal people had, no, these were events that actually happened. Skylar's mother dying at childbirth. Then every once in awhile Skylar would have a dream about what seemed to be the future a guy in a cloak, this guy seemed like he was evil like looking at death itself, this guy, looked like Skylar. Skylar wasn't certain though he never thought of himsell killing people like the guy in the dream did.
Skylar got out of bed threw on a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt and headed out of the dorms. Right as he reached the door Sky stopped, turned around, and went to grab his cloak then headed back outside to the Slytherin Common Room. There he grab a couple of cookies off the table and headed out of the Common Room.
Sneaking his was past a couple of professors, Skylar finally, made it to the Great Hall and then went outside. He took a breath in of the fresh air of the night. He looked up at the sky, no stars, it was rather cloudy and was suggesting rain. Earlier that day, it had poured like none other, then stopped about dinner time.
Skylar headed towards the lake and his normal sitting place, an oddly shaped rock that was right on the opposite side of the lake. Once there, Skylar climbed up on

########
Rank: 1
Score: 63.0609
Retrieved Text: Summer-Glau.com Forum » Filmography » Other movies/shows » Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish and let Zoe be used by Red Flag?
At the end of Alphas season 2 episode 6 'Alphaville', Skylar escapes with her daughter Zoe and is later approached by Stanton Parish himself. He offers Skylar "to help make the world a better place" by providing "an environment that child like Zoe and Skylar herself can shrive in".
Will she join him and let her daughter's power become a tool of Red Flag? Take the poll!
It's hard to say. The situation is complex.
Frankly, I think Skylar just wants to be left alone to raise Zoe without interference but with the support of a community.
She lost that community in 2x06 and she has no reason to trust Parish after his lackey's destroyed it.
Given her issues with Rosen, I doubt she'd turn to him or his group.
I would say she would probably strike out on her own again, but we already know she's returning for two more episodes so that doesn't seem likely.
So like I said, it's complex. I'll wait and see where the series takes us to find out.
Oh yeah! I hope she zaps Parish. I really hate assholes who go about acting all gentrified when in truth all they want is power and destruction.
You make good points Russell.
We know that, as hard she'd like to avoid all this, she'll be involved in the latest episodes.
She turned

########
Rank: 2
Score: 60.282673
Retrieved Text: Location : Stalker much? but if you must know, behind you.
Benjamin watched the dog bow. "Hello, Skylar. If you're looking for a pack, you've found the right place. I allow you to join." Benjamin said. Jackie perked her ears at the words "i allow you to join." Without thinking, she trotted over to the territory line where Benjamin and Shattered were. "Hello!" Jackie yipped, her tail swaying. Shattered gave her a weird look and Benjamin glared at her. "Umm.... bye." Jackie said, slowly inching back to her rock. You're an idiot! Jackie thought, very embarrassed by her actions. Meanwhile, Serenity saw the whole thing. The stranger bowing, Benjamin saying something, Jackie prancing over to them then going back to her rock. Serenity's eyes switched from wolf to wolf. Benjamin, Shattered, the stranger who looked like a dark ghost, Jackie. Serenity looked up at the mystical sun that was partly covered by small, puffy clouds. She sighed and waited for something to happen.
Midnight dashed a look in every direction then she saw them three males standing at what she did think as the pack boarder she walked over appearing behind the black male and acting no diffrent from how she did when alone. Midnight bowed only slightly because of her hurt paw and the large gash on her side the bow hurt it quite a bit but not enough to make her yelp. "Hello I am Midnight and i would love to join your pack with the alpha's approval."
Benjamin nodded sagely. "You both may join." He said,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 55.780296
Retrieved Text: I fellasleep for a few short minutes and woke up by Scarlett nudging me "hm?....What?" We landed Scarlett didn't look to good "Ya alright?" I stood up more on my seat "Uh....Yeah Skylar snores in his sleep though" She said I couldn't help but chuckle at this "I figured where is he?" I looked around the helicopter no one was there Scarlett grabbed my wrist "This is all your fault ya know...." She said My eyes were staring stright at her Her face looked..... diffrent. "What?" I stood up did she really just say that? I mean I was talking to Scarlett wasn't I? "Your nothing but a monster" She was staring at the ground her eyes seemed lost "What are you saying Scar- Something made my eyes stare at the floor there was blood everywhere......Three men Scattered across the ground including the sergant, They were all dead. I backed away from the scene I looked past Scarlett I covered my mouth with the sight befor me Skylar was in his sit....with his throat slit I felt the tears rushing down my face "oh my god...." I said "you did it in your sleep" Scarlett said she stood up she had four stabs in her stomach "I tried to fight you off but you got me right here" She held her stomach "Scarlett....." I was terrified I finally noticed the blood all over my shirt "I'm so sorry" I said Scarlett was coming closer "I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry!!!" I screeched I kept apoligizing until

########
Rank: 4
Score: 55.54517
Retrieved Text: For Drew Lawson, there isn't anyone else as undeniably off-limits as the addictively sweet, mind-wreckingly beautiful Skylar Sullivan. Hell, she's the very definition of the girl-next-door do-gooder. And while he is officially classified as a white hat hacker by the suit-wearing folks who keep track of that sort of thing, no one would ever say that hat of his is exactly pristine.
So when Skylar's arrival at his doorstep on the roughest night of the year for him every year leads to a downright memorable hotel mishap, an impromptu winter road trip, and the discovery of a secret that could change how she sees him forever, Drew is convinced the universe is on some kind of convoluted mission to thaw his cold, jaded heart.
...Because, lordy, they've certainly sent in a ringer to get the job done right.
Before That Promise is a quick & emotional, short & sweet crossover holiday novella starring two of my favorite secondary characters -- Skylar Sullivan from my Can't Resist series, all grown up, and Drew Lawson from my Cactus Creek series, as swoonworthy as ever (no worries, you don't have to have read either of those series). There's a HFN (happily-for-now) ending, with the second book in this duet (Every Promise Unspoken) picking up a few years down the line for this utterly meant to be couple.
NOTE: Book Two will be released after Violet's medical prognosis improves (she's been on medical leave since January 2017 receiving aggressive new treatments and surgeries for multiple failing organs). We're hopeful that these treatments take and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 55.5147
Retrieved Text: That moment when the image of Skylar's gorgeous bolero appeared in front of me, I knew this Chesapeake bridal session was going to be a gem to share. Bride Skylar contacted Sarah of Sarah Street Photography only a few short weeks before her wedding. She wasn't originally going to have bridals taken (it was almost as if she had read into the future and saw our Tuesday Tidbits on Bridal Portraits!), but she wanted to have no regrets as there aren't very many times you can wear a bridal gown!
At the ripe temperature of 35 degrees, it was a very cold afternoon, but you would have never known it by how radiant Skylar looked. Between her family friend's farm, the gown, soft wintry bolero, and her Badgley Mischka heels, she was picture perfect.
Skylar and her hubby were married late November in Williamsburg, so we wish them much happiness as newlyweds!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 55.378307
Retrieved Text: In Tennessee, The Leaf Chronicle reports that Girl Scout Skylar Hughes is turning a very tragic situation into a public awareness campaign while working toward earning her Girl Scout Gold Award.
Skylar's former Middle School physical education teacher Kathryn “Katy” Elizabeth Over and her husband Jonathan Michael Over died along with three others – Timothy Bryan Stone, James Franklin Wall II and Wall’s girlfriend Allison Elizabeth Bagwell-Wyatt – in a carbon monoxide poisoning accident while attending last year’s Leslie W. Watson Memorial Toy Run at the Clarksville Speedway.
All five were found dead in a recreational vehicle the Sunday morning of the festival weekend. The Tennessee medical examiner found over 45 percent carbon monoxide saturation levels in their blood.
The carbon monoxide awareness flier talks about the “invisible killer,” how it is an odorless, colorless and tasteless gas. It explains what can cause the gas, shows a chart of a home and where the potential sources are, and finally what you can do to prevent and be aware of gases. Skylar presented these fliers at Green Day Clarksville.
Next, she got in touch with Roy Gregory, Executive Director of University Advancement at Austin Peay State University, and through Gregory and her mother, she set up a scholarship for those wanting to go into health and human performance as a career – Katy’s degree.
Skylar eventually got in touch with Clarksville Mayor Kim McMillan, Montgomery County Mayor Carolyn Bowers, state Rep. Joe Pitts and state Sen. Tim Barnes.
Pitts said Skylar approached Barnes and himself and asked how the community might honor the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 54.88119
Retrieved Text: SHE’S THE ULTIMATE WEAPON IN FIGHTING DESTINY.
New York Times and USA Today bestselling author Suzanne Brockmann and her daughter Melanie Brockmann have written a pulse-pounding novel of paranormal suspense set in a near future both fantastic and frightening.
I was a little nervous about this one when I got the email blast from Sourcefire to have the opporunity to review this one. It is called a "paranormal suspense" but I would say it leans more towards science fiction, so don't let that fool you into thinking this book isn't for you. It was actually a lot better than I was anticipating because it didn't have all the elements of your typical "Girl Finds Out She Has Superpowers" type deal.
I really liked Skylar. I thought she was pretty cool -- the type of person I'd want to be friends with if they were real. She took her responsibilities seriously and wanted to do the right thing by Sasha and her family. I liked that Skylar saw Sasha almost as a little sister. I also liked that she was JUST friends with Calvin. I liked that their relationship wasn't defined by them wanting each other but not doing anything about it. While I do think Calvin has feelings for Skylar, she just sees him as a brother-type individual. This was SO REFRESHING. Actually, Calvin's character in general was refreshing: a disabled, poc character who was right in the mix of things. Skylar was always adamant about him coming along, whether it be to the training sessions or to the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 54.58765
Retrieved Text: Our Christmas party -- held at Skylar's request, partially because she wanted to wear a fancy velvet dress -- is several hours in the past. But seeing the remaining dishes has revived the evening's impressions.
kdotdammit and I both remarked how much we like our friends, particularly when they interact with people they don't know as well. It's a test of something, what we want to test for.
Items of note included Kim's risotto; Eric doing his higher octave version of "Thunder Road;" Alice hinting that I should leave her and Skylar alone by saying, "It would be nice to, like, be alone;" Hannah and Alice rushing to Skylar's aid with feel-better jewelry after she took a spill; Laura's mulled wine (which I preferred before the addition of the forgotten sugar); Jesse rocking out on the little kid's guitar; Laurie not making me wash the plastic cups; the kids sitting around the chimenea, ever so cute; Susan and Richard's awesome gift to me of a George W. Bush "aviator" doll; David playing "Jingle Bells" for all; Joanna's new MLA haircut; Chris's impeturbabilty when Des and Trav were flailing about him; the little "scary" doll things that elizabeg brought for Skylar and Kim; Richard having a few too many chocolate-covered raisins; Michael and Eric talking philosophy; Elliot's immersion in the world of iPod; Sean's Delta blues impression on the little kid's guitar; Lina's question about smoking when Sean's adviser was present; Beth's cake-bread thing that Kim is now eating; Sara and Yuanyuan talking about music; Skylar and Trav taking

########
Rank: 9
Score: 54.55902
Retrieved Text: After divorce has a horny housewife to find gratifying. Dating? She embarks on a relationship without the fifty shades of carrick grey relationships. Mia grey star is exploring meredith's dating is important when april is awkward when the best dating a fantastic body with you? Eric dane is drake traded rihanna for single her loren gray is said to a new journey to play anastasia steele and pressure to date. Loren grey. Over 40. Jamie dornan a relationship without the summer. Know musical. Plus, the eighth-grade gurglings of those names sound good last on a concept built around no doubt about this. Skylar grey, one writer reveals to be master or have been dating app whiplr. Once, gossip, ex girlfriends; who matthew hitt.
Mia grey and good-looking. Take our fifty shades of grey's anatomy. Grey, in 50 shades of love to Click Here but when forced to have a lot of age. Grey's anatomy: things get over the mag. How to be with joey kisluk, i used 'fifty shades' lines on a dating: greenland. Skylar grey news, skylar grey. She wants to be known worldwide as the mag. To find love to help you? June 1 upi - and pressure to 320 8c lower line and more! I used 'fifty shades' lines on a concept built around no authentic records of grey, others are starting over, m. How to page. Take our fifty shades darker and ready to be ready to be honest. This quiz and boyfriends.
Watch grey's anatomy fans will test the tragicomic shoals of her

########
Rank: 10
Score: 54.46905
Retrieved Text: I'm headed off soon to the much-anticipated Cracker + Camper Van Beethoven show, for which I did the feature in Phoenix New Times.
It will probably go late, which means it's lucky that Skylar's surgery tomorrow was pushed back an hour.
After voting this afternoon -- Kim and I just brought Skylar into the polling station -- for John Kerry -- a practical decision, we think -- we came home to have a family dinner and rest.
Kim sent me next door to her parents to get an onion, which led to me getting in a conversation with them about politics. Thank G-d that they are Democrats. I have an increasingly hard time even looking at Republicans. I mean, the Democrats have problems. But this is the worst President we've had in our nation's history, by far.
On the way out of their door, I tripped over one of their "Malibu lights" -- a real term, apparently -- because I was blown away by the rain-swept blush of the sky.
I rushed home, picked up Skylar, and carried her outside to see the sunset, Kim following close behind.
Believe it or not, we get sunsets nearly this nice several times a week during the two seasons of potential rain, mid-winter and the monsoon.
I used to be dumbfounded by the people around me on BART who couldn't be bothered to look out the train window to see the spectacular sunsets over the Golden Gate as we travelled between El Cerrito and El Cerrito Del Norte stations.
I'm so, so glad that my five-year-old has

########
Rank: 11
Score: 53.65411
Retrieved Text: A portrait of Skylar Neese, a bubbly 16-year-old from West Virginia.
Skylar Neese was a 16-year-old honor student with a bright future. She loved to read, had an active social life and, like most teens, was all about posting her thoughts on social media. Sklar also never missed a day of work at her part-time job at a local Wendy’s. But on July 6, 2012, Skylar snuck out of her bedroom window to meet up with her two best friends Shelia Eddy and Rachel Shoaf.
When Skylar snuck out of her room on that July night, she had gone to meet her two best friends, Shelia Eddy and Rachel Shoaf. The three attended University High School school together just north of Morgantown. Skylar had known Eddy since she was eight years old and Eddy had met Shoaf their freshman year.
The trio were inseparable and Skylar allegedly served as an emotional rock for the other two girls, as both Eddy and Shoaf came from parents of divorce. Skylar was an only child and her parents wanted everything for her. They nurtured her intelligence and encouraged her to be her own person.
Shoaf, on the other hand, was the opposite of Eddy. Though she was well-liked and enjoyed being in school plays, she came from a strict Catholic family and idolized Eddy for her somewhat wild and free attitude.
Skylar Neese, right, beside Rachel Shoaf, middle, and Shelia Eddy on the left.
While Shoaf and Neese enjoyed the freedom that Eddy represented, that particular dynamic would spell trouble for Neese.
Another tweet from that

########
Rank: 12
Score: 52.92706
Retrieved Text: Today I want to continue the story of the three little rescue Doberman puppies that we took on in April last year. In the photos in this post, Princess and Lily are about ten weeks old and they were taken in the last four days when we had both puppies. Elsa, the third puppy, was already adopted out to someone who looked she was giving her a good home.
At that point, the two remaining puppies were relentless in their desire to play with Skylar, our red adult Dobie boy, who was mostly a good sport and put up with them.
Here Skylar is wrestling with Lily, do you see how he is holding her down with his right front leg? Of course, Princess wants to be part of the game, too.
Lily found a way to free herself from Skylar's grip.
...but somehow bugging Skylar was even more fun.
Often all three dogs loved involving their humans into their play as well. Yes, these are famous Doberman teeth!
Sometimes it pays off to hide between the legs of the master.
...and most often ready to join the action.
Lily proudly claiming a garden chair.
...which worked for a moment: She is rolling on her back and showing her belly in submission towards him.
Little Lily practicing the "Doberman attitude".
Lily: "You don't want to play with me anymore?"
Lily: "Hah, I know there was a way to get you engaged again."
But sometimes even the puppies had enough from their play and climbed on their master's warm legs to rest and relax.
Or, for even more comfort they climbed

########
Rank: 13
Score: 52.620663
Retrieved Text: This page added on April 1, 2001.
The outdoor pix were from Skylar's Birthday get together. The indoor pix are from around Xmas when Skylar stayed with us for a night.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 51.690544
Retrieved Text: Listen To Pitbull & Skylar Grey's "Aquaman" Soundtrack Songs!
Critics are saying the “Aquaman” movie that hits theaters next week is going to tank in the box office. But even if “Aquaman” proves to be another disaster for DC, we would at least have gotten something good of out of it. What? Pitbull and Skylar Grey's new songs. The “Aquaman” soundtrack album got released today and out of all the tracks, the ones by Mr Worldwide and the former Eminem protégée are the only that are not instrumentals. Hmm, was the budget too tight or what?
Pitbull’s song is “Ocean to Ocean" and it is an upbeat, feel-good record that samples Toto's legendary hit “Africa”.
Skylar Grey's song is “Everything I Need” (what a fitting title) and it is a beautiful piano ballad. I had actually forgotten how much I liked Skylar's voice. I hope she's able to pull a comeback in the near future. She's super talented.
Which of the two is your favorite?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 51.45492
Retrieved Text: ... found over at A Little Bit of This and That. Skylar taught me how to make a "spiral" friendship bracelet! Most girls probably learn this technique when they are Skylar's age, but I didn't and I've always wanted to learn! Thanks, Skylar!
I learned from a Crafty Mommy over at Ali.Lilly! Thank you, Ami for sharing this wonderful tutorial! And welcome (back) to Texas!
...found while commenting on one of Sandy Ang's beautiful cards. Having spotted the "most viewed ever" link on her sidebar I just had to check out her beautiful Kusudama Flower Bookmark. The real gem was this link I found on her tutorial page.
Folding Trees (the best tutorials and paper creations online) is no longer an active blog, but in their own words "...we have compiled a valuable resource as a source of inspiration and tutorials, and we hope you’ll continue to visit us..." Well, June and Eve, you can count on me visiting often and I am thrilled to have found you!
I've been inspired to combine these two "techniques" in some ways I think you'll find appealing. I'll be sharing them with you soon!
Which is the same as the one above, but a different layout. The colors are custom colors I entered into the Wordle site. Cool, eh?
The custom coloring on this one I did myself in Photoshop. I made an anniversary card for my friend's using their names, adjectives describing them and their marriage, and proper nouns of the things they like - they loved it! My mind is just spinning with

########
Rank: 16
Score: 51.298782
Retrieved Text: Skylar is watching Hayao Miyazaki's Spirited Away in the front room. She has been getting increasingly interested in anime and manga lately, with Studio Ghibli's releases at the top of her list. I find repeat viewing of Miyazaki's films very rewarding because, in addition to being spectacularly beautiful examples of the animator's art, they are astonishingly complex from a narrative standpoint. His plots consistently manage to evade the ruts in which films aimed at both children and adults usually get bogged down.
And I think that's good for the people who watch them. The other day Skylar recounted a dream that she'd had the night before, which she said she'd remembered well because it was so strange. In it, she was on the playground at school. The boys, though, appeared in the shape of dogs. And she herself was not human, but, in her words, "a smoke spirit." Only her best friend looked and acted like herself.
"There were these little copies of paintings. She needed to go through the one that looks like the Mona Lisa, but the only way she could do it was if she cried," Skylar noted. "Because she was laughing, other paintings were there instead. I kept trying to make her cry, so she could go through the Mona Lisa." Eventually, passage through this unlikely portal was achieved and both Skylar and her best friend found themselves in the Louvre.
"There was a big costume party going on," she continued. "The weird part was that there was this yellow and white beehive hairdo I

########
Rank: 17
Score: 50.400917
Retrieved Text: Casting an online promotion for a legal defense service offered across the U.S.
Must defend her innocence in the defense of her family's life.
Must keep his family together while his wife, Amanda, faces a long and difficult criminal trial.
Marty's family is in turmoil, and he must put on a brave face for his little sister.
One tough cookie, and she stands tall as her family faces obstacles they never thought they'd encounter.
Helen's daughter is in trouble with the law, and she steps up to help her grandchildren cope.
Has always been tough on his daughter, so when she finds herself on trial for self-defense, he is torn between pride and terror.
Has been on the police force for a long time, and must get to the bottom of a disturbing case before time runs out.
Males must have roughly 34 inch waist OR 44 inch waist.
Females must have roughly 38 inch bust, 32 inch waist.
Spent most of his life in prison, and is on the hunt for easy money when life gives him Skylar and Ricky.
Skylar's young existence has been rough, and she intends to make headlines one way or another, until a thirst for revenge drives her to even darker places.
Ricky's life of crime culminates in a tragic end that leaves his girlfriend, Skylar, on the hunt for revenge.
Dr. Lizer's job is to find and extract justice at all costs, and this time the right side of the line is hard to find.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 50.299107
Retrieved Text: A secretive hacktivist group named KAOS seemingly hacks whatever program the viewer has been watching. The audience is told that what they are about to view is top secret video footage found hidden in the Edward Snowden files. As the footage begins, the audience is introduced to four high school seniors, twin brother and sister, Skylar and Dakota, and Skylar's boyfriend Corey and Dakota’s boyfriend Tren. They are heading to the mountains to go camping for a long weekend. Skylar, being an aspiring vlogger with his own YouTube Channel, has enlisted his sister and their boyfriends to record the entire weekend on their mobile devices. After they notice strange lights in the sky, unexplainable events begin to unfold. The tensions rise as they struggle to remain sane and safe and race to figure out what is happening and how to escape just as the film comes to a climatic and shocking finale.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 49.769844
Retrieved Text: 10 years ago, Skylar’s dad left her without explanation, and whenever she tried asking her mum for the answer, she wouldn’t tell her. Now 18 years old Skylar all grown up and ready to go to college. But before starting her first semester, Skylar went away to her cousin’s house, Kayla, for a summer holiday. While on her way there, she was stopped by a gorgeous cop for a random check and was immediately attracted to him but didn’t do anything about it, except noted on his name – Doug.
Kayla’s mum owned a restaurant, and due to short of staff, Skylar offered to help, and that’s when she saw the cop again. However, he didn’t acknowledge her, and he was also using a different name – Mason. Skylar was confused, and when Nick, Mason’s brother invited Kayla and her to a beach party, she agreed, she thought it would be a great chance to find out more, but what she didn’t realise that it was the beginning of her dangerous discovery.
Mason was surprised that Skylar remembered him despite having her memory wiped. He was intrigued by it and also felt something was special about her, so he kept a close eye on her. It was lucky that he did because Skylar was almost drowned on the beach. Besides noticing that Skylar was able to see the Vultures, Mason also was curious about how she managed to kill his Demigod brother. While discovering the truth, protecting and being so close to her, Mason’s wall surrounding his heart

########
Rank: 20
Score: 49.297356
Retrieved Text: Sometimes you read a book that just makes you feel ALL THE FEELINGS for every single character and I’ll Meet You There was definitely that kind of book for me.
Most of the time I was as confused about Josh as Skylar was. He could be this swoon-worthy, caring, attentive, protective guy one day and the next be a complete douchebag. But honestly, aren’t most guys like that? I certainly remember a few from my younger days. But I think Josh just struggled with wanting to do the right thing by Skylar, which meant lots of push and pull with these two, but it’s what makes them come out a strong pair in the end. The growth of their relationship made me swoon at times but it also made me cry. It was so worth it by the end though.
I think their individual struggles broke my heart more though. The moments when Skylar has no money for food… it still makes me tear up. I can’t say I’ll ever quite forgive her mom for anything. When Josh’s thoughts veered to guilt and blame and worthlessness, I wanted to reach in and hug him so tight. These two had it rough.
Josh and Skylar’s town was incredibly familiar for me because I lived the first 8 years of my life migrating between Mexico and Shafter/Wasco, California. My parents were migrant workers who worked in the grape fields in the summers. Those one-highway towns are between Bakersfield and Fresno, California. Heather Demetrios vividly took me back there. I couldn’t help

########
Rank: 21
Score: 49.261406
Retrieved Text: **SAFE 09/29/15** Smoky grey baby girl SKYLAR is only about 13 weeks old and she has been at the ACC for much of September. She had some swelling on her face when she arrived, and must be FAR more beautiful in person than her intake photo shows. Yep, they have had her at the shelter since the 10th and not only did they leave her with a crappy picture, but they couldn’t figure out how to find SKYLAR a home. This BABY dies at the hands of a broken shelter system tomorrow, unless a FOSTER or ADOPTER steps up for her tonight!
I am a female gray domestic sh mix. The shelter thinks I am about 13 WEEKS old.
I came in the shelter as a STRAY on 09/10/2015 from NY 11212, owner surrender reason stated was STRAY.
09/23/2015 Exam Type CAGE EXAM – Medical Rating is 3 C – MAJOR CONDITIONS , Behavior Rating is NONE, Weight 2.1 LBS.
09/10/15 15:20 Skylar is an all gray female cat who was brought in as a stray to ACC today. Skylar appears healthy but will undergo a physical health exam. She was nervous and excitable during the Intake process. Skylar allowed herself to be transferred into a new carrier with minimal effort. Skylar fled and hid when an attempt was made to collar and photograph her. When she was caught and in a calmer state she did allow herself to be collared and photographed.
Skylar was brought in as a stray, so we cannot speak to her behavior in her previous home.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.191322
Retrieved Text: parenting | I am JuJu!
This morning was no different. The morning started off well. Skylar woke up in a pretty good mood which was awesome! After I wake her up, I wait to see what her response is going to be. Some mornings she says “Uggghh! I didn’t sleep well at all!” or “It is 6:34 mom! You woke me up 4 minutes late!” Those mornings I just brace myself for the roller coaster ride that will be our morning. This morning she said “Hi mom! How was your bunco?” I played bunco last night and she was already asleep when I got home. I was thrilled that she woke up in a good mood as I know that our morning should go a bit smoother.
Hailey: You can’t take your medicine before you eat! What are you thinking?
Skylar: Hailey! How dare you speak to me like that! You are not my mother!
Hailey: Shame on you Skylar. Don’t ever speak to me like that.
Skylar: Mom!!! Hailey is being rude to me!
Me: Seriously? Both of you cut it out. Skylar, finish getting ready. Hailey, stop telling Skylar what to do. Your dad and I have it under control.
Hailey: Clearly, she needs more help mom!
Oh my! I’m not sure why, but Hailey has taken it upon herself to be an additional parent figure to Skylar, which Skylar absolutely can’t stand. I feel like a broken record that constantly repeats “Hailey, quit bossing your sister around. Hailey, we are taking care of it. Hailey, stop parenting Skylar”. I must say

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.179684
Retrieved Text: Everyone loves Skylar Whitfield, Greendown Couty's winsome charmer. He has innate sexiness that makes women smile. But he doesn't make his cousin Jonathan smile. Jonathan's a Harvard preppy gracing the South for the first time and he has a hard time with Skylar's penchant for hot summer nights, long-legged women and southern masculinity. Skylar has an equal distaste for Jonathan's presumptions, snobbery and northern propriety.
Hired by a wealthy family to locate their teenage daughter, Sunny Randall, a former cop turned Boston P.I., soon finds herself the bodyguard for a difficult teenager who refuses to return to her family. But before long, Sunny is facing greater problems than she ever imagined including a criminal conspiracy that reaches to the top of the state government.
Young Fletch is less than pleased to be writing a business story, something that's well outside his field of expertise. Eager to get back out on the streets, he quickly compiles what he thinks is a well-executed article, complete with quotes from the chairman of the board's recent memos. But when he fails to do his due diligence when researching the company and its associates, he finds himself in hot water...and now out of a job. The chairman has been dead for more than a year.
Realizing his mistake, he visits the widow, Bradley, to make amends - and to ask a few simple questions. But her strange demeanor and puzzling answers leave Fletch perplexed. He can't help but wonder: Why would a dead man still be writing memos to his associates? Is he even

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.075615
Retrieved Text: When 16-year-old Skylar Neese snuck out of her Star City, W.Va., home after midnight on July 6, 2012, she never returned.
Six months after her disappearance, one of Neese's best friends from high school, Rachel Shoaf, 16, confessed to authorities that she had stabbed Neese to death with their other friend, Sheila Eddy, 17, and then led police to Neese's remains in a wooded area over the Pennsylvania state line.
On Jan. 24, 2014, Eddy pleaded guilty to first-degree murder for her role in Skylar's death and was sentenced to life in prison. Shoaf was sentenced to 30 years the following month. Both were charged as adults.
Prior to Shoaf's confession, Neese's parents and the police had frantically searched for answers in her disappearance. Up until that point, Shoaf and Eddy, the last people to see Neese alive, had denied knowing what had happened to their friend.
The three high school sophomores had been inseparable, but in the days leading up to her death, Neese's Twitter account showed that something had gone awry. On July 4, 2012, two days before she was murdered, Neese tweeted "it really doesn't take much to p*** me off" and "sick of being at f****** home. Thanks "friends," love hanging out with you all too." The day before she was killed, Neese tweeted, "you doing s*** like that is why I can NEVER completely trust you."
Neese's last tweet, sent out hours before she snuck out of her bedroom window after midnight on July 6, 2012, was a retweet from a friend who had posted, "All

########
Rank: 25
Score: 48.593678
Retrieved Text: “Class,” said the old teacher in a nasally voice, “we have a new student today, Cletus,” he turned to the 12-year-old boy next to him.
Cletus looked around the classroom nervously.
Oh, thought Cletus, that’s an easy one.
“I come from the land where the mullet attacks,” he said with a bit more confidence. He heard a few sniggers around the classroom.
Mr. Woodings sighed. Another jokester, he thought to himself. He decided to give it another go.
“What do your parents do?” he asked Cletus. The young, Texan boy looked down at his feet, knowing that Mr. Woodings wouldn’t like his answer.
Mr. Woodings was starting to get annoyed. There were more sniggers, mixed in with outright laughter. It wasn’t very often that the group of 7th graders got to hear jokes in Mr. Woodings’s boring history class. Cletus noticed that there was only one person who wasn’t laughing, besides Mr. Woodings. A girl in the back of the class, who had a confused expression on her face, was pressing buttons on what looked like a cell phone. Noticing that Cletus had seen her, she quickly put the phone away.
After going to the principal’s office and having a long talk about “how things are done” here at Lost Mesa Middle School, Cletus sat in lunch alone. Fuming about how nobody believed him, he tore at his slice of pepperoni pizza with his teeth. It bummed him out that there wasn’t any garlic on it. Mikey had always put garlic on any pizza that he made for the rest of them. After

########
Rank: 26
Score: 47.70556
Retrieved Text: May 3, 2006 | Ever tried calming a crying child to only worsen his or her shrieking? Ever sat wondering what thoughts wondered through that toddler's head? Well, those mysteries are unraveling for some parents.
Using baby sign language, parents are able to communicate with their children before they speak. The language once used to communicate within the deaf community is now benefitting hearing parents and their children.
Bert and Lisa Larsen began teaching ther now 3-year-old son, Skylar, when he was about 7 months old. At first they would sign to him and he would only mimic them. Then at about 10 months he started signing what he wanted and needed.
"It was great that he could ask for things he couldn't say," Bert said.
The Larsens taught Skylar American Sign Language (ASL) without a baby sign language organization or classes. Bert has nine years experience while Lisa has 10.
"We figured we both have enough experience with ASL and deaf culture," Lisa said. "We are trusting our instincts on this one."
Lisa also said that they did not want Skylar learning different signs than ASL. They want him to be able to use his sing language when he is older and have people in the deaf community understand him.
To teach Skylar they picked a simple sign like "mom" and would constantly repeat the sign until he could repeat it. Then they would start teaching him a new sign like "milk" whie still using the old sign as well.
Other than repetition they only used "a book that has pictures of little

########
Rank: 27
Score: 47.678173
Retrieved Text: This recipient story requires two introductions because you will not find one without the other.
Everyone, meet Skylar and Yaston. Sklyar is an incredibly strong thirteen-year-old who has suffered from an incurable mitochondrial disease since she was five years old. Yaston is her devoted service dog who has been by Skylar’s side for over four years now.
Mitochondrial disease is a chronic, genetic disorder that occurs when the mitochondria of the cell fail to produce enough energy for proper cell or organ function. It can cause loss of muscle weakness, pain, gastrointestinal issues, organ failure and more. For Skylar, she is often weak and in pain and the disease has also caused her small and large intestines to fail. For the past two years, she has gotten all of her nutrients through tubes connected to her small intestine. Countless tests, doctor visits, and hospitalizations have helped Skylar survive, but it is Yaston who helps her to endure.
The process is clearly no walk in the park and she is often confined to her home with her loyal companion. But, Yaston can do without walks in the park. All he needs is to be by Skylar’s side, whether it’s in her bedroom or on a hospital bed. He is always there to comfort her.
Recently, Skylar and Yaston have had to alternate their roles. Yaston has been experiencing severe kidney issues that have required multiple surgeries and still requires more. The added stress and fear of losing her best friend has worsened Skylar’s condition, but she is there for her furry

########
Rank: 28
Score: 47.349106
Retrieved Text: Featuring on this weeks ‪#‎ThrowbackThrusday‬ is My Skylar by Penelope Ward. This was one of those books I thought I needed a therapy to get over it! This was most ANGST and POWERFUL LOVE STORY I have read in a long time, making my heart cry in that process. 'Loving someone too much causes insufferable pain’ should have been the tag line for this book that’s how it was for Mitch and Skylar-Best friends, confidant, strong lovers, centre of their universe and mostly soulmates but they still saw their relationship falling apart.
It’s mostly because of the blurb I read this ASAP. There is no need for spoiler’s the blurb says it all! So I jumped in to find out what “How did he lose her FOREVER” ???
Mitch met Skylar when he was staying with his grandmother during a summer when they were 11 and 10. They bonded over the common grounds that both their parents are separated. Since then they became each other’s rock. They reunite after five years and now their relationship is stronger than ever, with growing feeling for each other they never cross the friend zone with the fear of repeating their parent’s mistake and losing their friendship until their first KISS. Their love was indestructible, the kind which makes your heart fill with warmth, hope and desire.
“How do you know there's a god?”.
Mitch and Skylar are the characters you immediately fall in love, it goes without saying that I was totally engrossed with their story and connected with them right from the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 47.226704
Retrieved Text: Breaking Bad: "4 Days Out"
You know what would be a good slogan for a water company? "Water. Clearly." Can't take credit for that one — it's a Noel Murray original. But it came to mind as a good synopsis for this water-themed episode. "4 Days Out" is also one of those locked-room eps that BB stages from time to time: Krazy 8 In The Basement and Hostage In Tuco's Living Room are other examples. Almost everything stops while our heroes have to solve one pressing, life or death problem. The world stops, and survival is on the line. In the annals of those episodes, "4 Days Out" ranks right at the top. It's another brilliant example of how a crisis both illuminates our protagonists' characters — and changes them.
Water flows from a tap in the medical center waiting room while Walter and the whole White support team wait for his PET-CT scan to find out his cancer responded to chemotherapy. Marie takes the opportunity to vent the usual nurses-know-just-as-much-as-doctors rant, and offers to read his scan for a lot less than his fancy doctor is going to charge. And even though Skylar gives a thin-lipped refusal, Walter can't resist asking the technician for his opinion after he gets out of the machine. What he sees in the reflection of the screen (on an glass-framed Outer Banks travel poster) makes him believe he knows the answer already: A big white mass sitting squarely in one lung = Not much time left to make the big bucks. Especially

================



======= Instance Index 26289 =========
Input Text: Context: Bailey stopped in front of Riley. Riley looked up to Bailey but Bailey harldly ever spoke to him.

Question: How would Riley feel as a result?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: like their own person

B: somewhat apathetic

C: somewhat surprised

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 69.469894
Retrieved Text: Bailey Cooper ‘did everything he set out to do’ and lived long enough to meet his baby sister, Millie.
It’s been over a year since Bailey Cooper died at age 9 of non-Hodgkins lymphoma. But in the months since his death, Bailey’s memory — and the story of his love for his baby sister — have lived on.
Bailey was diagnosed in 2016, at age 8. After his chemotherapy treatments and a relapse, the Coopers, who also have a son, Riley, now 8, learned Rachel was pregnant.
“Bailey was absolutely over the moon when we told him the news, as he was going through chemotherapy again after his first relapse,” Lee Cooper, Bailey’s dad, told TODAY Parents.
As Bailey continued his battle with cancer, he would suggest baby names in the car en route to treatments. When he came up with the name Millie, Lee and Rachel were sold.
“When we broke the news after his second relapse that he wasn’t going to survive the cancer, one of the first things he asked was if he was going to meet his baby sister before going to heaven,” said Cooper.
Bailey did survive to meet baby Millie, who was born on November 30, 2017.
Bailey died a few weeks after Millie’s birth, on December 24, 2017, in a hospice facility near his Bristol, United Kingdom home. Cooper his family stayed by Bailey’s bedside, keeping him comfortable, playing his favorite music and making sure he knew he was not alone in his final moments.
Cooper says his family will work hard to remind both Millie, who

########
Rank: 1
Score: 64.21961
Retrieved Text: MOLINA, Leah singled to first base.
BUTTACAVOLI, Brina walked; PLOGGER, Riley advanced to second; MOLINA, Leah advanced to third.
AARHUS, Amee walked, RBI; BUTTACAVOLI, Brina advanced to second; PLOGGER, Riley advanced to third; MOLINA, Leah scored.
WILLIAMSON, Joely walked, RBI; AARHUS, Amee advanced to second; BUTTACAVOLI, Brina advanced to third; PLOGGER, Riley scored.
LEWIS, Bailey doubled to left field, 2 RBI; WILLIAMSON, Joely advanced to third, out at home lf to ss to c; AARHUS, Amee scored; BUTTACAVOLI, Brina scored.
AGUON, Anna hit by pitch.
MOLINA, Leah singled to left center; TRAPP, Bailee advanced to third.
PLOGGER, Riley flied out to rf, sacrifice fly, RBI; MOLINA, Leah advanced to third; TRAPP, Bailee scored.
MARTINEZ, Jenelle singled up the middle.
AARHUS, Amee doubled to left center.
LEWIS, Bailey singled, advanced to second on an error by lf, RBI; AARHUS, Amee scored.
FIELDER, Kayla pinch ran for LEWIS, Bailey.
CLARKE, Jazmin singled to third base; TRAPP, Bailee advanced to second; FIELDER, Kayla advanced to third.
LEWIS, Bailey to c for FIELDER, Kayla.
JEW, Leandra hit by pitch.
AGUON, Anna reached first on an error by ss; JEW, Leandra advanced to second.
AARHUS, Amee singled to left field.
AARHUS, Amee advanced to second on a wild pitch.
WILLIAMSON, Joely singled through the left side, RBI; AARHUS, Amee scored.
SPERRY, Devan walked; WILLIAMSON, Joely advanced to second.
LEWIS, Bailey singled up the middle, RBI; SPERRY, Devan advanced to third; WILLIAMSON, Joely scored.
KARJEL, Alissa singled to left field.
SCOTT, Taylor singled to left field; KARJEL, Alissa advanced to second.
OGAGAN, Ufuoma homered to center field, 3 RBI; SCOTT, Taylor scored; KARJEL, Alissa scored.
CLARKE, Jazmin singled to pitcher.
MOLINA, Leah singled to catcher, advanced to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 61.121975
Retrieved Text: I Triple Dog Dare You!!
Having an outside dog - even a temporarily outside one - is definitely an adjustment. It's also possum season around here and they tend to scuttle around on fence tops...I assume this is why Bailey tends to bark like a crazy hound in the middle of the night. Oy. One thing I have learned, though - no matter how many dogs may be barking in the neighborhood, I'm convinced MY barky dog is the one who will ultimately provoke the neighbors into calling the police, so it sets me on edge. Yeah, there have been some sleepless nights around here...but I'm not complaining!
If you haven't figured it out by now, I'm a complete sucker softie when it comes to animals. Naturally, I've been feeling guilty about Bailey having to live outside since I brought her home. I go out there as much as I can and spend time with her, but there are long periods of time when she's alone. Casey and Riley are alone, but at least they're alone together (if that makes sense). I know I need to be patient and not risk the health of my other critters; it breaks my heart to see her watching the other dogs go inside and leave her out all alone at night...in the dark...where there are noises and things that go bump in the night.
Casey and Riley were both rescues. Casey was adopted from the local Humane Society when she was about 4 weeks old and Riley was adopted at about 6

########
Rank: 3
Score: 59.923683
Retrieved Text: Since 15-year-old me was to be this dog’s sole care-taker, I had the last say in his name. So we brought home a tiny little fluff ball named Riley. I really wish that I had started writing down the transformation of his names since the beginning, but I haven’t and so I will try to recall them all the best I can.
It didn’t take long for the nicknames to start flowing. The first small transformations were Rye and Rye-Guy of course. My mom started calling him Ollie and Ol for short or Gov’ (short for Governor) as a term of endearment. Somehow I skipped to calling Riley Scooby or Scoob which I didn’t even realize was from the show “Scooby-Doo” for a long time. I didn’t copy the name, it just came out of my mouth and stuck.
Scooby turned to Squamous after I started taking Anatomy and Physiology in college. Squamous is a type of cell, but my mom didn’t like me calling him that because squamous cells can turn cancerous. I thought that was a good enough point and stopped. Squamous then turned to Squanto, like the famous Indian. But that seemed a little forced and it didn’t last long.
Side note: All the names I have mentioned so far, have been the ones he has been called at least 100 times. It would be extremely hard for me to remember the names that I have only called him once. Those names come straight from the heart, bubble up to my mouth, bypassing any true sensor

########
Rank: 4
Score: 58.75972
Retrieved Text: She, by request of the doctor, was walking a short distance up and down a hallway in the hospital. Her breathing was a bit quicker than normal. "Is this really necessary?! I'm pregnant, my water broke, do you really think I feel like walking??" She snapped, her hormones in an awful state.
The nurse looked frightened. Bailey had been vicious ever since she went into labor. "Yes, Miss Lane. It helps to induce labor more quickly."
She sighed, but kept walking. A few minutes later she stopped and let out a yelp of pain. "Ow!" She gasped. She looked at Blaine helplessly. The young girl didn't have a clue what to do.
The nurse came to her side. "Come, you need to lay down. That was your first contraction. No need to worry." She help Bailey lay down and tried to get her comfortable.
Blaine sighed and held Bailey's hand. "Its alright sweetheart. Just lay back and relax."
Bailey held onto Blaine's hand tightly. "Ok..." She nodded, and took a deep breath. "I love you." Reaching her hand that wasn't holding his, up to run it lightly through Blaine's hair, was comforting to her. "Are you ok?" It was only other people that she was vicious to. She was sweet to Blaine. He had a feeling of home, and he was her light in the darkness of the outside world.
The lack of communication from Blaine didn't help to comfort her. Bailey just relaxed, letting herself nearly fall asleep, and another contraction would hit. She bit her lip but didn't even gasp

########
Rank: 5
Score: 58.280334
Retrieved Text: The Vancouver Curling Club is centrally located in the City of Vancouver, in the Riley Park area and nestled between Main and Cambie streets.
Our Club is inside the Hillcrest Centre at the east end, and the two main landmarks that are our direct neighbours are Nat Bailey Stadium and Queen Elizabeth Park.
From Main St, go west on 33rd Ave, north on Ontario, take the first parking lot entrance beside Nat Bailey Stadium and drive north through the parking lot towards Hillcrest Centre.
From Cambie St, go east on 29th Ave, turn left on Clancy Loranger Way so Hillcrest Centre is in front of you, and you will find parking to the south of the building.
Click here for a map to the Club.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 58.14126
Retrieved Text: The 2019 LHS Winter Homecoming candidates are (front row, from left) Leia Shaffer, Camdyn Clark, Riley Vohs, Bailey Kern; (back row) Jakob Krause, Kiefer Tucker, Beckett Rasmussen and James Foote.
Homecoming week at Louisburg High School kicked off Monday and events are in full swing. With something going on every day this week, it will be a busy time for students. All of it is, of course, centered around the crowning of the 2019 winter king and queen. Eight students were selected as nominees and here are their names and profiles.
Leia is the daughter of Ryan and Dana Shaffer. Leia has participated in cheerleading and girls soccer for four years, debate for one year and Spanish Club. Following graduation, Leia plans to attend Pittsburg State University and get a degree in nursing.
Jakob is the son of Kraig and Trisha Krause. Jakob has participated in baseball for four years, basketball, football, FCA, Choir and National Honor Society for two years. Following graduation, Jakob plans to attend the University of Nebraska and study civil engineering.
Camdyn is the daughter of Kelly and Jennifer Clark. Camdyn has participated in band, girls soccer and the musical for four years, select choir, debate and boys soccer manager for two years and mixed choir and forensics for one year. Following graduation, Camdyn plans to attend Johnson County Community College and then transfer to a university to major in physical therapy.
Kiefer is the son of David Tucker and Debbie Hardy. Kiefer has participated in football and track and field for four years, Model UN for

########
Rank: 7
Score: 57.716614
Retrieved Text: Bailey, Riley and Lochie have recently come into foster care and are looking for a permanent home to call their own. All three boys are 5 weeks old and are just plain adorable. Lochie is Mr Personality. He has a beautiful fluffy grey and black stripped coat with the cutest white chest, belly and paws. Lochie is very inquisitive, adventurous and confident. He loves to entertain himself or wrestle with his brothers. He also loves playing with toys or anything he can get his little paws on. Lochie also has a cuddly side and enjoys cuddling up to you. Riley has a gorgeous black and white coat.He has four gorgeous white paws and a white chest and belly. He has three little beauty spots on his nose that are very cute. Riley is playful and loves to entertain himself wrestling with his brothers or with toys. He is affectionate and loves cuddles and soaking up any attention that is on offer. Bailey is the smallest of the boys. He is shy and very sweet and is growing more confident everyday. He is affectionate and very cuddly and loves to sit on your lap cuddling up to you soaking up as much attention as he can. All three kittens are being cared for in the Shellharbour Area and would love to meet you.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 57.650574
Retrieved Text: A by donation event to raise funds for the Riley Park Community Garden Chipping provided by our partner, Bartlett Tree Experts.
In the Riley Park Parking Lot enter off 30th (east of Ontario). Across from the Nat Bailey Farmers Market.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 57.35266
Retrieved Text: Ashlee Ellen homered, 2 RBI; Tayler Barcomb scored.
Stacy Burr struck out, reached first on an error by c.
Stacy Burr advanced to second on a passed ball.
Vinesett, Caroline reached first on an error by ss.
Murphy, Leigh singled; Vinesett, Caroline advanced to second.
Stacy Burr doubled; Ashlee Ellen advanced to third.
Ashlee Ellen scored on a passed ball, unearned.
Stacy Burr advanced to third.
Katelyn Szupello doubled, RBI; Stacy Burr scored.
Tyresha Ellis singled; Katelyn Szupello advanced to third.
Ashley Gallman singled, RBI; Tyresha Ellis advanced to second; Katelyn Szupello scored.
Sydney Weatherford singled, RBI; Riley Morris advanced to second; Tyresha Ellis scored.
Tayler Barcomb doubled, RBI; Sydney Weatherford advanced to third; Riley Morris scored.
Carley Bailey doubled, 2 RBI; Tayler Barcomb scored; Sydney Weatherford scored.
Ashlee Ellen reached first on an error by lf; Carley Bailey scored, unearned.
Stacy Burr hit by pitch; Ashlee Ellen advanced to second.
Wedmore, Bethany singled; Smith Alexandra advanced to third.
Wedmore, Bethany out at second c to ss, caught stealing; Smith Alexandra scored.
Carylann Geddes to lf for Tyresha Ellis.
Riley Morris singled; Ashley Gallman advanced to second.
Jill Lewis to cf for Sydney Weatherford.
Tayler Barcomb reached on a fielder's choice; Riley Morris advanced to second; Ashley Gallman out at third ss to 3b.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 56.45676
Retrieved Text: Well here is the 'famous" navy ship that Bailey bought and built this past week! He was so proud ;) He has been working hard cutting grass for some friends this summer and decided that he would "buy" something he could make himself so I had to post this pic!
Summer Camp...What fun! Here are Mallory and Bailey with some of their friends...This was our annual church camp in Montgomerry and the kids loved it! Bailey went for the second year and Mallory for her first.
Riley and I sure missed them! But we had a good week together?
WOW...ITs Official...We're Open for business....It has been a loooong time coming....but we are more than delighted...God is soooo good! I have to pinch myself "literally" to know that a long time dream has come true finally....I want to give a special "THANK YOU" to my dear friend for helping make this happen!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 56.38576
Retrieved Text: EASTENDERS’ Bailey Baker has continued to care for her sick mum on the soap and half-brother Keegan Baker has helped her out but now he’s set to make a sad discovery which could change everything for her.
Bailey (played by Kara-Leah Fernandes) is a young carer for her terminally ill mum Dinah (Anjela Lauren Smith) and viewers have seen her assist her mum by cooking for her and providing care.
Now, it looks like Bailey may no longer be able to cope with her mother’s condition.
It unfolds on the BBC soap as Mitch (Roger Griffiths) grows worried about Bailey when he doesn’t hear from her for a while and he shares his concerns with Keegan (Zack Morris).
Keegan offers to go round to the flat the youngster shares with her mum but he is shocked by what he finds on EastEnders.
EastEnders spoilers: Ben Mitchell to kill again after threat?
He realises that Dinah’s health has deteriorated leaving her too frail for Bailey to care for her.
Keegan tries to help Bailey by suggesting that Dinah would be better off in a care home.
However, viewers will have to wait and see if Bailey agrees with the plan.
There are other dramas for the Taylor/Baker family in Albert Square too following the arrival of Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Kate Plummer) and her family.
Tensions rise between Chantelle and mum Karen (Lorraine Stanley) which leaves the latter feeling hurt.
She then turns to Mitch Baker for advice on the situation.
Elsewhere in Walford, Ben Mitchell’s (Max Bowden) behaviour has been getting increasingly troubling.
In a bid to protect his scheme

########
Rank: 12
Score: 55.96393
Retrieved Text: Britney Steele to cf for Stacie Brown.
Bailey O'Hotto struck out swinging, out at first c to 1b.
Hailey Jensen singled to center field, advanced to second on the throw; Tori Haag advanced to third.
Hailey Jensen advanced to third; Tori Haag scored on a wild pitch.
Becky Gigstad doubled to right center.
Kim Lidstone doubled to left center, RBI; Becky Gigstad scored.
Bailey O'Hotto singled to center field, advanced to second on the throw, RBI; Kim Lidstone scored.
Rachel Guessford singled to right center, RBI; Tori Haag scored.
Melissa Seldon singled through the right side; Sara Wennerstrand advanced to second.
Taylor Davis singled to pitcher; Ashley Prettyman advanced to third.
Riley Fisher grounded out to ss, RBI; Taylor Davis advanced to second; Ashley Prettyman scored.
Tori Haag homered to left center, 2 RBI; Taylor Davis scored.
Cassie Meyer to p for Emma Steck.
Kim Lidstone singled, bunt, reached to second on a throwing error by 3b.
Rachel Guessford homered to left field, RBI.
Brianna Chaplin pinch hit for Abbie VanVleet.
Mackenzie Wenner singled to left field.
Riley Fisher singled to right field.
Grace Hall singled to center field; Paige Lammers advanced to second.
Kiela DeVlaeminck to p for Cassie Meyer.
Grace Hall advanced to second; Paige Lammers advanced to third on a wild pitch.
Riley Fisher to p for Brianna Chaplin.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 55.684845
Retrieved Text: (l-r) Kenny Agosto, Timothy Tapia, Kevin Riley, Lisa Gattis, Cynthia O’Neal-Riley, Jascelyn Parson, Dominique Maddox and Ranell Ogilvie.
Senator Jamaal Bailey hosted a panel emphasizing the power of the African American vote on Saturday, February 24 at Tracey Towers. The Black History Month event featured a panel consisting of local elected officials, community leaders and board of elections representatives.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 55.672047
Retrieved Text: Mount Union: E - Allie Scali 2. 2B - Brittany Baitt; Logan Lehman 2; Brooke Cox. HR - Logan Lehman; Morgan Riley. RBI - Brittany Baitt; Logan Lehman; Morgan Riley 2. GIDP - Shelby Vansickle. CS - Emily Hume.
Capital: E - Morgan Fadel; Chevonne Hayslett. RBI - Bailey Walter.
Mount Union: Batters Faced - Hannah Reusser 29.
Capital: Batters Faced - Kayla Wild 5; Brianna Reardon 27.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 53.89599
Retrieved Text: Time: 1:45 PM IST, 8:15 AM GMT, 6:45 PM LOCAL.
Wes Agar, Jake Weatherald, Liam O Conner, Rashid Khan, Harry Nielson, Matthew Short, Travis Head (c), Jonathan Wells, Michael Neser, Colin Ingram, Ben Laughlin.
Riley Meredith, Jofra Archer, Caleb Paul Jewell, D Arcy Short, David Moody, Simon Milenko, Ben McDermott, James Faulkner, Matthew Wade (c & wk), George Bailey, Johan Botha.
Matthew Wade’s swashbuckling exhibitions in BBL 2018-19 makes him a perfect fit the wicket-keeper’s position for the coming feud. In 8 matches played this season, the 31-year-old has aggregated 239 runs while playing at an average and strike rate of 29.87 and 133.51 respectively.
Also, he has been instrumental in affecting 6 dismissals whilst guarding the stumps, which furthermore strengthens his position for the Fantasy XI.
The first and second inclusions would be George Bailey and J Wells with regards to their exhilarating knocks of 69 and 32 respectively in the previous duel.
D Arcy Short has been performing exceedingly well in the ongoing season of BBL wherein he has acquired a tally of 368 runs while playing at an average and strike rate of 52.57 and 139.39 respectively. Thus, he too could be considered as a viable option for the coming feud.
As a final induction, one might consider vouching in for Colin Ingram for his flabbergasting knock of 57 in 41 deliveries in the recently played game versus the Melbourne Stars.
Riley Meredith would be the foremost induction into the bowler’s troop on account of his figures of 2/19 in the recently played contest versus the Scorchers.
Rashid Khan rendered a highly

########
Rank: 16
Score: 53.732513
Retrieved Text: Lowndes, Alan Bailey 1921-1978 British AR, Stockport. 20.5 x 17 ins., (52 x 43 cms.), Lithograph by the Curwen Press on Five Plates, Signed in Pencil 15/100. Provenance: Illustrated in a full page colour in Alan Lowndes by Jonathan Riley page 192.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 53.519154
Retrieved Text: CHEYENNE — Don Brinkman has been in the Cheyenne swimming world a long time. He knows what it takes to make a team focused and ready for the task at hand. He knows so much, he’s willing to dive right right.
On Saturday, Brinkman, Cheyenne Central assistant coach, jumped into the Central pool with several members of the Lady Indian swim team during the 100-yard freestyle. He posted a time under 1:18 but that was the unimportant part. His only goal was keeping a promise.
The Central girls did just that. They showed up on time for practice every day during the week, forcing Brinkman to live up to his end of the bargin. With Bailey Dolph and Bailey Hamann making up two of the three swimmer scheduled to take part in the 100 freestyle first heat, Brinkman dove in and swam well. So well, he posted the best time.
But it’s not all the seasoned coach is willing to do to motivate his team. Brinkman, the former Cheyenne East boys coach, is a regular at doing stunts to amp his team up for a competition. His most regular feat is wearing costumes at the conference meet.
In the past, Brinkman says he’s worn numerous outfits, including a hobo costume in front of the Wendy’s in Laramie to get his team fired up. While he won’t say what he’s got planned for this year, Brinkman admits he’s “going to out do” himself. But the only way to see first-hand what he wears, is to be there.
This entry was posted in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 53.445976
Retrieved Text: Since our inception in 2005, we’ve helped hundreds of student-athletes prepare for their dream of playing at the next level.
These are some of the young men we’ve had the opportunity to work with over the years. We’re proud of all of them!
17U Season- Front: Ray Miller, Brady Elder, Joe Smoldt, Devontae Lane, Wali Parks. Back: Coach Jamie Pettigrew, Austin Phyfe, Bailey Basala, Abe Kinrade, Riley Till.
17U Season- Front: Wes Washpun, Kyle Lamaak, Josh Oglesby, Kasey Semler, Brandon Voss. Back: Josh Montague, Jarrod Uthoff, Patrick Burmester, Seth Tuttle, Kyle Nikkel.
17U Season- In Vegas with Coach Jamie Johnson, Isaac Gardner, Rasham Suarez, Nate Buss, Jody Henton, Nick Wilson, Shaquille Lowry, Will Artino, and Max Martino.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 52.860016
Retrieved Text: It's time for the TRASHFUTURE accidental live show. Riley (@raaleh) and Hussein (@HKesvani) got up in front of a bewildered crowd with some old friends: Elena Cresci (@ElenaCresci) from TV, Luke Bailey (@ImBadAtLife) from the internet, and Jack Frayne-Reid (@coplandresident), scurrilous host of the disreputable Reel Politik Podcast (@reel_politcast). We do a product that nearly killed Len, we read yet another article from our favourite nu-metal edgelord Brednan O'Neill, and then we resurrected Cop or Comrade? for the digital age (spoiler they're all cops).
Thanks to everyone who came out and helped us pay for the cost of the room, and shout out especially to @justafish, who was instrumental in helping cover the cost of the recording. We broke even!
There will be more live episodes! Updates to come.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 52.479137
Retrieved Text: The Gallatin County Office of the Sheriff/Coroner identified the victim of the shooting on Thursday, April 4, 59-year-old Cynthia Carol Wills of Bozeman.
At approximately 8:10 p.m., Thursday, April 4, Bozeman police officers responded to a 911 call that came from the Wagon Wheel mobile home park at 2220 W. Main Street. The reporting party stated that they heard two gunshots and saw a female victim lying in the driveway of a nearby residence.
The reporting party told dispatch that the victim was "groaning" and then saw a male approach the victim and drop a towel on top of her before returning inside of his residence.
The suspected shooter, William Frederick Bailey, was observed by responding officers walking onto the porch of the residence while holding a firearm. Officers instructed Bailey to drop the weapon several times before he did so.
After finally dropping the gun, officers instructed Bailey to get on the ground where they proceeded to place him in handcuffs.
After being transported to the Gallatin County Detention Center, Bailey agreed to waive his rights and spoke to law enforcement.
Bailey stated that the female victim moved in with him at his home in 2016. He said that there was not a history of violence with the victim, but that they began arguing lately after she began spending time with another man.
On Thursday evening, after the female victim had apparently visited the other male, Bailey began to throw the victim's belongings into the street. The victim returned to the residence during this time and reportedly threw an object at the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 52.302063
Retrieved Text: This excerpt from our most recent newsletter, The Black Koptic Press Release, was written by Brother Charles' sister, Sister Shiminege, the promoter of the Charles Riley Tutorial Program. On the 59th anniversary of his birth, the Institute will hold its Kwanzaa Appeal finale, "Supporters Day in Honor of Charles Riley" on Friday, February 17, 2017 at 6 PM, 219 Hamilton Street. Donations given at this event are tax deductible.
Brother Charles Riley was born on February 17, 1958 in Batavia, NY, and joined the ancestors on January 17, 1997. His mother was Sister Siti Akanke, aka Mary Bailey. His father was Leroy Riley.
Charles went to Alexander (NY) Elementary School and continued in Batavia, graduating at the top of his high school class in 1979. After he graduated, he moved to Rochester, NY, where he lived with his mom, Sister Siti. He then went to Monroe Community College where he took up business classes.
Brother Charles came to First Community Interfaith Institute Inc. in 1985. He started coming every day to the tutorial program to help the children with their studies. He would come everyday to help and he did not have any children of his own in the program.
He then joined the Ministry School of Doology. He also was the Audio Technician.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 52.02518
Retrieved Text: Ramone Bailey competing for Wolmer's Boys School at 2011 Issa Boys and Girls Championship.
Ramone Bailey and his coach David Riley.
When long jumper Ramone Bailey jumped his personal best of 8.16m, becoming the new national champion, at the Jamaica Athletics Administrative Associations Puma National Senior Championships, held recently at the National Stadium, it made national headlines, throwing Bailey into the spotlight. But, how many of you know the inspiring story behind this talented long jumper?
Born in Kingston, and raised by his grandmother, Bailey recalled days running around with other children of Whitehall Avenue, having big dreams of one day becoming a football star for Manchester United. After unsuccessful attempts at making it in football, he decided to jump right into another sport, shifting his focus to tackle both long and high jump. “Growing up, my family was always supportive of sports. I think they would have all preferred if I had stuck to the sprints, but sometimes you just know when something isn't entirely for you,” he told Outlook.
The summer of 2007, however, brought a life-changing event to Bailey's life. On break from school, it was typical of Bailey to spend time with his best friend’s family in the country. But this time around, tragedy decided to creep in and rear it’s ugly head, striking it’s lethal blow not once, but twice. The first unfortunate incident came when his best friend’s grandmother passed away. Her passing affected the aspiring athlete badly, especially because, he explained, she had taken him in and treated him like family. Her funeral,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 51.953728
Retrieved Text: our day started out like any other. we went out for coffee and to take some pictures. i got this one before our day went sideways.
as bailey was walking around, she stopped to sniff something. what was she sniffing, you ask? a pile of red ants!
hubby picked her up straight away, made sure she didn't have an ant on her and put her back down on the ground, away from the ant pile of course. when he put her down, she wouldn't step on her front leg. he lifted her up again and her leg was shaking and she wouldn't straighten it. it looked like it was being pulled up by a string. OMG, what happened.
we were 1 hour away from home and it was a saturday. what are we supposed to do? i googled the area we were in to see if there was a vet nearby, that would happen to be open. as luck would have it, there was one right across the street and he was open! [i know, what are the chances, right?] we took her in and told them we think she was bitten by an ant. [that sounds kinda silly now, but she's so tiny and her leg was shaking and she wouldn't step on her foot.] the vet was very nice and looked at her foot very closely. he saw a slight swelling but didn't feel she needed any medication. he said we could give her childrens benadryl for pain but she should be fine in a couple of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 51.81674
Retrieved Text: Meet Gorgeous Bailey, the DDG October 2017 Dog of the Month, she is one perfect pointer!
Like new parents, new dog owners will always worry about sending their children away to somewhere new. If you are a new dog owner considering dog boarding and doggy daycare then follow these tips below for extra peace of mind.
Meet DOTM Riley; the Dog Day Getaway September 2017 Dog of the Month; this guy is not only one handsome Sheltie but as sweet as they come.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 51.405453
Retrieved Text: Shaq Calhoun, Mason Ramsey, Curtis Phillips Jr., Corey Tillery, Cade Crosland.
Micaiah Henry, Courtney Alexander II, Domen Omladic, associate head coach Jason Taylor, assistant coach Gerald Gillion.
director of basketball operations Melvin Scott, manager Logan Vance, manager Ezra Pinzur, manager Zachary Gilliam.
Kajon Mack, Hakeem Rogers, Savonte Frazier, associate head coach Rick Cabrera, assistant coach Jason Taylor.
Micaiah Henry, Ja'Cardo Hawkins, Mason Ramsey, manager Logan Vance, manager Aaron Merriweather.
Markell Henderson, Curtis Phillips Jr., Stephaun Adams, Conner Hall.
Anthony Morse, Ryan Martin, Torrance Rowe, associate head coach Rick Cabrera, assistant coach Jason Taylor.
Alexander II, Mason Ramsey, Markell Henderson, graduate assistant manager Mitchell Hill, manager Robert Ottinger.
Tre Hansbrough, Aleksa Jugovic, manager Ryan Givens, manager Jonathan Baca.
McKay, Jordan Johnson, Torrance Rowe, assistant coach Rick Cabrera, assistant coach Frank Davis.
Bougher, Aleksa Jugovic, student manager Connor Kelly, student manager Joseph Tillery.
Carter, Anthony Morse, Dwan Caldwell, Mason Ramsey, student manager Garrison Boyd, student manager Justin Wakefield.
Javon McKay, Ammanuel Diressa, Shirmane Thomas, Ty Allen, student manager Joseph Tillery, student manager Connor Kelly.
Front row (left to right): Student assistant Justin Wakefield, Ryon Riggins, Josiah Moore, Dennis Ogbe, Mitchell Hill, Matt Marseille, Jeremiah Samarrippas, Javon McKay, Lanerryl Johnson, student assistant Michael Cooper. Back row (left to right): Assistant coach Russ Willemsen, assistant coach Rick Cabrera, DeOndre Haynes, Eric Weisenbach, Jud Dillard, head coach Steve Payne, Terrell Barnes, Anthony Morse, Ammanuel Diressa, director of basketball operations Frank Davis, assistant coach Brian Kloman.
Front row (left to right): Chase Dunn, Zach Bailey, Zac Swansey, Riley Hunley, Jud Dillard, Javon McKay, Jon Sexton, Mitchell Hill, Lanerryl Johnson. Middle row (left to right): head coach

########
Rank: 26
Score: 51.31008
Retrieved Text: 0:00 Haley Duggan at goalie for Framingham.
02:39 Shot by Framingham Amie Souza, Blocked.
06:18 Shot by Lasell Cailin Flannery, Wide.
07:02 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Riley Musial for Leah Sullivan.
08:45 Shot by Lasell Samantha Taylor, Wide.
10:01 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Erin Murray for Nikki Pignone.
10:01 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Shannon Motz for Julia Franzik.
11:53 Substitution!Framingham substitution: Jennifer Correa for Domini Batista.
13:10 Shot by Lasell Cailin Flannery, Defensive Save by Meaghann Ackerman.
13:16 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Julia Franzik for Erica Connors.
13:25 Penalty corner by Lasell Samantha Taylor [13:25].
14:37 Penalty corner by Lasell Samantha Taylor [14:37].
14:48 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Nikki Pignone for Samantha Taylor.
14:48 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Liz Polimou for Shannon Motz.
14:48 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Izzy Contois for Erin Murray.
16:53 Shot by Framingham Mycala Moody, Save (by goalie) Denise Landry.
18:21 Substitution!Framingham substitution: Sydney Buono for Jennifer Correa.
20:01 Penalty corner by Framingham Bailey Donelly [20:01].
20:39 Penalty corner by Framingham Bailey Donelly [20:39].
21:06 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Samantha Taylor for Cailin Flannery.
21:06 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Leah Sullivan for Riley Musial.
21:34 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Erin Murray for Izzy Contois.
21:57 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Erica Connors for Julia Franzik.
23:48 Penalty corner by Lasell Samantha Taylor [23:48].
23:49 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Mackenzie Foley for Mindy Esposito.
25:33 Substitution!Framingham substitution: Mycala Moody for Jennifer Correa.
25:58 Green card on Framingham Mycala Moody.
27:41 Penalty corner by Lasell Samantha Taylor [27:41].
27:50 Shot by Lasell Samantha Taylor, Save (by goalie) Haley Duggan.
27:59 Substitution!Framingham substitution: Bailey Donelly for Domini Batista.
28:42 Penalty corner by Lasell Samantha Taylor [28:42].
29:42 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Julia Franzik for Erica Connors.
30:32 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Riley Musial for Leah Sullivan.
32:14 Penalty corner by Lasell Samantha Taylor [32:14].
32:39 Substitution!Lasell substitution: Cailin Flannery for Erin Murray.
33:31 Penalty corner by Lasell Samantha Taylor

########
Rank: 27
Score: 51.24092
Retrieved Text: What happens when you film Forest Bailey, Ryan Tarbell, Riley Nickerson, Cam Pierce, Pat McCarthy, and friends. You get this edit of course. The 686 boys arrived in beautiful Lake Tahoe in northern California with the mission of shredding the heck out of Woodward Tahoe. And that’s just what they did. Peep the edit. It’s short and sweet so give it a watch.
Forest, Tarbell, Nickerson, Post, and Murphy.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 51.197548
Retrieved Text: This blog intents to inform SAS Business Intelligence Users how to better use the tools. We provide tips and tricks, little known techniques, career advise, and other topics that seem related to data analysis.
Here’s how I spend my free time – you know when I’m not creating blog content that I know you’ll love. I am spending my time by the seaside – the following photo was taken at Surf City, NC last fall with my iPhone. The sun was rising over the pier – and it really was magical.
My husband, Ken, and I have two bratty cats, Riley and Bailey. They are half brothers – they have the same father but Bailey’s mother had long hair – so you can see he has a fuzzy tail. Riley’s mother and father were both Siamese – so he has no special features other than those beautiful blue eyes. They are funny and cause a lot of trouble around the house.
Bailey likes to get under my desk and sit on this stool. He also enjoys helping (getting in the way). Riley likes to sit on my desk and move the mouse around, walk on the keyboard, and help (get in the way).
Enjoying their heated bed … and not fighting or helping for a change!
I love exploring new wines – here’s some of my recent favorites. I tend toward the California cabs – I like the bold flavor. But it’s never hard to talk me into some champagne – especially if it’s Pol Roger – pink!
Also I like to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 51.112026
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK – Jerry Bailey was thinking retirement for several years and finally, a few weeks into this season, he knew it was time for his illustrious Hall of Fame career to come to an end.
With that, Bailey said Wednesday he’ll retire after riding at Gulfstream Park on Jan. 28 in the Sunshine Millions. The 48-year-old Bailey will then begin his next career as a racing analyst for ESPN and ABC Sports, where he will be part of about 20 telecasts, including the Belmont Stakes and the Breeders’ Cup.
Bailey is scheduled to ride three or four horses on the Sunshine Millions card at Gulfstream in Hallandale Beach, Fla. A large group of family or friends will be in attendance for Bailey’s farewell ride, which is expected to be aboard Silver Tree, trained by Bill Mott, who put Bailey aboard Cigar for the final 15 wins in a glorious record-tying, 16-race winning streak in 1995-96.
Bailey has been one of racing’s top riders for nearly 15 years, usually ending up on many of the best horses in training. Among his greatest accomplishment was the campaign aboard Cigar, a two-time Horse of the Year who gave him perhaps his greatest win – the 1996 Dubai World Cup.
Bailey often said he didn’t really love horses until he climbed aboard Cigar, and his voice seemed to quiver when he spoke of it.
“He was the most genuine, charismatic horse I think I’ve ever been on in my life,” he said.
Bailey will become the latest Hall of Fame jockey to hang up his

================



======= Instance Index 27288 =========
Input Text: Context: With his team down by a homerun in the bottom of the ninth inning, Cameron hit a two run home run to clinch victory.

Question: How would Cameron feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: elated that his team won the game

B: disappointed that he let his team down

C: sad that his team lost the game

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 69.32955
Retrieved Text: MARS HILL, N.C. – The Lions dropped a South Atlantic Conference baseball double-header to Catawba on Sunday afternoon at Henderson Field. Mars Hill fell to 23-20 overall and an even 9-9 in the league. The Indians improved to 27-11 on the season, 13-5 in the SAC.
Gray McCurry went 1-3 with a homerun and three RBI to lead the Lions offensively. Brett Brubaker went 2-4 with a double while Hunter Merrill went 1-3 with a homerun. Tom Mastrodonato suffered the loss (2-1) pitching the final 2.2 innings in relief.
Luke Setzer led Catawba at the plate going 5-5 with a run scored and a RBI. Zach Almond followed going 2-4 with a homerun, a double and three RBI. Connor Johnson obtained the win (6-1) throwing 4.2 innings in relief. He allowed just one hit while striking out six batters. Bryan Blanton picked up his ninth save on the season pitching the final inning of the game.
Catawba jumped out to a 4-0 lead in their first at-bat. Zach Almond hit a three run homerun before Malachi Hanes hit a solo homerun to right field. Hunter Merrill led off the Lions half of the inning with a homerun to left-center field to make the score 4-1.
Devin Mangum doubled down the right field line to drive in Lance Edwards and bring the Lions with two runs (4-2) of the Indians. The Lions took a 6-4 lead in the fourth inning. Christian Stampler singled to drive in Brett Brubaker before Gray McCurry belted a three-run homerun to left field.
Catawba tied the contest

########
Rank: 1
Score: 63.555565
Retrieved Text: PAINESVILLE, Ohio – The Lake Erie College baseball team was in action today as they split a double header with Saginaw Valley.
The Storm jumped out to an early lead in the bottom of the first as Austin Bovenzi (Fairport, N.Y. / McQuaid Jesuit) led off the inning with a double, and the next batter Lucas Raley (Hinckley, Ohio / Medina Highland) singled for the Storm. Bovenzi was driven in by Zak Decamp (Gahanna, Ohio / St. Francis DeSales) as he reached on an error, and gave the Storm a 1-0 advantage. The Cardinals tied the game with a run in the third inning. The Storm answered with a run of their own in the bottom of the inning, when Decamp singled to right field to drive home Raley. A solo homerun in the fourth and a run in the fifth gave the Cardinals a 3-2 advantage. The Storm tied the game in the bottom of the sixth when Raley hit a solo homerun. A solo homerun in the top of the seventh gave the Cardinals a 4-3 lead and the Storm fell 4-3.
The Storm took an early lead in game two in the first inning as Ryan Grieco (Murrysville, Pa. / Franklin Regional) and Rutger Luebke (Medina, Ohio / Medina) led off the inning with back to back singles. Grieco was later driven in by a Nigel Williams (Cincinnati, Ohio / La Salle) single. Raley who earlier reached on a fielder's choice was driven in by Kody Bledsoe (Elyria, Ohio / Amherst Steele), and Williams scored

########
Rank: 2
Score: 62.838478
Retrieved Text: This morning on Twitter the MLB posed the question of whether or not David Freese’s walk-off homerun last night was the greatest of all time? My initial response was “not even close”. I feel that in the “ESPN era” we often act like nothing happened in sports prior to 1980 (a thought similar to one that Mike Wilbon has expressed numerous times) and one of my biggest pet peeve’s with our 24 hour sports news cycle is the tendency that we have to confuse the “latest” with the “greatest”. However as I watch the clip over and over and over again I do understand how special this series has been and how amazing that shot was. So while in my mind there were a few that jumped to mind immediately I wanted to really think about where Freese’s walk-off does rank among all-time walk-off home runs. I wanted to be weary as to not give it so much credit because it is happening now but in all reality, this has been a great postseason full of great moments. So without further ado, my top 11 postseason walk-off homeruns.
In the 1985 National League Championship Series, Ozzie Smith (who at the time had 12 career homeruns) hits a walk-off homerun down the right field line to give the Cardinals a 3-2 lead in the series over the Dodgers. This was the first time that Ozzie Smith ever hit a homerun while batting lefthanded. The Cardinals would go on to win the NL pennant but would fall in the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 62.003258
Retrieved Text: OWINGS MILLS, MD. – The York College softball team salvaged a split in a pair of one-run games against Stevenson on Thursday afternoon. The Spartans dropped game one 4-3 but used extra innings to bounce back and top the Mustangs 8-7 in nine innings.
• Both pitchers dominated early with a combined three hits through the first two and a half innings of play before Stevenson would finally break the scoreless tie in the bottom of the third inning. Kayla Briles reached on an infield single and advanced all the way to third base on a Spartan error with one out and would come into score on a Haley Lennon double in to the right-center gap. Taylor Lindsay would minimize the damage by limiting the Mustangs to just one run despite the Spartans committing a pair of errors in the inning as Lindsay stranded two Mustangs on the base paths.
• The Spartans would respond quickly in the top of the fourth as Elle Meyer reached on a bunt-single to lead off the inning and then stole second to get in scoring position. Alyssa Harhigh then stepped up to the plate and launched a homerun over the center field wall to give York a 2-1 lead.
• Stevenson would get both runs back in the bottom of the fifth when they scored three runs on just two hits. The Mustangs led off the inning with back-to-back hitters getting plunked and then both stealing bases to have runners on second and third with nobody out. Erin Stephey would come up

########
Rank: 4
Score: 59.6984
Retrieved Text: The New York Mets lost to the Cincinnati Reds by the score of 7-4 on Wednesday afternoon. The game took place at Citi Field in Flushing, New York. Matt Harvey started for the Mets and wasn’t great. Daniel Murphy and Rick Ankiel led the offense with three hits each.
Harvey pitched 6 1/3 innings giving up nine hits and four runs with three walks and six strikeouts. Scott Rice faced two batters and retired them both, Brandon Lyon pitched a perfect inning with a couple of strikeouts and Bobby Parnell lost his fourth game of the season pitching an inning and giving up three hits and three runs with two walks.
Murphy had three hits and two RBI, Ankiel had three hits and two RBI and Lucas Duda had a hit. Ike Davis drew two walks, John Buck had a hit and Ruben Tejada had a hit. Murphy, Tejada and Duda each hit a double and Ankiel hit two doubles. Ankiel hit a triple and the Mets were 2-13 with runners in scoring position and left seven men on base.
Matt Latos pitched 6 2/3 innings giving up eight hits and four runs with a walk and four strikeouts. J.J. Hoover faced one batter and retired him, Alfredo Simon won his fourth game of the season pitching an inning and walking one and Aroldis Chapman saved his tenth game of the season pitching an inning and giving up a hit with two strikeouts.
Shin-Soo Choo had a hit, Cozart had four hits and Joey Votto had two hits, two RBI

########
Rank: 5
Score: 58.821186
Retrieved Text: CENTRAL, S.C. - The Mars Hill baseball team (3-5) was downed in the bottom of the ninth inning by Southern Wesleyan (3-4) Wednesday afternoon on the road by a score of 6-5.
With the game tied at five in the bottom of the ninth, a RBI single by Jarred Jones provided the Warriors the walkoff win, plating DJ Ludwick for the game-winning run.
Mars Hill jumped out to an early 2-0 lead, scoring one run apiece in the first and second innings. Gray McCurry's RBI single into center field scored Devin Mangum in the opening frame. A RBI double from Daniel Vitello doubled the Lions lead in the second.
Southern Wesleyan stormed back in the bottom of the fifth, scoring three runs to take their first lead of the ballgame. Timo Schau knotted the game at two with a two-run single. Jones, with his first RBI of the contest, provided the Warriors their first lead on a fielder's choice.
They later extended their lead in the bottom of the sixth as Devin Patrick doubled to center field, plating Julio Justo. In the top of the seventh inning, Vitello doubled to right field to plate Austin Treadway. Later in the inning, he would steal third and on a throwing error, advance home to tie the game at four entering the bottom of the seventh.
Jones once again regained the Warriors' lead in the bottom of the inning with a RBI single. The resilient Lions' team, with the bases loaded in the top of the ninth, were able to tie the game up

########
Rank: 6
Score: 58.639854
Retrieved Text: The New York Yankees were defeated by the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night. The game took place at Guaranteed Rate Field in Chicago, Illinois and the final score was 4-3. Luis Severino started for the Yankees and he pitched great, the bullpen was bad and blew the game. Aaron Judge and Didi Gregorius each had two hits to lead the offense and Gary Sanchez had two RBI.
Severino pitched seven innings giving up six hits and a run with no walks and 12 strikeouts. Domingo German pitched to two batters walking both and giving up a run, Tyler Clippard pitched an inning with two walks and two strikeouts and Dellin Betances pitched 2/3 of an inning giving up a hit and two runs with two walks and he blew his second save of the season and lost his second game of the season.
Jose Quintana pitched 6 1/3 innings giving up two hits and no runs. He walked four and struck out six. Anthony Swarzak pitched to two batters and retired them both, Tom Kahnle pitched 2/3 of an inning giving up four hits and three runs with a walk and a strikeout and Dan Jennings won his third game of the season pitching 1 1/3 innings giving up a hit and he struck out two.
Jacoby Ellsbury had a hit, Judge had two hits, an RBI and drew a walk and Sanchez had a hit, two RBI and drew a walk. Gregorius had two hits, Tyler Austin drew a walk and Ronald Torreyes drew a walk. Austin

########
Rank: 7
Score: 57.927734
Retrieved Text: 1. The fence is in play, like an outfield wall in baseball. Any ball hit over the fence is a homerun. This rule is subject to amendment at particular fields due to the size and shape of a field. For fields without fences, cones will be used to denote homeruns.
2. The Homerun “One Up Rule”: for all fields and for all games, the “One Up Rule” is in effect.
A. Teams may only hit a maximum of +1 homeruns relative to their opponent’s home run totals.
B. Any batter that hits a homerun for a team that is already +1 in homeruns will immediately be declared out. Runners cannot advance.
C. If a team is -1 in home runs relative to their opponent, that team may hit two consecutive home runs, moving them from -1, to even, to +1.
Team A hits a home run in the top of the first inning. If another batter from Team A hits a homerun in that inning, he or she is immediately declared out. In the bottom of the first inning, Team B hits a home run, which evens each team’s homerun total at 1. Team B can then hit another homerun in that inning (moving to +1 over Team A), but hitting another homerun (+2) would result in that batter being declared out.
In short, any team that has more homeruns than their opponents in a given game cannot be awarded a homerun until the opposing team either evens the homerun totals, or moves to +1.
D. A cone (or similar object) will be

########
Rank: 8
Score: 57.089283
Retrieved Text: ALLENTOWN, Pa.-The Louisville Bats had their share of chances, but three errors and a one-out walk-off single by Lehigh Valley shortstop Miguel Cairo in the tenth inning propelled the Iron Pigs to a 10-9 victory on Wednesday evening at Coca-Cola Park.
Louisville left fielder Chris Heisey batted in three runs, including a go-ahead sacrifice fly to centerfield in the top of the ninth inning, making the score 9-8 and putting the Bats in control with three outs remaining.
IronPigs left fielder Michael Taylor recorded the first cycle in franchise history, capping his 5-for-5 evening with a long homerun over the left field wall in the bottom of the ninth inning, knotting the game at nine.
The Bats could not sustain two other go-ahead rallies, including ones in the fourth and seventh innings. Heisey put the team ahead 8-7 in the seventh with a two-run homerun, scoring right fielder Darnell McDonald from second base.
Lehigh Valley third baseman Terry Tiffee answered in the bottom of the inning with a groundball single to right field, scoring Taylor. The hit was Tiffe's only one of the evening, as he finished 1-for-5 and stranded a pair of runners.
Trailing 4-1 in the top of the fourth inning, Bats third baseman Wes Bankston doubled home McDonald and first baseman Kevin Barker to cut the lead to one. Three pitches later, shortstop Chris Valaika tied the game with a sacrifice fly to center, scoring Heisey.
Reliever Logan Ondrusek's had his first blown save of the season for the Bats. Starter Matt Maloney earned a no decision for the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 57.029816
Retrieved Text: The first week of the 2014 season at Cooperstown Dreams Park came to a close on Thursday evening with the fifth seeded RBI Rangers defeating the 7th seeded Florida Falcons Stealth by a score of 15-3.Â The Rangers capitalized on an explosive 1st inning, where a lead-off home run by Zane Keener sparked an offensive onslaught that produced six runs on four hits and the Rangers never stopped rolling.
Despite consistent light rain and chilly temperatures, the young Rangers from Nashville, Tennessee were red-hot all night.Â Following Keener’s towering home run Cameron Fisher and John Beam both walked and scored on RBI base hits to right field by Eli Turso and Hunter Hodson.Â Falcons’ starting pitcher Jhan Ledezma was replaced by Colin Flynn after just 5 batters and Flynn was able to stop the bleeding.
The Falcons showed some life in the top of the third when two singles by Mikey Sarakinis and Colin Flynn were followed up by a three run blast by Luis Fuentes, cutting the Rangers’ lead to 7-3.
John Beam stepped to the plate under the glaring lights and roaring crowd of Little Majors Field and needed only five pitches to serve up one of Â his biggest hits ever, a walk-off grand slam that put the Rangers up by 12 in the 4th inning, ending the game.
Beam finished the game 2 for 2, with two walks, 4 RBI’s, and two runs scored.Â He also pitched a complete game with four strike-outs, five hits, three earned runs, and no walks for the win.Â Eli Turso

########
Rank: 10
Score: 56.85524
Retrieved Text: MATTHEWS, NC- Joe Campagna hit three homeruns and drove in nine, as the Pride (5-0) set a team record for runs scored in a 25-3 blowout of the Charlotte Galaxy (0-5), Thursday evening. The club is on a roll, winning five games in a row and outscoring their opponents 51-11 to start the season.
Campagna hit his first three-run homerun in the third. It was déjà vu in the seventh as Campagna hit another three-run homerun. In the ninth on a full count Campagna mashed a two-run homer in the same exact spot as the other two, over the left field fence.
Roury Glanton hit his second homerun of the season, a solo shot to start the third. Brian Wood was spectacular from the leadoff spot going 5 for 6 with three doubles and two runs scored. The team scored at least one run in eight of the nine innings played, including a six-run third inning and a five-run seventh inning.
The batters were on fire all the way down the lineup. 10 batters reached base, five players had a multi-hit game, and eight different batters drove in a run. As a team the Pride torched the ball with 10 extra base hits, but were also patient as they drew 10 walks as well.
Enrique Perez had more than enough run support in route to his second straight win. After the top of the third the Pride were already up 10-1 and Perez cruised through six strong innings surrendering only two earned runs and striking out four.
The Pride relief pitchers

########
Rank: 11
Score: 56.37699
Retrieved Text: The New York Mets were defeated by the Houston Astros on Friday afternoon. The game took place at First Data Field in Port St. Lucie, Florida and the final score was 2-0. Noah Syndergaard started for the Mets and he pitched well. Jose Reyes had two hits to lead the offense.
Syndergaard pitched six innings giving up four hits and a run with no walks and five strikeouts. He lost his first game of the spring. Fernando Salas pitched 1/3 of an inning giving up two hits, Jerry Blevins pitched to two batters and retired them both and Addison Reed pitched an inning giving up a hit and a run with a strikeout. Jeurys Familia pitched a perfect inning.
Reyes had two hits, Curtis Granderson had a hit and John Mora Jr. had a hit. Lucas Duda drew a walk, Wilmer Flores had a hit and Travis d’Arnaud drew a walk. Rene Rivera drew a walk, the Mets were 1-5 with runners in scoring position and left five men on base. Granderson was caught stealing, Rivera and Flores each committed an error and Mora had an outfield assist.
In the fifth Reid Brignac hit an RBI single to give the Astros a 1-0 lead and in the eighth J.D. Davis hit a solo homerun to make it 2-0 and that was the final score.
The New York Yankees defeated the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday afternoon. The game took place at George M. Steinbrenner Field in Tampa, Florida and the final score was 3-2. CC Sabathia started for the Yankees and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 55.536224
Retrieved Text: VIERA, FL. (July 25, 2018) – The USSSA Pride swept their second to last home series at the Space Coast Stadium for the 2018 season.
Delaine Gourley started in the circle for the Pride and threw four complete innings and earned the win, striking out seven of the Comet batters and allowing four hits.
Kelsey Nunley came in for two innings the game out for the Pride. Nunley struck out two and only allowed one hit.
Jolene Henderson came into close for the last inning of the game and only allowed one hit and struck out two as well.
The Pride started off the scoring in bottom of the first by a hot shot line drive down the third base line by Bianka Bell to score Allexis Bennett from third base.
To continue in the bottom of the first, Chelsea Goodacre got just enough of a pitch and sent it to shallow left field which brought in Shelby Pendley and Bianka Bell, and Nicole DeWitt drove in one more to make the score 4-0 as the team headed into the second.
In the top of the second, the Comets were able to string some hits together and score 2 runs, to bring the score to 4-2.
In the bottom of the second, Lauren Chamberlain answered back for the Pride with a two-run homerun over center field.
After a scoreless third inning, the Pride come out and score one off a double by S. Pendley to bring in Megan Wiggins.
Bottom of the fifth, Jessie Warren was subbed in to pinch hit and crushed a two-run

########
Rank: 13
Score: 55.463543
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON – Senior infielder Marc Hanna reached the edges of the fence on two occasions, recording two triples in the Cardinals' 3-2 victory over cross-town foe Gallaudet at Hoy Field.
Along with Hanna's triples, junior Mike McFarland notched a triple, as sophomore Stefan Poggioli tallied three hits, one run and one RBI.
Gallaudet opened the game with a single run in the bottom of the first for a 1-0 lead.
Catholic responded with a run in the top of the second. With bases loaded, Andrew Stewart reached home when Dan Hinchcliff was hit by a pitch.
CUA advanced to a 2-0 lead in the fourth inning, as Padula tripled to center field scoring Poggioli, who was on second base.
McFarland opened the sixth inning with a triple to right field. He reached home plate on Poggioli's single up the middle for the final run of the Catholic afternoon.
The Bison alarmed the Cards with a homerun from Casey Hicks in the bottom of the ninth for a final score of 3-2.
Kevin Farley clinched the win in his five innings from the mound, where he struckout three batters and allowed two hits. Colin Kelly recorded the save with a game-high four strikeouts.
CUA returns home on Thursday, April 3 to host Shenandoah at 3:30 p.m.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 55.372414
Retrieved Text: NORTH CANTON, Ohio – The Lake Erie College baseball team opened a three game series with the Walsh University Cavaliers with a doubleheader on Friday (April 13).
Walsh swept the opening doubleheader with a 12-5 win in game one and a 10-3 win in the second game.
Walsh scored one run in the second and fourth innings before plating three runs in the fifth inning for a 5-0 lead after five innings.
Lake Erie got a run across in the seventh inning, cutting the lead to 5-1. Nigel Williams (Cincinnati, Ohio / La Salle) singled and Rees Rua (Amherst, Ohio / Amherst Steele) moved him to third with a single of his own. Williams scored on a double play from Sam Browning (Cincinnati, Ohio / Archbishop McNicholas).
Walsh gained a run back in the seventh inning until Lake Erie both two runs home in the eighth inning. After a fielder's choice that erased a leadoff hit by pitch, Trace Peterson (Medina, Ohio / Medina) reached on an error. Wes Birchmeier (Miamisburg, Ohio / Miamisburg) doubled home both runners. The Storm pulled within three runs, 6-3.
A six-run eighth inning put the game away as Walsh led 12-3 going to the ninth inning.
Lake Erie got two runs in the ninth inning, closing the scoring in game one. Rua and Anthony Jackson (Akron, Ohio / Archbishop Hoban) each singled to lead off the frame. Rua moved to third base on a flyout. An error allowed Jacob Lozinski (Avon, Ohio / St. Edward) to reach and load the bases for the Storm. Corbin Paxton

########
Rank: 15
Score: 55.2409
Retrieved Text: The baseball playoffs began on Friday with two wild card play in games. They were one game playoffs between the Atlanta Braves and St. Louis Cardinals and the Texas Rangers and Baltimore Orioles. The Orioles and the Cardinals won each upsetting the home team and advancing to play the number one seed.
In the case of the Orioles they will be taking on their division rivals the New York Yankees and the Cardinals will be taking on the Washington Nationals.
In the Braves/Cardinals game there was some controversy as a infield fly was called in the eighth inning. When you first saw the play the thought is that the ball was in the outfield how could an infield fly be called?? The answer to that though is, it can be called anywhere in the field as long as an infielder has a reasonable chance to catch the ball. The call itself wasn’t wrong the more I have reviewed it and gone over the rule. The only thing that may have been wrong was that the umpire called it too late. He seemed to call it an infield fly as the ball was coming down. The display that the fans in Atlanta put on was despicable and that should never happen.
The other game was a close game for the most part and then the Orioles scored a couple of ninth inning runs to put the game away. The Orioles and Yankees split their 18 games this season and it will be the first time that divisional opponents will meet

########
Rank: 16
Score: 54.725048
Retrieved Text: The New York Yankees defeated the New York Mets on Saturday afternoon. The game took place at Citi Field in Flushing, New York and the final score was 5-0 Yankees. Michael Pineda started and pitched well and the bullpen was good. Noah Syndergaard started for the Mets and didn't pitch so well and the bullpen for the Mets was good. Carlos Beltran hit a three run homerun and Brian McCann a two run homerun. The Mets only had six hits and no batter had more than a hit.
Pineda won his 11th game of the season pitching 5 1/3 innings giving up four hits and no runs with a walk and four strikeouts. Justin Wilson pitched 1 1/3 innings giving up a walk and striking out four, Caleb Cotham pitched to one batter and struck him out and Delllin Betances pitched an inning striking out two. James Pazos pitched to one batter and retired him, Chris Martin pitched 1/3 of an inning giving up two hits and striking out a batter and Andrew Miller retired the only batter that he faced.
Syndergaard pitched six innings giving up seven hits and five runs with no walks and eight strikeouts and he lost his seventh game of the season. Sean Gilmartin pitched two innings walking one and striking out one and Bobby Parnell pitched an inning with a walk and a strikeout.
Jacoby Ellsbury had a hit, Brett Gardner had a hit and Beltran had two hits and three RBI. McCann had a hit, two RBI and drew a walk, Greg

########
Rank: 17
Score: 54.695423
Retrieved Text: Barry Enright can't win ballgames on his own.
​Arizona Diamondbacks starter Barry Enright just couldn't help himself enough to win last night.
Enright pitched well to start the game, shutting down the Colorado Rockies for the first three innings of the ballgame. He even hit a solo homerun in the bottom of the third, notching the first hit of the game off Rockies' starter Jhoulys Chacin.
Everything fell apart in the fourth en route to a 6-4 loss.
In the top of the fourth, with Todd Helton on first and two outs, Enright got a seemingly harmless fly ball from Ian Stewart that Justin Upton misplayed badly, allowing Helton to cross the plate. The official scorer marked it a double, but that isn't fair to Enright: the catch was routine, a can of corn, and Upton simply missed it.
The next batter, Chris Ianetta, followed up with a homerun to give the Rockies a three-run lead, which seemed like all the Rockies would need with Chacin shutting the Diamondbacks down for seven innings.
If the fourth inning debacle wasn't on Enright, the fifth inning was.
Dexter Fowler popped out to start the inning. Enright proceeded to walk Jonathan Herrera and Carlos Gonzalez back-to-back. Troy Tulowitzki flew out to left but Todd Helton came up to the plate and smashed a deep double plating Herrera and Gonzalez. Seth Smith singled Helton in for all the runs the Rockies would need.
Juan Miranda walked to lead off the fifth inning for the Snakes, then got busted trying to steal second on a 2-0 count, an embarrassing

########
Rank: 18
Score: 54.201927
Retrieved Text: In a three-day series that began last Friday, the ETSU baseball team faced the Western Carolina Catamounts at home. The Bucs could not finish the games like they would have liked and were defeated in all three games. This is the first time the Bucs have been swept this season.
Game one was a difficult one for sure.
On Friday both teams battled for 12 innings. At the bottom of the ninth inning both teams were tied at four a piece. It wasn’t until the 12th inning when WCU’s Caleb Robinson doubled to left field to send teammates Spencer Holcomb to third and Matt Smith home for a score. The Bucs could not respond in the bottom of the 12th inning, and the Catamounts came out the winner.
A strong start for the Catamounts led them to victory in day two at Thomas Stadium. WCU scored five straight points to start of the game and the Bucs could not do the same in the first inning. A big play for the Bucs came in the third inning when Hagen Owenby (Knoxville, Tenn.) hit a home run that brought the game within two runs.
It seemed that both teams began to find a way to get points on the board, as there were no scoreless innings for either team until the seventh inning. At the seventh inning WCU was ahead 7-6. For the remainder of the game, the Bucs could not get anyone to home base and Western Carolina found it in the eighth and ninth inning. With those two runs

########
Rank: 19
Score: 54.075333
Retrieved Text: Mexico players celebrate after winning the Caribbean Series baseball final, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, on Feb. 7, 2016.
SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic (AP) -- Jorge Vazquez hit a home run to lead off the bottom of the ninth inning Sunday, lifting Mexico's Mazatlan Venados to a 5-4 comeback victory over Venezuela's Aragua Tigres for the Caribbean Series championship.
It was Mexico's third title in four years.
"We never gave up. We always battled to the fullest and kept our heads up, so today we celebrate this crown," said Mexico coach Juan Jose Pacho, whose team won all six games it played in the tournament.
Mexico took an early 2-0 lead, but Venezuela came back with two runs in the fifth inning and two more in the seventh to grab the lead. In the bottom of the seventh, Venados' Sebastien Valle drove in two runs to tie it.
Mexico held Venezuela scoreless the next two innings, giving Vazquez the chance to win the game.
Venezuela's only two losses in the series were to Mexico.
"That's baseball," Venezuela coach Eduardo Perez said. "We played hard and gave everything on the field. Congratulations to Mexico because they did a great job and are worthy champions."
Mexico reliever Steven Hensley was credited with the win after coming in to retire Venezuela's final batter in the top of the ninth. Starter Eddy Gamboa pitched six innings, giving up nine hits and four runs -- two earned.
Renee Cortez took the loss for Venezuela, pitching two-thirds of an inning. Starter Freddy Garcia gave up four hits and two earned runs

########
Rank: 20
Score: 53.928932
Retrieved Text: Emmitsburg, Md. (April 13, 2018) - Late comeback in the eighth inning lifts LIU Brooklyn over Mount St. Mary's 11-8 in the first game of the series on Friday afternoon. Vaughn Parker II, Zack Costello, Randall Minogue, and Jared Urban each recorded multi-hit games in the loss for the Mount. Minogue went 3 for 5 with three RBIs, two doubles, two runs scored, and a homerun to help lead the Mount offense. Urban added a 3 for 4 day with three runs batted in, a run scored, and a homerun. Senior, Jesse Archambault pitched a solid 1.2 innings in relief while giving up no runs on no hits and striking out one batter.
The Blackbirds scored the first three runs of the game to take an early 3-0 lead. Gregory Vaughn was plated off of an error in the top of the first for the first run of the game. With two outs in the top of the second inning, Andrew Smith hit a two run homerun to left-center field that brought Dom Paiotti home to cross the plate with him for the Blackbirds' third run of the game.
The Mount climbed back in the bottom of the second inning to tie the game at three runs apiece. Thomas Savastio singled to right field to lead things off and was brought home off of a two run homerun from Minogue to score the Mountaineers' first two runs of the game. Senior, Brendan Dabagian scored the tying run later in the inning off of a wild pitch.
Mount St. Mary's

########
Rank: 21
Score: 53.412136
Retrieved Text: The Short Story: VCU won their fourth consecutive game on Friday behind a strong performance throughout the game, including a five-run seventh inning. The win also marked the Rams ninth victory in their last ten outings.
Jack Alkire earned his fifth win of the season, while the Rams bullpen struck out fifteen batters in the win.
La Salle scored the first run of the game in the bottom of the first after P. Sorrels homered to left. The play put the Explorers up 1-0 early.
VCU's defense, led by Connor Gillispie, held La Salle scoreless in the second through fourth innings to keep the game close.
The Rams tied the game in the top of the sixth, after Hibbits scored on Henson's RBI single. The play knotted the game up at 1-1.
Alkire led the Rams defense to four straight scoreless innings in the fifth through eighth innings, striking out seven batters along the way.
VCU got the bats going in the top of the seventh, scoring five runs in the inning. Paul Witt got things started after his RBI double down the left field line allowed Hogan Brown and Zac Ching to score. Moments later, Brandon Henson hit his second homerun of the season – a 3-run shot to left center that scored Brett Norwood and Paul Witt respectively. Heading into the bottom half of the seventh, VCU led 6-1.
Hunter Vay, Alex Taylor and Hogan Brown each scored in the top of the eighth to extend VCU's lead to 9-1.
Ching's RBI double to left in the top of the ninth pushed

########
Rank: 22
Score: 53.320152
Retrieved Text: The Padres (73-85) scored fewer runs than the Milwaukee Brewers (68-90) last night, 5-0. The loss guarantees the Padres will not finish with a better record than last year. And, before the game, Matt Kemp was shut down for the remaining five games of the season with a torn tendon in his right middle finger. I’ll let Vocal Minority Nate handle the obvious joke.
Got his 100th RBI and flipped the season the bird.
Andrew Cashner (6-16, 4.34) actually pitched fairly well for the first five innings. It was the sixth inning that did him in. The Brewers scored all five runs in the sixth inning, all charged to Cashner, who struck out seven against five hits and two walks.
Justin Upton hit his head on the left field wall while trying to field a ball hit by Logan Schafer that ended up a triple in the first inning and was removed from the game.
Zach Davies (3-2, 3.71) pitched seven innings, giving up five hits and two walks with six strikeouts.
This afternoon is the last home game of the 2015 season for the Padres. Ian Kennedy (8-15, 4.38) gets the start versus Taylor Jungmann (9-7, 3.64) with first pitch scheduled for 3:40pm PDT.
The Padres (63-67) finally scored more runs than the Philadelphia Phillies (52-79), 9-4, at Citizens Bank Park yesterday, avoiding a season series sweep.
James Shields (10-6, 3.78) pitched seven innings while allowing one run on six hits and a walk with eight strikeouts. Cameron Rupp hit a solo home run with two outs in the second inning. Odrisamer

########
Rank: 23
Score: 53.18847
Retrieved Text: Senior shortstop Charlie Serino awaits the call after being tagged out at the plate.
The weather warmed up just in time for The College at Brockport baseball team’s home opening series against SUNYAC competitor, Plattsburgh State. On Friday, March 29, the Golden Eagles hosted a midday doubleheader against the 2—11 Cardinals who were still in search of their first conference win.
Brockport’s conference record going into game one against Plattsburgh was 2—4, losing two games in each conference series the week before. The team’s spring training trip last week consisted of nine games, six of them scheduled against SUNYAC opponents, Oneonta and Oswego. The squad committed 21 errors, gave up 93 hits and 67 runs in a 3—6 effort. Hoping that the familiarity of home field would put some life into the team, Brockport only managed to win one of three games in the series.
The day of the doubleheader turned out to be a nightmare for the home squad. At the start of the first game, it seemed as though Brockport was going to cruise past Plattsburgh. Brockport opened scoring in the bottom of the third inning when sophomore outfielder Nicholas Pastore scored on an infield throwing error. Senior catcher Liam O’Leary later singled in junior outfielder Tom Kretzler to put Brockport ahead 2-0. Through the first six innings, the Plattsburgh offense was silenced by a terrific outing from senior pitcher Alex Brown. Brown struck out five while giving up five hits in six and a third innings.
After a promising start from a veteran pitcher, Brockport watched its

########
Rank: 24
Score: 53.107697
Retrieved Text: Holly Springs, N.C. – The Morehead City Marlins (18-4) defeated Holly Springs (7-17) for the fifth time this season with a 6-4 victory at Ting Park.
Octavio Mirabal (King University) made his fifth start of the summer overall and second against Holly Springs. Mirabal has now pitched into at least the fifth inning in every start so far. The senior only allowed two earned runs off of two hits on his way to his third win.
In the top of the third inning Danton Hyman (Newberry College) extend his hitting streak to 11-games with a one out single. Will Johnson (Eastern Kentucky) and Craig Lewis (Seton Hill) drew walks in the following two plate appearances. With the bases loaded Joe Mason (Pitt CC) then launched his second homerun of the summer over the left field wall to give the Marlins a 4-0 lead.
The Salamanders used a pair of hits and a walk to add two runs back on the board in the bottom of the fourth inning.
In the next inning, Johnson's grounder to the left side was bobbled by Holly Spring's third baseman, allowing the Marlins to start the frame with a runner aboard. Johnson then moved into scoring position as he picked up his tenth stolen base of the summer. Lewis's ground ball to the right side moved Johnson to third. Mason then flew out to deep left-center field, with Johnson tagging and coming into score Mason notched his fifth-RBI of the night.
In the bottom of the sixth, Holly Springs scored two more runs off two hits

########
Rank: 25
Score: 53.09176
Retrieved Text: The team celebrates with a water bath as Carson Taylor knocked home the tying run and later scored the winning run on a passed ball.
After losing the lead in the top of the ninth, Big Train had their work cut out for them in the bottom of ninth, trailing 5-4. After a string of quality at-bats and timely hitting, Carson Taylor (Virginia Tech) darted home on a wild pitch as Big Train walked off to earn their 28th win of the season.
With the score 5-4 in the bottom half of the ninth, Ben Martz (Santa Barbara CC) stepped to the plate to begin the conquest to take down the Braves. After watching two balls go by, Braves pitcher dropped two nice curveballs for strikes making the count 2-2. Martz then roped a single just out of reach of the third baseman and the comeback started. Fox Semones (James Madison) promptly laid down a perfect sac bunt to advance Bryan Diaz (Nova Southeastern), who subbed in as a pinch runner for Martz, to second base. After the Braves pitcher got Tyler Villaroman (San Francisco) to sharply line out to right field, it was up to Taylor to come up in the clutch.
And he did just that! Taylor ripped a ball over the first baseman's head, scoring Diaz from second, and tying the game at five runs apiece. The Braves then brought in a new pitcher to face Big Train slugger Alec Burleson (East Carolina). The Braves unwisely walked Burleson to put men on first and second. Some

########
Rank: 26
Score: 52.98401
Retrieved Text: Location: J.L. Johnson Stadium – Tulsa, Okla.
TULSA, Okla. – Down three after an inning, the Oral Roberts baseball team climbed all the way back and got a go-ahead double in the bottom of the eighth to top No. 19 Texas Tech Tuesday afternoon at J.L. Johnson Stadium.
ORU scored five runs on 10 hits to notch its fourth win over a Big 12 team this season, including the second of the year against the Red Raiders. Anthony Sequeira and Nick Roark each had a pair of base hits, while Roark and Derrian James each had two RBIs.
Colin Hightower shut Texas Tech down in the eighth inning and earned his first victory of the season on the mound.
Tyler Neslony led the Texas Tech offense with three of the Red Raider's 11 hits. Matt Custred, who had not allowed a run in eight appearances, took the loss after giving up the go-ahead run in the eighth.
Down 4-3 with two outs in the eighth, James blasted a double into left center field to give ORU its first lead of the game. Sequeira shut Texas Tech down in the ninth for his fourth save of the season.
Oral Roberts: Roark had two hits and two RBIs in the game. Hightower (1-0) earned the win on the mound, while Sequeira earned his fourth save of the season with a quick ninth inning.
Texas Tech: Neslony had three hits and one RBI, while Eric Gutierrez had a pair of hits and an RBI.
- ORU used seven pitchers in the victory, with Hightower earning the win

########
Rank: 27
Score: 52.89588
Retrieved Text: A day delay due to rain was no problem for COM and starter Dominic Garihan. Fresh off his CCCBCA NorCal Player of the Week Award, Garihan continued his impressive run with six innings of one run ball in an 11-1 victory on Wednesday, April 19th. The sophomore earned his sixth win of the season and dropped his ERA to 3.75 in 57.2 innings. He got plenty of support as the Mariners scored 11 times in the first three innings for a comfortable win.
After a scoreless top of the first, Marin got on the board quickly as Dominic Burke walked and scored on a one out triple by Adam Hussain. A ground out by Jakob Davidson scored Hussain to put the Mariners up 2-0. Despite having the bases empty and two away, Marin managed to keep the pressure on Solano's starter as Jake Munoz and MacLean Meyn walked before Alex Davis lined a two run double. Nick Heimbroadt followed with a double of his own as College of Marin led 5-0 at the end of the first inning.
Marcus Chiu launched another home run, his 11th of the year, in the bottom of the second, to push the advantage to 6-0.
After a scoreless top of the third, Marin put another crooked number on the board in the bottom half. With one out Heimbroadt reached on an error, and with two away Burke singled. Chiu and Davidson followed with RBI singles before Davidson stepped to the plate and connected with a three run home run to push the lead

########
Rank: 28
Score: 52.677277
Retrieved Text: The Troy Trojan softball team kicked off the 2017 season with a five-game tournament in Boca Raton, Florida, last weekend in which it notched three wins.
Troy played two games on opening day, beating Bethune-Cookman before losing to North Florida. The Trojans again split both of their games on Saturday, including a win over NC State. Finally, Troy closed out the tournament with another win over Bethune-Cookman.
The first game on Friday resulted in an 8-4 win against the Bethune-Cookman Wildcats.
After the first three innings of the contest, the Trojans found themselves down 3-0. In the top of the fourth inning, senior Becca Hartley scored Troy’s first run of the season with a solo homerun. Hartley is the Trojans’ returning homerun leader, hitting 11 over the wall last season.
With Troy down 3-1, the bats caught fire in the sixth inning. Five base hits brought in six runs, including two batted in by junior Erica Davis’ first career triple. The inning put Troy up 7-3 heading into the seventh, when each team put a runner across the plate to bring the final score to 8-4.
The Trojans then faced North Florida, but dropped the contest 5-2 after a tough third inning.
Each team scored a run in the first inning and played a scoreless second. The Ospreys took control of the game in the third inning after bringing in four runs and forcing Trojan sophomore pitcher Peyton Glover out of the game. Redshirt junior Rachel Rigney came in and finished the game without giving up a run.
Troy’s last score of the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 52.514492
Retrieved Text: ASHLAND, Va. -- Senior captain Tyler Blevins/Draper had three hits, including a home run, and three RBIs, as Hampden-Sydney College battled to a 7-7 Old Dominion Athletic Conference (ODAC) baseball tie on the road at No. 13 Randolph-Macon College on Tuesday in Ashland. The visiting Tigers (13-12-2, 7-6-1 ODAC) scored a run in the top of the ninth inning against the host and nationally-ranked Yellow Jackets (14-6-1, 10-3-1 ODAC), with the contest ending due to darkness through nine innings.
H-SC had seven runs on 10 hits … scoring two runs in the first inning, two runs in the second, one in the sixth, one in the seventh and one in the ninth. The Tigers led 4-0 after two innings and maintained the four-run advantage until the bottom of the fifth inning when R-MC scored six runs to lead 6-4. The Yellow Jackets maintained their advantage and led 7-6 into the ninth before the visitors scored an unearned run with two outs to provide for the forced deadlock.
In the first, junior Andrew Kasiski/Chesapeake (0-2, RBI) drew a one-out, base-loaded walk to score Blevins (3-5, 3 RBIs), who had singled, while classmate Jacob Bartlett/Chesterfield (2-5, RBI) added a two-out RBI single to plate junior Chase Counts/Virginia Beach (0-4), who had also walked.
In the second, Blevins blasted a two-run home run to right field with one out, scoring junior Josh Duimstra/Glen Allen (2-6), who had singled. It was Blevins' third homer this season, tying him with Counts for the team lead.
In the sixth, senior Blake Hartman/Chester (1-4) reached on a

================



======= Instance Index 6325 =========
Input Text: Context: Bailey was Jesse's nurse. He met her family at church. Jesse thanked Bailey's family for Bailey's support.

Question: How would Jesse feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: grateful to know Bailey

B: angry with Bailey

C: disappointed with Bailey

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 69.00122
Retrieved Text: The investigation into Bailey's disappearance was launched Tuesday when the real estate agent missed two appointments, one in the morning and another at noon. She worked for Land Inc. at 5710 Whitesville Road, where her employer, Jack Land, found droplets of blood in the business' back offices and on its back porch. Land called Bailey's family, who alerted police.
Investigators began going back through Bailey's appointment book, and found the last appointment she had not missed was with Powell. That was on Monday evening, apparently, as Land said he last saw Bailey between 5 and 6 p.m. that day. Police then started tracking her credit card.
Authorities said the blood found in Land's business likely came from Bailey's sustaining a blow to the head. They said Powell had defaulted on payments to Bailey and apparently was to be evicted.
Besides credit card fraud, Powell faces charges of murder, kidnapping, motor vehicle theft and parole violation, police said. He is to have an initial hearing in Columbus Recorder's Court at 9 a.m. Thursday.
Bailey's daughters, Tina Womack and Eileen Oravik, and her son, Alan Bailey, said their mother was a kind woman who loved her church, Trinity Episcopal, her grandchildren and her country.
Please rely on Ledger-Enquirer.com to bring you the latest, most accurate coverage of this story.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 68.7082
Retrieved Text: A community has gathered for the funeral of a teenage boy fatally stabbed at an Aberdeen secondary school.
Bailey Gwynne died of his injuries at the city's Royal Infirmary shortly after the incident at Cults Academy on October 28.
In the days following his death, family and fellow pupils laid tributes outside the school and a vigil was held at Cults Parish Church.
More than 300 people attended the 16-year-old's funeral, which was held at Maryculter Parish Church at 12pm on Friday.
Cults Academy pupils arrived in their green school blazers and headteacher Anna Muirhead also attended the funeral, accompanied by several teachers.
The fifth year pupil lived with his parents Kate Gwynne and John Henderson and four younger brothers in Kirkton of Maryculter, a small village a few miles from school.
In a statement released through Police Scotland last week, Bailey's family thanked people for their support.
They said: "Your kind words and lovely things you have left for Bailey. It means a lot and it would have meant a lot to Bailey.
"For all of you that were part of his life, however big or small, thank you for being there."
On Thursday, a 16-year-old accused of Bailey's murder had his appeal for bail rejected and was remanded in custody.
The teenager, who cannot be named for legal reasons, will appear in court again at a later date which has not been set.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 61.335567
Retrieved Text: Bailey's dreams will still come true.
Here is a small collection of news articles and stories about Bailey that are available.
A Flamin' Caucasian rides to the rescue.
A Conshohocken family gets a helping hand from friends in Chestnut Hill.
In depth article about Bailey's accident and some of the support we got.
New Orleans Saints and Philadelphia Eagles Help 12 year old kick off a New Year.
At the Flamin’ Caucasians concert Billy Kill announced he was selling special Conshohocken Strut CD's to benefit the Bailey Ehasz Accident Fund.
Bill Killoran announced that as the creator of two songs about Conshohocken he made a CD and was selling it for $10.00 each as a benefit for Bailey Ehasz. This is the young girl that was seriously injured in an automobile accident on Fayette Street.
people have seen Bailey on the news.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 58.946224
Retrieved Text: I first met Anjelica Kieltyka by e-mail, on May 4, 2003. Whilst in the midst of the Bailey book controversy, she wrote to me and introduced herself as the woman named "Cher" in Bailey's book. In her remarkable e-mail, she revealed her angst at being used as the "poster-child for autogynephilia" which she insists is an incorrect representation of her own true identity as a lesbian transsexual woman.
Anjelica and I began a series of e-mails and then telephone interviews, and she has agreed to help make her story, her views and her writings available openly to the community through this webpage. I will be helping her via interviews, interview reports, her photos and her own writings to present "her side to the story" via this page and my "Bailey Investigation Page". Since then we've followed up by my visiting her in Chicago, and I also met there with several of the other young trans women whom she has been mentoring and whom Bailey used as research subjects.
We'll open this page by simply displaying two of Angelica's early e-mails to me, along with some photos of her. (Note that the "...."'s in these e-mails are Anjelica's own style of streaming thoughts together, and do not represent selective quoting). These items in themselves should give the community deep pause for thought about Bailey's theories and about how they were generated.
"Anjelica contacted Bailey in the mid-1990s after seeing him on television talking about transsexualism. She hoped to explain how she viewed her own life trajectory and to share her

########
Rank: 4
Score: 56.1587
Retrieved Text: Bill Bailey's Remarkable Guide to British Birds is all about Bailey's love of birds. Funny and insightful, it positively crackles with energy, knowledge and wit as he takes us on a journey around the British isles, zooming in on those birds that enthuse him the most. Whether it's what they eat, where they fly to or how they communicate, these birds are always fascinating, and Bailey introduces us to their weird and wonderful ways in a manner that is always entertaining. If you're a parent who'd like to appear a bit clever when your child asks you the name of a bird; if you want to find a new and healthy hobby that takes you outdoors; or whether, quite simply, you want to understand a bit more about our natural environment and have a laugh at the same time, this is the perfect companion book to have.
Alongside music and stand-up, one of Bailey's favourite pastimes is birdwatching, which he has been doing since he was a child in the West Country. His earliest memories are of family outings with parents, grandparents and cousins, ticking the birds off in his little Observer's Book of Birds. As he has said about those formative years, "birdwatching gave a purpose to the day and that philosophy has carried on into my adult life". Fully illustrated by acclaimed cartoonist Quinton Winter, it will delight Bailey's fans as well as those who like a bit of armchair escapism.
Bill Bailey is a comedian, musician, actor and presenter. He is perhaps most well known

########
Rank: 5
Score: 55.75065
Retrieved Text: The late Bill Bailey starts the interview by describing his upbringing in rural Minnesota, where his family operated a small lumber business. An outstanding high school teacher sparked Bailey's interest in science, which became focused on chemistry during his undergraduate studies at the University of Minnesota, where Lee Irving Smith was a major influence. Indeed, Smith was largely responsible for Bailey's move to Illinois for graduate work with Speed Marvel and research on polymer synthesis. After a year at MIT as postdoctoral assistant to Cope, William Bailey started his teaching career at Wayne University; here he started his noted combination of organic and polymer chemistry. Five years after going to Detroit, Bailey accepted a research professorship at the University of Maryland where he spent the rest of his career. The interview concludes with an account of Bailey's long involvement with the American Chemical Society, including his presidency in 1975, and his thoughts on the current image of chemistry.
Growing up in rural Minnesota during the Depression. Family lumber business. High school teacher sparks interest in science, despite poor facilities. Athletics.
Rooming with brother, college athletics. Move to college of engineering and decision to major in chemistry. Faculty and influence of Lee Irving Smith.
PhD program with Carl Marvel. Wartime rubber program. Colleagues and junior faculty. A memorable softball game. Laboratory facilities and incidents.
Situation at MIT, new organic faculty. Research on cyclo-octatetraene.
Assistant professor at Wayne. Neil Gordon and Herbert Brown. Teaching load, start of own research school. First all-cis-diene polymer.
Research professorship. Chemical Corps and ACS committee. Ladder polymers. Monomers that

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.605175
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Bailey Knox: Check out Bailey's naughty HD vids, galleries, and chat with her on cam at her Website!
Download All Bailey's videos and galleries! Click here to visit Bailey's own site and chat with her on webcam!
Click here to visit Bailey Knox's website now!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.850487
Retrieved Text: Clayton George Bailey is an American artist who works primarily in the mediums of ceramic and metal sculpture. Born 9 March 1939 in Antigo Wisconsin Bailey attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison where he received a B.S. degree in 1961 followed by an M.S. in Art and Art Education in 1962.In 1962 Bailey serves as a technical assistant to Harvey Littleton who was conducting glassblowing seminars at the Toledo Museum of Art.
When is Clayton Bailey's birthday?
Clayton Bailey was born on the 09th of March 1939 , which was a Thursday. Clayton Bailey will be turning 81 in only 320 days from today.
How old is Clayton Bailey?
Clayton Bailey is 80 years old. To be more precise, the current age as of right now is 29266 days, 9 hours, 1 minutes and 19 seconds.
What is Clayton Bailey's zodiac sign?
Clayton Bailey's zodiac sign is Pisces.
Where was Clayton Bailey born?
Clayton Bailey was born in Antigo Wisconsin.
Is Clayton Bailey still alive?
Yes, Clayton Bailey is still alive.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 53.647736
Retrieved Text: In her dreams, Bailey is a young girl. Every night she dreams about magical dresses. Unfortunately, when Bailey wakes up, nobody wants to hear about her beautiful dreams. This is because Bailey is a boy and shouldn't be thinking about dresses at all. However, Bailey meets an older girl who is touched and inspired by Bailey's dreams and courage. Eventually they start making dresses together that represent Bailey's dreams coming to life.
MARCUS EWERT cocreated the hit animated series, Piki & Poko, Adventures in StarLand, currently being shown on MTV's LOGO channel. He is writing a memoir about his time with Allen Ginsberg and William Burroughs. He lives in San Francisco.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.9976
Retrieved Text: Beetle Bailey's creator Mort Walker has died on January 27, 2018, due to complications of pneumonia. He was 94 years old. Although he was famously known for the creation of lazy private Beetle Bailey, Walker was also known for creating Hi and Lois, a strip about a suburban family.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 52.706207
Retrieved Text: Emily Foxhall July 16, 2017 Updated: July 17, 2017 11:23 a.m.
WCMX Houston hosted its inaugural skating meet-up on Sunday, July 17, 2017, at the North Houston Skate Park.
Gretchen Bailey, 34, has cerebral palsy. She grew up with her legs in braces. She remembers watching her brother skate while she remained on the sidelines.
Bailey had dreaded the day - which came about two years ago - when she would beforced to rely on a wheelchair to get around. She knew her muscles would never get strong enough to allow her to move like her brother.
But on Sunday, a determined Bailey sat on the sidelines no more. She had discovered the world of so-called "adaptive athletics," learning to let the wheelchair become a tool to participate in sports. The Spring resident knew she could fly in her red chair down the same slopes or stairs that others skated across.
As the sun beat down Sunday afternoon at the North Houston Skate Park, Bailey prepared to share her skills with others for how to maneuver through a skate park. She felt empowered and free in her chair.
"It gave me a chance to do what I wanted to do my whole life," Bailey said. "I had always seen a wheelchair as an enemy, and not a friend."
The afternoon marked a launch-date of sorts for a gathering Bailey aims to host once a month at the park. It's where she practices every Sunday - the only day her husband Chip has off from his mail-delivery job. She calls the nascent organization WCMX

########
Rank: 11
Score: 52.586697
Retrieved Text: What if she didn't want earrings when she got older?
I came up with reason #1 so that I wouldn't have to get Bailey's ears pierced when she was a baby.
Being a new mother (and a little squeamish of needles myself), I could barely get through Bailey's immunizations without having a total meltdown. Unnecessary needles seemed...well... unnecessary.
Friday night, I took Bailey, Drew and my niece Claire to the mall. We walked by the accessory store Claire's (which my niece proudly claimed as her own) just as someone was getting her ears pierced. Bailey stopped and watched as this little girl screamed her bloody head off. Awesome.
Later it was time to leave and I said, "Okay, let's go get a cookie, get Bailey's ears pierced and head home." I was just trying to make light of what we'd seen earlier at that accessory temple of doom.
But Bailey said, "Okay, Mom. I'm ready for earrings." You could have swept the floor with my jaw as it dropped open. What a brave girl!
Bailey walked into the store, selected her bling, and hopped into the chair. Then we waited for years (okay it was only 15 minutes, but felt like years) until two associates could assist us. Getting both ears pierced at the same time was a must!
Bailey was totally calm - even waiting. I asked her if she wanted to hold my hand, but she said that she didn't need to. And when they pierced her ears, she didn't even flinch. She didn't shed one tear.
I remember when I got

########
Rank: 12
Score: 52.37796
Retrieved Text: George H. Bailey is a male celebrity.
He was born on Tuesday December 22nd 1896, in Melksham, England,.
George H. Bailey is practical, down to earth with strong ideas about right and wrong. He is orderly and organized, systematic and controlled. Decisive and methodical George is employing a step by step rational approach to problems solving, and once committed - he does not give up easily!
Bailey is not one for "get rich quick" schemes. Seeking to establish a solid foundation, George H. Bailey would rather use hard work and long hours to build a business or career. Precise, tenacious and persevering, he has great potential for success, but only after putting out effort and overcoming the limitations he so often encounters. Justice and honesty are sacred to George. He is reliable and dependable, a cornerstone in the community.
Though not an idealist, George H. Bailey is willing to work for a better world in a realistic way. However, he can be rigid in his ideas and sometimes too quick in judging his fellow man. He is loyal to those he loves and works well with others. It is important that while being part of a team Bailey has his own responsibility and well-defined task; he performs better when his responsibilities are not overlapping with those of others. George H. Bailey has to be careful not to be bossy and rude. He possesses rare discipline and perseverance and not everyone can keep up with him.
Bailey's love of work often leads him into a career early in life. Because of his

########
Rank: 13
Score: 52.18805
Retrieved Text: AS HE gets home after a hard day's work, Bailey Johnson proudly says "I'm buggered".
The 20-year-old has just finished his first shift at Hervey Bay restaurant Soy Asian Cuisine.
Bailey, like other boys his age, enjoys beer, playing pool and girls.
But he also has a rare terminal disease called leukodystrophy.
The disease affects the brain, spinal cord and peripheral nerves and significantly shortens a person's life.
The larger-than-life character was struggling to find a job but the wait was worth it as he scored the gig at at his favourite restaurant.
This was after his mum Linda Johnson posted online in a local community group to let everyone know Bailey was looking for a job.
Soy Asian Cuisine owner Maggie Geale knew Bailey would be the perfect fit, as he already knew the menu from being a regular customer.
Taking on duties both at the front counter and in the kitchen, Bailey's tasks include serving customers, folding menus and packing takeaway meals.
He also loves his uniform and name tag.
The aspiring chef, whose favourite Asian meal is honey chicken, once had the opportunity to cook alongside famous chef Manu after winning a competition.
He has been feeling like a celebrity himself ever since receiving the job because members of the public come into the store to congratulate him on his role.
Other staff have taken a liking to Bailey as well, helping him out along the way.
Bailey is part of the Endeavour Foundation.
He cannot wait until the day he gets to make food deliveries to the organisation as part of his restaurant role.
Bailey's life expectancy

########
Rank: 14
Score: 51.95429
Retrieved Text: Mr. Bailey was appointed by the Newton County Board of Education on March 15, 2016 to serve the remainder of Mr. Stan Edwards term after he resigned to run for Board of Commission District 1. He then was re-elected for a new term in November 2018. Mr. Bailey is a native of Newton County and has lived in District 1 for the last 20 years. He is married to his wife of 20+ years, Alonda Hodges Bailey—a teacher at Mansfield Elementary School. Mr. and Mrs. Bailey have three daughters (Anna Beth; Kaitlyn; Kristen,) who all currently attend schools in the Newton County School System.
Mr. Bailey is the Executive Pastor at Eastridge Community Church, where he has been on staff for 16 years. After graduating from Newton County High School in 1992, he attended the University of Georgia before graduating from Mercer with a Bachelor in Business Information Systems. He is currently working on his Masters of Divinity at Luther-Rice Seminary.
Mr. Bailey has served the Covington Newton County Chamber of Commerce as chairman of Leadership Newton County with five years service and three years on the Special Events Committee. He and his family have a great appreciation for the arts and have volunteered with both the Covington Regional Ballet and the Arts Association of Newton County.
He has a passion for learning and leading. Mr. Bailey's life mission statement is to be a catalyst for change in whatever opportunity is presented.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 51.80063
Retrieved Text: In 1971, when F. Lee Bailey represented Captain Ernest Medina in his court-martial for his involvement in the incident at My Lai, he was already a prominent figure in criminal defense. Bailey had achieved fame for his successful defense in the retrial of Dr. Samuel Sheppard ("The Fugitive") and the trial of the "Boston Strangler". In those and other publicized trials, F. Lee Bailey used the media to an extent rarely before seen in legal circles. Bailey was called by one observer "a deep-voiced self-admirer who never met a camera he didn't like." After Bailey's successful defense of Captain Medina, he continued to add to his list of celebrated clients which now include SLA kidnapping victim Patty Hearst (defendant in Bailey's most devastating courtroom defeat) and O.J. Simpson.
F. Lee Bailey doesn't just represent people who are in trouble, he often finds himself in some as well. In 1970, Bailey was censured by a Massachusetts judge for "his philosophy of extreme egocentricity." The judge added that disbarment wouldn't be a bad idea. In 1996 Bailey spent 43 days in federal prison for failing to account for $3 million in assets belonging to a client. The IRS has a tax lien against him for over $200,000, claiming he underpaid in 1990 and 1992.
F. Lee Bailey has written seventeen books (Not all have been without controversy. Patty Hearst challenged her bank robbery conviction in part on the grounds that Bailey did a poor job representing her because he was busy trying to get the book deal.) Although he has

########
Rank: 16
Score: 50.90702
Retrieved Text: Our Side of the Tracks: Utah part three.
Oh yes, there is still a bit more to share about our trip to Utah last month. You're welcome.
The occasion for our visit was my sweet niece Bailey's baby blessing. It was so nice to be there; Sam gave Bailey a beautiful blessing. It's so fun to see my brother as a dad, totally wrapped around his daughter's little finger! Of course, right after the blessing Clyde's little incident occurred, so there went the majority of our afternoon. We did make it over to Sam and Terri's house eventually to visit and eat delicious food.
Heidi got to hold Bailey!
Will tried on Bailey's shoes.
Uncle Cody got some Bailey time, too.
The next day it was time to head home, but we fit in a little more fun before hitting the road.
Clyde happily sat and watched Heidi teach a swimming lesson. He was well aware that he himself couldn't swim because of the stitches, but he loved watching!
Then we stopped by a farm! Well, not really a farm, just the backyard of some Smith family friends, the Franks. They very nicely let us walk around and see all of their animals, which Clyde and Will both loved.
Chickens! When we left, Clyde enthusiastically shouted, "Bye, black chickens!!" Apparently I have not successfully raised 'colorblind' children :).
Clyde had been excited all weekend to see 'Reed's pigs'.
Will and Unky Quinn. Best buds.
Clyde and Big Will. Likewise best buds. Thanks for being our tour guide, Will, and thank you to the Franks family for letting us

########
Rank: 17
Score: 50.102478
Retrieved Text: SAN ANTONIO - A jury on Wednesday awarded a San Antonio family just under $125 million in their civil suit against Audi and a driver.
Just over three years ago, Jesse Rivera Jr., who was 7 at the time, was critically injured when the Audi he was riding in was rear-ended.
His father was driving Jesse and his brother to school when they were hit by Gloria Cordova. Jesse was left partially paralyzed and blind in one eye after the crash.
Jesse's parents sued Audi and Cordova. The family claimed that the driver's seat Jesse's father was sitting in was defective. They claimed the defective seat allowed the father's head to strike Jesse's, causing the injuries.
"We truly, truly hope that this leads to consideration by the auto manufacturer to study and control their seats so that this never ever happens to another child or another family," Fidel Rodriguez Jr. said on behalf of the family.
The father and Jesse's brother were not seriously injured in the crash.
During closing arguments, lawyers for the auto maker said the seats met industry standards. They said that Cordova is responsible for the crash and suggested that the child was not properly restrained.
The family was originally asking for $164 million.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 49.84654
Retrieved Text: Image caption Gareth Bailey was described by his family as "loved by everyone who knew him"
A man has appeared in court charged with murdering a man at a house near Skegness.
Gareth Bailey, 29, died in hospital after he was found seriously injured at his home at Chapman Court, Ingoldmells, on 6 December.
Steven Feeley, 39, of Eudo Road, Skegness appeared at Lincoln Crown Court via video link.
He entered no plea and was remanded in custody to appear again on 18 January.
A 25-year-old woman arrested in connection with the inquiry has been released under investigation.
Mr Bailey's family paid tribute to the father of three, saying: "His heart was always in the right place, he was loved by everyone who knew him and lived everyday to its fullest.
"He lived for his three children, cherished his brother James, his beautiful sister Rachael and did anything for his mum and dad.
"We are going to miss you and love you very dearly, rest in peace son forever in our hearts."

########
Rank: 19
Score: 49.840214
Retrieved Text: Children's author Helen Bailey's fiance has been found guilty of her murder. Ian Stewart, 56, had denied murdering Helen Bailey at their home in Royston, Hertfordshire, in order to get his hands on her near-£4m fortune. He was found guilty at St Albans Crown Court.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 49.78221
Retrieved Text: A committee of the Cook County Board Monday approved a replacement for Rev. Harold Bailey on an advisory panel to Sheriff Michael Sheahan.
Bailey, chairman of the Cook County Board of Corrections, contends that Sheahan wants him out because he sued the sheriff over his selection of Callie Baird to run the County Jail.
Sheriff's spokesman Bill Cunningham said that Sheahan and Bailey have philosophical differences and that Bailey's term on the advisory panel had expired.
Sheahan's recommendation of community activist Munir Muhammad to replace Bailey goes to the full County Board Tuesday for approval.
Bailey's supporters urged the committee Monday not to approve Muhammad, saying the sheriff was attempting to use Muhammad to make an end run around a judge's ruling to remove Baird.
Cunningham pointed out that Sheahan forwarded Muhammad's name as a replacement for Bailey prior to the judge's order.
After Monday's meeting, Muhammad said he would be an independent voice on the board.
Of the Baird matter, he said, "They already voted on that, they've done litigation. That previous board prevailed."
Sheahan is appealing Judge Martin Agran's order to remove Baird on the grounds that the sheriff's appointment was illegal.
Under state law, the sheriff picks a jail director from a list of three finalists forwarded by the Corrections Board. Baird was not among the board's final three.
The County Board's Legislation & Intergovernmental Relations Committee Monday voted 6-1 in favor of Muhammad with one commissioner voting present.
"The sheriff has the right to make the appointment and that's the one thing we have to keep in mind," said Commissioner Deborah Sims (D-Chicago).
In

########
Rank: 21
Score: 49.66539
Retrieved Text: LOS ANGELES (AP) — A 13-year-old boy was miraculously rescued Monday after falling into a river of sewage in Los Angeles, getting swept away and spending more than 12 hours in the city’s toxic and mazelike underground sewer system.
Video released by the city later in the day showed long dark marks on the sides of the dank sewage pipe, which was about 4 feet (1 meter) in diameter, where Jesse's fingers would have slid.
"They never gave up hope," Hagekhalil said. "They wanted to bring Jesse back to his family."
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti was among the many Angelinos closely watching the rescue efforts for Jesse. In a string of tweets , Garcetti praised rescuers and thanked the teen's family for their "patience and optimism during this harrowing experience."
"We're keeping Jesse's health and recovery in our thoughts today," he said.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.47071
Retrieved Text: The phenomenal New York Times Number One bestseller about the unbreakable bond between a dog and their human. Now a major film starring Dennis Quaid.This is the remarkable story of one endearing dog's search for his purpose over the course of several lives. More than just another charming dog story, A Dog's Purpose touches on the universal quest for an answer to life's most basic question: Why are we here? Surprised to find himself reborn as a rambunctious golden-haired puppy after a tragically short life as a stray mutt, Bailey's search for his new life's meaning leads him into the loving arms of eight-year-old Ethan. During their countless adventures, Bailey joyously discovers how to be a good dog. But this life as a family pet is not the end of Bailey's journey. Reborn as a puppy yet again, Bailey wonders - will he ever find his purpose? Heartwarming, insightful, and often laugh-out-loud funny, A Dog's Purpose is not only the emotional and hilarious story of a dog's many lives, but also a dog's-eye commentary on human relationships and the unbreakable bonds between man and man's best friend. This moving and beautifully crafted story teaches us that love never dies, and that every creature on earth is born with a purpose.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.31771
Retrieved Text: That's pretty creative for me- ha!
Extra tablecloths can be quite handy.
And smart: I've ordered quite a bit of the meal from Market Street.
I would be aching for them - not spending Thanksgiving with family - but they are!!!!
Bailey's mom, Robin, got to Scotland today!!!
Bailey captioned the picture with "MOM MADE IT TO GLASGOW!"
see you soon! we will miss will and bailey too... but at least we have each other!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.11799
Retrieved Text: 10 Jul 2018 'I've met someone I really like': RHOA star Bailey gushes about new mystery man after split from Jones. But that hasn't stopped Real Housewives of Atlanta star Bailey from and enjoying life on her own. A year after her divorce from Peter Thomas, the 51. 1 Nov 2018 When dishing with Us Weekly, NeNe shared,seems like she's so in love." She added, "Mike super nice." And then, NeNe dropped. 26 Feb 2018 Bailey Says The Real Housewives of Atlanta Has "Put a Strain". Bailey Taking a Different Approach to After Divorce. 20 Aug 2018 Bailey has found a new man. After publicly alleged "opportunist" Jones, as shown on the last season of the Real. 10 Jul 2018 Bailey says she's thinking about settling down again, as her After splitting with Thomas in 2017 and briefly Jones, Bailey. 28 Jan 2018 Bailey and Jones' budding romance hit a stumbling block on before the world knew he was, like two months ago. 22 Aug 2018 'Real Housewives of Atlanta' star, Bailey Fox sportscaster, Mike Hill and flaunting her new love on social media. After ending things with Jones, Bailey said she was finally ready to be in an. Steve Harvey, match-maker, at it again! This time, 'Real Housewives of Atlanta' star. 29 Oct 2018 “We had met a few months before, we went on,”, 51, explained. “I was still other people as well, but he was consistent.
4 Nov 2018 Last season on Real Housewives of Atlanta, Bailey had ventured out into the scene, but there

########
Rank: 25
Score: 48.932487
Retrieved Text: Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was an American traveling circus company billed as The Greatest Show on Earth. It and its predecessor shows ran from 1871 to 2017. Known as Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Combined Shows, the circus started in 1919 when the Barnum & Bailey's Greatest Show on Earth, a circus created by P. T. Barnum and James Anthony Bailey, was merged with the Ringling Bros. World's Greatest Shows. The Ringling brothers had purchased Barnum & Bailey Ltd. following Bailey's death in 1906, but ran the circuses separately until they were merged in 1919.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 48.54159
Retrieved Text: Tae Kwon Do-practicing techies harness the power of martial arts to solve problems.
When Infoblox founder Stuart Bailey, 34, discovered moving to Sunnyvale, California, was a condition of his venture funding, he knew there was one person he couldn't afford to leave in Evanston, Illinois: his tae kwon do instructor, Master Soon Chul Kim.
Bailey's relationship with Kim stretches back to 2000, when Bailey wandered into the studio below his company's office and signed up for a class to counterbalance the long hours he was likely to put in on his startup. Within six months, all 10 of Infoblox's original team, focused on developing technology to help companies manage various IT network resources, had signed up. So when Bailey was faced with moving, he sought to maintain the culture of confidence martial arts helped nurture.
These days, Kim holds two daily classes for Infoblox employees, family and friends at the on-site studio to help foster a sense of community at the company, which anticipates 2005 revenue to reach between $20 million and $30 million. Says Bailey, "When people know each other, and they can communicate well and can have that kind of resonance between each other, they can solve problems."

########
Rank: 27
Score: 48.29399
Retrieved Text: Bailey was found beaten eating out of garbage cans a year or so old when I rescued her from certain death. Bailey was a terrified pup who thought she'd get a beating for anything she did, but I just released from the Army for progressive MS had all the time in the world to rehabilitate her and make her feel safe. We moved home to Virginia and a few years later we met her daddy who fell in love as everyone did with the sweet, always affectionate Bailey. Because of her wonderful nature I worker with German Shepherd groups with Bailey by my side. Bailey had two brothers and a baby sister, all GSD rescues, life was full of play, treats, and all the love I could ever give her! Bailey's back legs finally gave out due to the abuse and neglect she suffered prior to finding her. She was put to sleep at home on her favorite bed while I held her crying and telling her that she saved me and was going bak to God, then laid to rest in the back yard next to the dog fence. Rest in Peace my angel, I will see you again at the rainbow bridge but, until then my heart will ache every day. I love you so much, you were not a dog but an angel!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 48.06586
Retrieved Text: Science Couldn’t Explain Why She Was Sick… And Then A ‘Miracle’ Happened.
A teenage girl named Bailey went through the ultimate nightmare : For 11 days, she was inexplicably paralyzed from the waist down.
Doctors and nurses tried to diagnose her, but kept coming up short. For what were probably the longest 11 days of her life, Bailey had to keep guessing whether or not she Would walk again. One of the things that got her through this difficult time was the help and support of the hospital's amazing nursing staff.
On the 12th day, one of Bailey's beloved nurses came in for her shift - what happened next is nothing short of a miracle.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 48.002895
Retrieved Text: The Art Key by Tom Flynn. 2009.
The Frankfurt School philosopher Walter Benjamin once remarked that to a true collector the acquisition of an old book represents its rebirth. Every book has its fate, he wrote, but quite what Benjamin would have thought of the digitizing of libraries is a moot point. However, one can be confident that as a committed bibliophile he would have approved of the highly original new body of work by the Jerwood Photographic Prize-winning artist Veronica Bailey currently on view in London's Old Bond Street.
Walking through an art fair a few months ago I was brought up short by one of Bailey's large format photographs, which showed the marbled pattern that appears on the edges of the pages of a hand-bound antiquarian book when closed or slightly ajar. Somehow she had captured something more than just the look of the book. She had alighted on a certain quality of old books that Benjamin so brilliantly described in his now famous essay 'Unpacking My Library'.
A new exhibition of two series of Bailey's photographic works, entitled 'Hours of Devotion' and 'Shelf Life', has just opened at the galleries of London Old Master dealers Colnaghi as a collaboration between Bernheimer Fine Art Photography and GBS Fine Art.
It may seem odd to encounter contemporary photography at the galleries of one of London's oldest Old Master dealerships, but in fact Colnaghi has been exhibiting photography since the 1850s when they showed the Crimean War pictures of pioneering photographer Roger Fenton.
Veronica Bailey provides an interesting historical conjunction between

================



======= Instance Index 24957 =========
Input Text: Context: Kendall told Addison the answer to a question but Kendall doubted them so Addison googled it and proved to Kendall their answer was correct.

Question: Why did Addison do that?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: wanted to show their knowledge

B: know how to google

C: Addision wanted to show their ignorance

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 68.81108
Retrieved Text: The lives of three families have been forever changed as a result of a suspected DWI accident just a few miles west of Fort Bend County on I-10.
Early last Thursday, about 2:30 in the morning, Katherine Addison, 48, and her 12 year old son Kendall Addison of Simonton were killed in a traffic accident on I-10 just west of Brookshire. According to law enforcement reports, Ms. Addison and her son were traveling west bound on I-10 when she had a flat tire. Katherine and Kendall Addison were both killed when a passing pickup truck hit their car and it burst into flames. Kendall was a 6th grade student at LCISD’s Wertheimer campus, next to Briscoe Jr High and Foster High School.
The driver of the truck that hit and killed the Addisons had been identified as Taylor McShan, 23, of Sealy. He and a friend, probationary Katy police officer Cody Parchman were reportedly headed westbound on I-10 after leaving a Katy area bar. According to reports, McShan was driving because Parchman had been drinking, however, McShan was operating the truck without a valid driver’s license.
After the accident and medical treatment, McShan was taken to the Waller County Jail and charged with two counts of intoxication manslaughter. Parchman, the probationary Katy police officer and McShan’s passenger, was initially suspended from the police force but has since been terminated. Parchman had been with the Katy police since December of 2011. Prior to that, Parchman was a deputy sheriff for Fort Bend County.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 62.34512
Retrieved Text: My wife and I have recently used Kendall Cars to get to and from Gatwick Airport and we are very happy with the way we have been treated. Polite staff and reasonable price. We will certainly use them again!
Amazing service. We used Kendall cars to get us to our festival, and our driver went above and beyond to make sure we found him at the end of the festival. Thank you so much to Dave, our driver. I will be recommending him to everyone I know. Thanks again Dave!
Fantastic service. Lady on phone lovely and so helpful. Drivers are always helpful and professional. Thankyou.
Travelled to LGW today - courteous driver, efficiently booked, clean car. And excellent VFM - will now change from Addison Lee for future bookings.
Many thanks, please keep up the service!
Whenever I'm out in The City after work, I know Kendall's have got my back. If I'm flying home solo or bringing back some colleagues, they're always prompt and reliable.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 61.977165
Retrieved Text: Published 04/21/2019 02:42:49 am at 04/21/2019 02:42:49 am in Orb Wall Sconce.
orb wall sconce truelite industrial vintage mini 2 light metal orb wall sconce wire cage lamp .
orb wall sconce,definition wall sconce,orb wall sconces,orb wall sconce lighting,gold orb wall sconce,car wall sconce, designers fountain orb addison light inch oil rubbed designers fountain orb addison light inch oil rubbed bronze wall sconce wall light, designers fountain orb kendall light inch oil rubbed designers fountain orb kendall light inch oil rubbed bronze wall sconce wall light in frosted, design house millbridge light orb wall sc abg great design house millbridge light wall sconce oil rubbed bronze finish , sweet deal on filament design orb light wall sconce in oil rubbed filament design orb light wall sconce in oil rubbed bronze, willlustr rust iron wall sconce rustic metal foucault vintage lamp willlustr rust iron wall sconce rustic metal foucault vintage lamp half semi orb candle lighting industrial gyro loft lightin led indoor wall lamps from .

########
Rank: 3
Score: 56.34708
Retrieved Text: Kendall: You can lose the smirk, Ryan.
Kendall: You think my soft spot's showing again.
Ryan: Don't worry, I won't let it get out.
Kendall: Look, just because I'm glad Erica's not dead doesn't mean we're going to start baking cookies together. I'm still watching my back when she's around.
Kendall: Dammit, this better be life or death!
Ryan: I can't imagine why you're still single.
Ryan: Yeah. Question. What is a Slow, Red-Hot, Tongue-Twisting Kiss?
Kendall: I'm surprised you're not familiar with that.
Ryan: Can you help me out?
Kendall: I'll have to show you in person.
Kendall: That sounds like a date to me. Boy, girl, food, fun, moonlight.
Kendall: Plus, since it's a ball game, chances are somebody's going to score.
Ryan:Are you interested, or should I get someone else?
Kendall: You wouldn't dream of it.
Kendall: Hey, Ryan, do those players still wear those tight pants?
Kendall: Oh. Bring your binoculars. I like to watch them rearrange things.
Kendall: Go ahead and say it, Ryan. You care about me.
Ryan: Damned if I know why, but I do care about you.
Ryan: You know, sometimes you make it really hard to hate you. You try. You definitely, definitely give it a good shot. But now that I know who you really are, I, I can't help this.
Kendall: So who am I really?
Ryan: Why, why are you fighting this, Kendall? I'm, I'm curious. I mean, you open yourself up and you make me like you. I mean, you made me like you a lot.
Ryan: You know what, you really have a lot to learn. You do, you do, because if you

########
Rank: 4
Score: 54.800003
Retrieved Text: Glorious Gay Days: In search of peace.
My Uncle's first significant boyfriend was Kendall. We enjoyed him so much and we called him "Aunt Kendall" as a term of endearment and to prove that we claimed him as ours. After a few years my Uncle and Aunt Kendall decided that they were better as friends than as partners. Both my Uncle and Aunt Kendall moved on and found new love, but they remained close friends. (They lived in the same neighborhood.) We remained connected to Aunt Kendall too. We would take a couples trip to L.A. every June with my Uncle & Tom, Aunt Kendall & his boyfriend to visit Del & Jason and all our other L.A. friends. This was the first year in many that we did not have a June L.A. couples trip planned.
Last month Aunt Kendall sent me an email and it said, simply: "Reminder that Aunt Kendall loves and misses you."
On Friday, Aunt Kendall hung himself with his belt in his bedroom closet. He did not leave a note.
I haven't be able to process this event fully. I am in shock. I am confused. I am sad. It is hard to accept that my worldly relationship with Aunt Kendall has ended. I won't see him any more. I won't get to hang out with him again. I won't get to hear his stories told in his Mississippi accent again. He is gone. Aunt Kendall is gone, and he left behind all his friends and family that loved him so much.
Reminder that we

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.288445
Retrieved Text: I am a fan of the title of Stephen Colbert's book, I Am America (And So Can You). And this title comes to mind in considering whether there is anything that other cities in the world can learn from Kendall Square in Cambridge, Mass.
Cambridge is the home of two of the world’s greatest universities: MIT and Harvard. Some other cities have their share of colleges and universities but Kendall Square’s success at attracting billions in capital suggests that those cities would have to do some serious soul searching for their institutions of higher learning to get into this game.
If colleges in other regions have any hopes of competing, they must pick a specialty where they can be among the world’s leading talent magnets.
When I studied and worked in Cambridge’s Kendall Square – the home of MIT -- it was beginning a building boom that has lasted for at least 30 years and has accelerated in the last decade or so. Despite the ability of people around the world to communicate cheaply via the Internet, location matters.
And one interesting change in the importance of location is that newly minted graduates of MIT and Harvard want to live and work in an urban environment rather than living in the suburbs and commuting to an office park near a major urban ring road.
Capital flows to top talent. And that capital gets invested in building offices and living spaces – not to mention paying salaries and benefits to the world’s brightest brains. In Kendall Square, that talent falls into two

########
Rank: 6
Score: 53.796272
Retrieved Text: You didn't think we'd get halfway through New York Fashion Week without a Kendall Jenner moment, right? The model took to the Diane von Furstenberg runway this afternoon (alongside Naomi Campbell no less!) and did that thing that's been so good for her career: blending in perfectly with everyone else. I mean that in an absolutely amazing way too. Think back to when we spotted her at Chanel: There was no moment of "Oh my gosh, that's Kendall Jenner!!" It was more like, "Oh my gosh, is that Kendall Jenner?" From her early Vogue moments to developing killer off-duty-model style, it's been fun watching her career really blossom. And for the latest entry in her professional diary, this is a great one—she looks amazing. Would you have noticed that this was Kendall right away?
You didn't think we'd get halfway through New York Fashion Week without a Kendall Jenner moment, right? The model took to the Diane von Furstenberg runway this afternoon (alongside Naomi Campbell no less!) and did that thing that's been so good for her career: blending in perfectly with everyone else.
And then Kendall proved she was a pretty face with staying power, making a big mark on New York's spring 2015 shows. To kick things off, she looked beyond beautiful in black and white at DVF.
I mean that in an absolutely amazing way too. Think back to when we spotted her at Chanel: There was no moment of "Oh my gosh, that's Kendall Jenner!!" It was more like, "Oh my gosh, is that Kendall

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.621902
Retrieved Text: Zach, Erica and Ryan agree on one thing - Greenlee stole Spike! Jack isn't so sure. Kendall learns the truth about Spike.
Jack and Erica are kissing all the way through the airport, both in their own world. She tells Jack she likes their illicit affair and isn't looking forward to getting back together for real. Pam walks in with Josh. He tells them about Kendall's labor and missing Spike, shocking Jack and Erica.
Joe introduces Zach to the specialist they've brought in to treat Kendall. They begin talking about different medical approaches but all Zach can think about is Kendall, who is sleeping. Kendall wakes, worried about the baby. Joe reassures her that the baby is fine. They tell her about the specialist which panics Kendall. Zach sits with her, saying the specialist is just a precaution and that the baby is fine. The specialist returns and begins to examine Kendall.
In the lobby, Babe is watching a television report about Kendall and Spike. Di and Annie arrive, worried that Greenlee has finally gone off the deep end. They ask about Kendall. Ryan walks in with Tad and Aidan. Annie runs to him, telling Ryan to be positive. Tad fills Di in on the police search and Aidan reassures Ryan. Zach and Joe come out to tell the gathering about Kendall. Zach asks them all to keep the news about Spike out of Kendall's room. Jonathan walks in, offering to help look for the baby. Aidan asks Annie and Di to come with him to the police station.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 53.345352
Retrieved Text: Selena Gomez is reportedly upset with Kendall Jenner for getting cosy with former boyfriend Justin Bieber.
According to a report in Hollywood Life, the former Disney star feels betrayed by the 18-year-old Keeping Up With The Kardashians star.
"Selena says it makes her skin crawl just thinking about how two faced Kendall is. The whole situation is super twisted. Selena knows Kendall and Justin hooked up behind her back because one of his really close friends told her. Selena blames Justin because he was the one cheating but she thinks Kendall is just as bad because she lied about it and acted like her friend," a source told the website.
"Selena tried to fool herself for a long time because she's friends with so many of Kendall's friends," the insider added.
"She didn't want to make drama and make it awkward for everyone. Selena's embarrassed by how much drama there's been because of her and Justin she knows people make fun of her for it so she tries really hard to downplay it."
Earlier there were reports that Gomez and Bieber broke up over Jenner.
The Boyfriend singer was spotted with the model at Ferdi restaurant in Paris, last year in September and Gomez was reportedly furious about it.
However, it was later reported that the Come & Get It singer felt that she responded too emotionally to Bieber's dinner date with Jenner.
"Kendall is super charming when she wants to be, and Selena got sucked in by her," an insider added. "Selena wanted to believe Kendall, so she did for a little while.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.772667
Retrieved Text: What's up with the Kardashian? Is Kendall Jenner also pregnant?
Home News and Gossip What’s up with the Kardashian? Is Kendall Jenner also pregnant?
What’s up with the Kardashian? Is Kendall Jenner also pregnant?
Kendall Jenner sparks the rumor of now her being pregnant by an Instagram post.
The keen eye of the Kardashian fans misses nothing. In a recent photo posted by Kendall on her Instagram started pregnancy rumors.
The Picture titled as loner life, caused a ruckus that only a kardashian can manage. In a tight fitting dress, the model shows off a little bulge creating the illusion of a Baby Bump.
While another Jenner, Kylie is not ready to clear the air for her rumored pregnancy. Take a look on how Kylie is adamant on keeping her fans waiting for the confirmation.
Kendall Jenner however was generous enough to not let us be in suspense. She happily shared that this is all ‘Bagels’ fault. Her love for Bagel and the holiday spirits have created the bulge in question.
After this Post everybody has been contemplating about the priorities and goals Kendall mentions. While the world thought of her recent shift to a Photography Career or her existing Modelling Career could be the reason behind this.
This news or no news might have brought in a new perspective. May be Kendall wants to lay low for the upcoming bagel trip. Whether the fans are satisfied with answer or not, Kendall’s Tummy will have the paparazzi’s attention.
Pregnant or not Kardashian’s sure knows how to direct attention towards themselves. To read more of Kardashian news

########
Rank: 10
Score: 52.564205
Retrieved Text: In case you haven't kept up with Kylie Jenner lately, the beauty mogul and self-made billionaire has been sharing photos from her recent vacation to Mexico. The 21-year-old headed there with her 13-month-old Stormi Webster and her daughter's father, Travis Scott, confirming that the pair's relationship is as solid as ever in the wake of rumors that they were struggling after Kylie discovered some DMs from other women on Scott's Instagram account, per TMZ. There's still one question lingering about the whole thing, though: While on "baecation," as Kylie put it, she and Scott had their own photoshoot while cuddling in a pool, prompting Kendall Jenner to ask how exactly they got these photos.
"Who took these pics?," Kendall commented on the slideshow her younger sister posted. "Love a third wheel." It didn't take long for Kylie to respond to Kendall—and her answer was perfect. "Self timer baby," she wrote.
It's Stormi who has brought the couple closer together, apparently, which isn't surprising. "Every time Kylie sees Travis interacting with Stormi and being a great father, she falls in love with him even more," a different source told E! News. "It was great for them to spend time together as a family, and Kylie feels more at ease about their relationship and where she stands with him." Honestly, with moments as sweet as Scott helping Stormi walk down steps across a pool, it's no wonder Kylie and Scott are falling in love all over again.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 52.554005
Retrieved Text: Including one that clapped back at a Kardashian critic.
While 2016 may have been the year of realizing things for Kylie Jenner, for Kendall, it was the year of solidifying her role as a supermodel and street style favorite. On her app, she broke down all of her favorite looks and even included options to copy them for less. One of her faves? That controversial Slayer tee she wore after a bandmate wore a "Kill the Kardashians" tee. We can see why Kendall Jenner loved that look; it was the ultimate clapback — and as we've learned, she never misses an opportunity to defend and support her sisters.
Kendall’s bold sense of style continues to evolve with every look she wears. As we head into 2017, we can only imagine the street style outfits she has in store, which are often a collaboration with her famed stylist, Monica Rose. Whether she's inspiring the most-googled fashion question of the year with her cut-off sleeves, or influencing the most-searched fashion trend with her bomber jacket, one thing's for sure: her style choices will continue to have an impact. To see all of Kendall's favorite street style outfits of 2016, head over to her app.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 52.521503
Retrieved Text: Are You Looking For Short Sales For Sale In Kendall West?
You might find working with a company like JoinBuyersList.com is much easier than working with a traditional Realtor. If you have been down that road already, you might have come to realize that buying Short Sales For Sale in Kendall West can be hard. Actually getting them under contract without making a million offers, spending a million on marketing, or having to compete with professional investors who always seem to beat you to it, seems impossible.
That is why we are your golden ticket to Short Sales For Sale in Kendall West. We are insiders. Working with us just gained you the insider’s advantage! Not only that, but we have already spent the money on marketing, face time, and 20 other things you would not believe if I told you in order to bring you the best wholesale Short Sales For Sale in Kendall West and throughout South Florida.
JoinBuyersList.com offers more Short Sales For Sale in Kendall West than any other Florida Property Wholesaler. We Sell OFF MLS / OFF MARKET Short Sales For Sale in Kendall West, just like you like!
We are easy to reach by phone, text, email, and chat, and operate from 8:30 A.M. to 7:00 P.M., Monday through Friday. We love our customers so much, you might catch us up late after hours or on the weekends too! When you are ready to buy Short Sales For Sale in Kendall West, we will be here to help.
JoinBuyersList.com offers a wide variety of Short

########
Rank: 13
Score: 52.393486
Retrieved Text: At trader joe's, decided to the couples is shipping this season 5 of 'bachelor in paradise' breakup! Do joe amabile and kendall apologized, kendall, kendall approached joe amabile has accepted an offer to end things after 'bachelor in paradise. Leo, or do things after bachelor in paradise. Kendall and kendall and are bad except grocery joe. Jenna, long and amabile and grocery store joe. It's time for fan favorite grocery store joe have been dating for her out between him. As grocery joe, regardless of thorns: kendall told joe and leo dottavio stepped into joe have some major shakeups. Congratulations, coming in paradise full episodes online on kufrin's season 5 of bachelor in paradise? Stars' will be hitting it official after their. So is the season finale sneak peek: 'i love you'. Underwood, left online dating unfair for guys, especially those who placed fourth on the ocean for the way with. Com and joe back after splitting during the. Jen garner 'dating someone new' after six weeks, who placed fourth on hulu later tells joe still together. This season; steve says she made a whirlwind 48 hours for joe. Leo asked her quirky, left paradise, they got her quirky, especially those who placed fourth on kufrin's season finale of. Instead, which includes kendall so is treating toxic masculinity in paradise until leo dottavio reportedly dated before filming. During the fifth season 5 of how it together. Honestly, we were among the fifth season 5 is. Jen garner 'dating someone new' after bip, and kendall long were

########
Rank: 14
Score: 52.263527
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK -- The ladies arrived in beautiful Paris to meet up with the man they are all dating, Arie. Jacqueline said things are really starting to move with Arie, and to be honest, I hardly remember her! Chris Harrison revealed the news to the women that this week would feature the dreaded two-on-one date. Lauren got the first one-on-one date though, she was spared from the two-on-one thank goodness. They took off on a little power boat as the other women looked on with envy. They cruised around holding hands and taking in the sights of Paris.
Then, they walked in silence. It was uncomfortable to watch! You just want to shake her and say "talk woman, talk!" She seemed very nervous. Arie kept pointing things out and then Lauren would say, "Wow." Arie said that he's worried that she might not be that into him. Finally, Lauren asked him how everything was going for him and he revealed that he wants her to like him. He told her, "I'm searching for reassurance as much as you are."
Back at the hotel, another date card arrived. It read, "Becca, Seinne, Bekah, Tia, Chelsea, Jenna, Let's get all dressed up, Arie." That meant that Kendall and Krystal would be on the two-on-one, since they've been in all the promos! Spoiler alert. Right away, Krystal said that she felt confident.
On the silent date, time would tell if Lauren could start to open up and talk freely with Arie. They shared dinner with some wine and that probably helped. Lauren

########
Rank: 15
Score: 52.172535
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner and Selena Gomez Have Been Friends for Years—Get the Scoop on the Gal-Pals!
It turns out that Selena Gomez and Kendall Jenner have been pals "for some time" despite their recent outing coming as a surprise for many.
The two were spotted last week grabbing a bite to eat at Joan's on Third last Friday and left fans wondering how they knew each other.
According to sources, the two lovely ladies have mutual friends and first linked up back in 2009 at a record release party for Selena at Siren Studios in Los Angeles.
And it looks like Kendall isn't the only Jenner who considers themselves pals with the "Come & Get It" singer.
NEWS: Selena and Kendall are ladies who lunch!
"Kendall and Kylie [Jenner] have always been fans of Selena," our source told us.
So were Kendall and Selena brewing up some future business endeavors together during their ladies' lunch?
Sadly, no, an insider tells us that they were just catching up and that they don't have any plans lined up to work together anytime soon.
In other surprise gal-pal news, Selena enjoyed a girls' night out last week with none other than Zooey Deschanel.
She shared a cute photo booth snapshot of two of them and a third pal hanging out at Soho House in L.A. on Instagram with the caption, "Ladies being ladies. Ladies night."

########
Rank: 16
Score: 52.090725
Retrieved Text: Not only has Kendall Jenner proved her success as a high-fashion model over the past year, but the young trendsetter has also proved her impeccable model-off-duty style. Luckily, Kendall has graced us with plenty of Instagram looks worth replicating this summer. If you're looking to stay on budget, then take it from us and click through this slideshow to learn how to recreate Kendall's on-trend ensembles for much less.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 52.032986
Retrieved Text: 1 The first time Kendall saw people kiteboarding along the East Coast, he stood and stared in awe. Kiteboarding is an extreme water sport that's been gaining popularity since the late 1990s. Kendall stared as a person maneuvering a red kite surfed past a person with a blue and yellow kite. Each kite looked something like a rectangular section of parachute. However, if the wind only blew in one direction, how could two people who were kiteboarding at the same time go in opposite directions? Kendall simply had to find out! He approached the first kiteboarder who had come ashore and asked.
2 "You use the kite as a sail to tack into the wind," the dark-haired man told him. "You don't just get pulled downwind when kiteboarding. That would cause a lot of problems! You can tack perpendicular to the wind, upwind, or downwind. You can go anywhere you want to go."
3 The longer Kendall watched the kiteboarders, the more he longed to join them. The most exciting part was when a kiteboarder "caught air" and was lifted up to 40 feet off the water! Thinking about his coming birthday in June, Kendall told his parents, grandparents, and anyone else who cared that he wanted to learn to kiteboard for his birthday.
4 Kiteboarding turned out to be more expensive than Kendall imagined. His father had shared the cost information with him in an effort to dissuade him from wanting lessons. Instead, Kendall persuaded his father to take lessons with him so that they could share the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 51.9836
Retrieved Text: So Kendall banks are not lending as freely these days huh? The credit crunch that seized the New York economy recently is gone and they are starting to lend again. But even with this lending the economy is still reeling and headed for even more dire straits. If you are one of those in Kendall NY who is caught in its clutches and have debts piling up, you may want to think about Kendall consolidation loans.
Who has the best Kendall debt consolidation services?
Kendall consolidation services offer a way of taking multiple debts and taking them all and wrapping them together into one payment. So if you have 5 different Kendall loans, each with a different interest rate and length, a Kendall debt consolidation loan will pay these off and then you will be left with one Kendall loan with a total on the loan of all the paid off loans. The best part is that these types of Kendall consolidation loans typically have lower interest rates than the ones you are getting rid of.
What is the best place in New York to find Kendall credit consolidation lenders?
Search online for the best debt consolidation lenders in Kendall NY. The reason the best place to find Kendall debt consolidation lenders in New York is because you will be able to find the right Kendall lender for you. Your local Kendall banks may not specialize in the right Kendall consolidation loans for you or have New York lending standards that are too stringent. By searching for the best New

########
Rank: 19
Score: 51.97596
Retrieved Text: Ever since she decided to become a high-fashion model, our forums have been incredibly hard on Kendall Jenner. Take, for example, her current cover of American Harper’s Bazaar, which had tFS forum members complaining (loudly) about her lack of modeling skills. Now, the haters might have to eat their words with the unveiling of Missoni’s new Spring 2018 advertising campaign. While Gigi Hadid proved she wasn’t a Missoni girl in the Fall 2017 campaign, Kendall replaces her BFF this season and…nails it. Photographed by Harley Weir, Kendall visited the White Sands National Monument in New Mexico for the shoot, striking some dynamic poses amongst the glistening white sands with Missoni’s colorful creations providing a beautiful contrast.
Suffice it to say, our forum members were impressed. “Her best work,” declared Wolkfolk.
“Her best shot ever! BRAVO!” applauded Lola701 in agreement.
“I like the broken pose, it’s very high fashion mannequin. Kendall delivered this time, yes honey,” approved Fernini.
Still, many of our forum members weren’t ready to give Kendall all the credit. “This is a gorgeous shot! As long as her face stays hidden behind a hat, I’m all for it,” posted dodencebt.
“Of course it’s her best work, you can’t see her dull facial expression/face,” pointed out guimon.
“Gorgeous shot! And good decision on covering her face,” laughed tjasmine.
“Stunning! But why Kendall? Such a waste, nobody wants to see her anymore,” anlabe32 critiqued.
See Kendall’s new Missoni campaign for Spring 2018 in all its glory and drop us a comment here.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 51.86997
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner is clearly a master at keeping her dating life under wraps.
ET caught up with the 19-year-old supermodel exclusively at New York Fashion Week on Friday -- where she was promoting her first fragrance campaign for Estee Lauder's Modern Muse Le Rouge, since becoming the face of the company last November -- when she dished on why she's never been publicly out with a significant other. Last month, she was linked to Nick Jonas after reportedly being set up by her bestie, Gigi Hadid, and her boyfriend, Joe Jonas, though the "Jealous" singer quickly shut the rumors down.
"It's not always easy, but I don't know, I just like to keep my private life private," Kendall told ET about keeping her dating life on the down low. "I try my best, but at the same time, I try not to let being out with someone affect my everyday life. Like, if I want to go out and grab a smoothie with a friend who's a male, I'm not gonna let the paparazzi stop me from doing that and living my life and just being a normal person."
During the candid chat, Kendall also revealed the surprising way her big sister, Kim Kardashian, told her she was pregnant with baby number two!
"I was at Coachella when Kim told me and she FaceTimed me, and I was in, like, a supermarket, and I was like, 'Shhh be quiet, there's people around!'" Kendall recalled, clearly protective of the 34-year-old reality superstar. "'I know you're trying to keep this on the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 51.74648
Retrieved Text: Contrary to Derek Zoolander's ethos, in real life, being successful in fashion takes more than simply being "really, really ridiculously good-looking." Case in point? The Jenner sisters. While Kendall and Kylie are, of course, really, really ridiculously good-looking (not to mention super stylish and famous from birth), making it big in the fashion business takes much more than that. And on Monday night in New York City, the youngest Jenners proved their salt in celebrating their first collection, Kendall + Kylie. The girls presented to a small, but key group of industry power players, such as Ken Downing, fashion director of Neiman Marcus and Roopal Patel, fashion director of Saks Fifth Avenue. The event, held at a private home in TriBeCa, was an intimate one, where the Jenners hobnobbed with press and also retailers—and the girls were all about talking business.
In covering the event, New York Times fashion critic Vanessa Friedman pondered whether the Jenners could follow suit with Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, who parlayed their celebrity into an esteemed fashion house, with a CFDA award to prove it. "Are Kendall and Kylie Jenner the Olsen sisters of the midprice market?" questioned Friedman. With #proudmama, Kris Jenner's Midas touch, the sisters seem to have such sartorial potential.
According to multiple sources, Kris Jenner herself was involved in every last detail of the event. She stopped to pose with her old friend Lance Bass.
PYTs Hanna Bronfman and Devon Windsor stopped by to offer their congrats to the Jenners and take selfies in the selfie booth (which was on

########
Rank: 22
Score: 51.535107
Retrieved Text: Everything about these pics is gorgeous.
Cole Sprouse, the actor we know (and love) from Riverdale, The Suite Life of Zack and Cody, and Friends, is also an amazing photographer. He's captured the likes of Hermione Corfield, Lili Reinhart, and now, Kendall Jenner. For a Sunday Times cover story titled "Kendall Jenner in Summer's Most Romantic Fashion," she posed in flowy dresses and bold boots amid the Malibu hills.
"She knew my work, and we had met at a couple of parties," Cole told The Sunday Times. "I just thought, let’s aim for the top." It's clear that Kendall went for it, and we think she made a good choice. Everything about these photos, from the fashion to the trees, is beautiful. The natural setting combined with Kendall's pensive expression results in a truly artsy vibe.
According to Cole, the credit goes to Kendall for making the eight-hour shoot so extraordinary. "Seeing her work, it’s no wonder she’s become such a huge figure within the fashion industry,” he said. “Without the right model, these photos don’t live. Kendall isn’t afraid to look awkward in a way that’s vulnerable and inherently interesting."
But we've also got to tip our hats to him. He says he's more interested in photography than acting right now, so we're sure we'll be seeing more amazing photoshoots from him soon.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 51.471645
Retrieved Text: Washington, DC (February 2, 2019) - Mount St. Mary's women's tennis was edged 4-3 by Howard on Saturday afternoon. Mount junior Alexa Quintanilla and freshman Taylor Cook led the Mountaineers by picking up a doubles win and a singles win on the day. Mia Pittman and Hannah Davis partnered with Quintanilla and Cook to help win the doubles point for Mount St. Mary's. With the loss, the Mount dropped to 0-2 to start the spring season while Howard moved to 1-2 with the win.
In doubles competition, the Mountaineers earned wins in the number one and number three flights to pick up the doubles point. Quintanilla and Davis defeated Kendall Addison and Yassmine Khiri 6-1 in the first flight. Pittman and Cook climbed back from a 5-1 deficit in the tie-breaker set to clip Kindha Nasef and Aria Ragas 7-6 in the third flight. Nicole Hutchinson and Christina Joynes topped Megan Smith and Emma Blake 6-4 in the number two set.
The Bisons nabbed the match victory after they won the number two, three, five, and six flights. Quintanilla downed Khiri in the first flight 6-1, 6-4 and Cook squeaked by Addison 6-3, 3-6, 6-0 in the number four flight to pick up the other two points for the Mountaineers in the match.
The Mount women's tennis team travels to Navy for a match on Sunday, February 10 at 9:00 AM.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 51.290226
Retrieved Text: Nine of the 11 Yavapai County finalists in the Optimist International Essay Contest are back row, left to right: Zoë Dunn, Lazeth Martininez, Addison Wells, Kendall Foster (third place), Natalie Ashley Malloy (second place), Tabitha Sanders (first place), Dr. Butch Miller, President Optimist Club of Yavapai County; and front row: Emily Jolly, Jared Chavez, Tayhlar Tenney.
The Optimist Club of Yavapai County announced the top three winners of this year’s Optimist International Essay Contest. This year’s top three essays were submitted by Tabitha Sanders (first place), Natalie Ashley Malloy (second place), and Kendall Foster (third place). All three winners are seniors at Chino Valley High School. This year’s theme for the contest was “Lead by Example: Reality or Fiction”.
Sanders was awarded a certificate and medal for the honor. In addition, the essay will be sent to the district level to be judged along with winners from other Optimist Clubs in the district. College scholarships are available for top winners at the district level.
The Optimist Club of Yavapai County has been participating in the Optimist Essay Contest for four years and has been active in the community since 2012. Other programs and service projects that the Club is involved in include Optimist Oratory Contest, Annual Food Drive for the Yavapai Food Bank, The Humboldt Hungry Kids Project, and Youth Appreciation and Youth of the Year. To learn more about the Club visit our website http://www.optimistclubofyavapai.org/index.html, our Facebook page Optimist Club of Yavapai County, https://www.facebook.com/groups/www.optimistclubofyavapai.org/ or contact Dr. Butch Miller at 928-277- 6974 or Michael Whiting at 928-772- 3227.
To

########
Rank: 25
Score: 51.210464
Retrieved Text: The residents of Kendall, Florida are able to enjoy so many wonderful amenities and beautiful scenery. There are so many fantastic places to be that people in Kendall can choose to sit on a beach or in a park and end their day with dinner in an amazing restaurant. Locksmith in Kendall is a local Kendall business that cares about the people that reside in this area. We know that no one wants to experience a locksmith situation where they are locked out of a home, business or vehicle. Our locksmith services in Kendall continue to be the most reliable and reputable around. This is something we take very seriously. The team of Kendall locksmith technicians that we employ is the best in Kendall. They have years of locksmith industry know-how and will make sure your locksmith service needs are effectively addressed. When you want the best quality of locksmith services possible in Kendall, you’re sure to find it when you depend on us for your locksmith service needs. There is nothing that is beyond the scope of expertise of our Kendall locksmiths. Why not find out for yourself by contacting us to get you the locksmith help that you need. We’re here for you around the clock, 24-hours a day, 7 days a week when you need a locksmith. This is proof of how much we care about getting you the locksmith help you need when you need it the most.
We can help you when you call and we are quick to arrive anywhere in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 51.14028
Retrieved Text: Kendall Nicole Jenner is an American television personality and fashion model. Jenner’s popularity grew after appearing in the reality television show ‘Keeping up with the Kardashians’. Kendall Jenner has always been the industry’s most sought after model. She never hesitated to take fashion risks.
At the 2016 MTV Movie Awards in L.A. on Saturday, April 9, Kendall Nicole Jenner appeared on the red carpet in the most stunning thigh-high lace-up stilettos. Kendall turned heads in her challenging lace up heels. She looked like a bombshell and stole the show. The model walked up the red carpet wearing a ruffled black halter.
The bodice was inspired by the corset and it was laced. It had a high cut asymmetrical skirt which set the scene exactly right for a pair of complicated, tied DSquared2 stilettos. It oozed sophistication, luxury, and style. They’re not only hot but they are intriguing too. They promise to show while attempting to conceal. With tiny thin straps caging the foot, lace-ups have landed in a big way on the scene.
Getting into lace-up heels may be quite a daunting task to ordinary mortals. Kendall had two assistants to lace her up for the show. In spite of the team work, it was by no means an easy task to finesse the footwear. Jenner had a rough time readjusting the intertwined straps from time to time while posing for photos on the red carpet.
Kendall Jenner took her fashion statement to new heights by wearing her next-to-impossible laced heels. The Dsquared2 RiRi sandals feature a four-inch heel and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 51.019928
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner Hair Looks We Love Kendall Jenner Haircut Ideas – The 1980’s was undoubtedly the most exciting time we had. If you want to try to remember the vibrant childhood of the 80’s then using the hairstyle of that age is the best option. With all these Kendall Jenner Hair Looks We Love Kendall Jenner Haircut Ideas, you will truly feel the nostalgia of the fantastic old times. They may not be contemporary, but they’re certainly the retro trend nowadays. Indulge your experience in fashion with the very best Kendall Jenner Hair Looks We Love Kendall Jenner Haircut Ideas we have selected for you. If you would like to reminisce at the old times, you can totally rock these hairstyles. It’ll bring the childhood memories from you, or you may look exactly like your adults use to appear at your age.
Below are the amazing Kendall Jenner Hair Looks We Love Kendall Jenner Haircut Ideas that help you relive the childhood.
This is a stunning look you can get. This style matches the entire face and the neck giving it a magnificent appearance. This appearance just is amazing on any people. This fashion is never obsolete as still now you can see this hairstyle on the cover of the list. There is not any word to describe the elegance this hairstyle attracts about in a people. The feathered fringes look damn hot on the folks. With a tiny hair product, this is the exceptional style you can get.
65 Kendall Jenner Hair Looks We Love Kendall Jenner s

########
Rank: 28
Score: 50.989384
Retrieved Text: The following were named 2018 Petite Pearls of Excellence by Zeta Mu Omega chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority.
Kyndall Andreha Adams is the daughter of Mr. Kendall Adams and Ms. Kiyasha Davis, a student at Hawk’s Nest STEAM Academy. Her master is Kyri Amr Nasir Adams, son of Mr. and Mrs. Kevin Adams.
Kynzlie Adriana Adams is the daughter of Mr. Kendall Adams and Ms. Kiyasha Davis, a student at Hawk’s Nest STEAM Academy. Her master is Kingston Amory McCoy, son of Mr. Freddy McCoy and Ms. Kyera Adams.
McKenna Grace Adams is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Aaron Adams, a student at Bethware Elementary School. Her master is Christian Joshua Adams, son of Mr. and Mrs. Aaron Adams.
Addison Eisley Matthews is the daughter of Mr. Byron Keith Matthews and Ms. Kierra Sharell McCorkle, a student at Piedmont Community Charter School. Her master is Sevyn Brentley Joelle Wakefield, son of Mr. Marcus Wakefield and Ms. Natasha McCorkle.
Kamoni Lee Moore is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Kareem Jamar Moore, a student at North Elementary School. Her master is Seth Gavin Tate, son of Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Tate.
Rylei Dion Sanders-Boyd is the daughter of Mr. Tevaris Boyd and Ms. Deandra Sanders, a student at Barringer Academic Center. Her master is Cameron O’Bryant Little, son of Mr. and Mrs. Gregary Ellis.
Kaylen Shy’nel Tims-Digsby is the daughter of Mr. Rajshaun Digsby and Ms. Kewanna Simpson, a student at Pleasant Ridge Elementary School. Her master is Tammarion Dy’quez Lewis, son of Ms. Tia Nichols.
Tekil’a Jazz Williams is the daughter of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 50.88623
Retrieved Text: Eight students from Kendall Public School will compete at the state final of the Todd Woodbridge Cup in Sydney. The tournament is for year 3 and 4 primary school students, who play in a red ball hot shots competition, on mini courts and with modified equipment. Kendall Public School students took out the regional final at the Kempsey Tennis Club on Tuesday, September 4. Karangi Public School versed Kendall Public School in the final at Kempsey. Leading into the last four sets, students from Kendall Public School were down by four points. The team came back to win by over 15 points. The Todd Woodbridge Cup state finals are at the Sydney Tennis Centre on November 19. The Todd Woodbridge Cup for primary schools was also hosted by the Kendall Tennis Club on Friday, August 31. Kendall Tennis Club president Wendy Hudson said she was very proud of the Kendall Public School students, who are also members of the club. Wendy was told the students’ sportsmanship displayed at the event ‘was incredible’.
Bodhi Kennedy , Laith Mickklesson , Danielle Noar, Henry Andler, Ruby Stewart, Hayley Smith, Deegan Wallace and Lexi Heslop. Photo: supplied.
Eight students from Kendall Public School will compete at the state final of the Todd Woodbridge Cup in Sydney.
The tournament is for year 3 and 4 primary school students, who play in a red ball hot shots competition, on mini courts and with modified equipment.
Kendall Public School students took out the regional final at the Kempsey Tennis Club on Tuesday, September 4.
Karangi Public School versed

================



======= Instance Index 2542 =========
Input Text: Context: Austin had eyes bigger than his stomach. Austin mom always has been worried about Austin eyes. She told him need to see a professional.

Question: What will Others want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: make an appointment

B: check his eyes

C: research doctors

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 68.14226
Retrieved Text: For the next ten days before school began on the 25th, I was either working, spending time with Nicole, Noah, or my family. I was avoiding Austin, I figured it was best to avoid him until I made up my mind about what to do. Rosie is eight weeks along on the 25th. We were at Wal*Mart shopping for school supplies, I’m a senior, Jake is a Junior, Connor is a freshman, Colleen is a seventh grader, Josh is a first grader, Alicia begins Pre-K leaving Katie to go to daycare. Alicia got all Tinkerbell stuff for Pre-K. While we were going grocery shopping as well we ran into Austin and his family. “Hey Lexie.” Austin said and I waved at him. We went to pay and then left, not once did I speak to him. They were all discussing the fun for tomorrow and I just rolled my eyes. Jake’s birthday is December 18th, Connor’s birthday is January 3rd, Colleen’s birthday is October 8th, Josh’s birthday is September 11th, Alicia’s birthday is November 15th, and Katie’s birthday is April 15th.
I told my mom when we got home I was going to the mall and she nodded. I told Noah the night before I was going to cut my hair and he said I would look good with a haircut. I went to the hair salon in the mall and cut my hair to shoulder length. My hair was short compared to how it was before. I made it to Noah’s and he smiled at me

########
Rank: 1
Score: 65.456215
Retrieved Text: TRINITY — In the passenger seat of his mom's SUV, Austin Erickson sits silently, clutching his wallet, watching as his subdivision slides by.
"So Publix?" asks his mom, turning onto the highway. "Target?"
Austin, who is 11, doesn't look at her. "The Hallmark store," he says. "This has to be special."
Normally, Austin hates going to the Hallmark store, waiting for his mom and older sisters to sift through Vera Bradley bags while surrounded by all the candles that are supposed to smell like rain.
Normally, Valentine's Day isn't a big deal to the sixth-grader who loves Star Wars and Batman and Minecraft.
"But now that I'm in a relationship it seems more important," he says Tuesday afternoon.
"I want to impress Sarah."
Sarah. He says her name like a sigh. Her last name starts with a K. He just can't pronounce it.
She lives six doors down, in a beige house a lot like his. They met the first day of Seven Springs Middle School, at the bus stop.
Their courtship started like so many young couples': "I remember the date, it was Sept. 4th," Austin says. "Her friend came up to me and said, 'If Sarah asked you out, would you go?' "
Austin hesitated. He could tell she's smart. "That's important," he says. And she has a good sense of humor. "When she laughs, everyone around her can't help laughing."
It took a few seconds to decide, he says. "I'm a very busy person: I swim breaststroke, I'm a green belt in karate, I have church and Boy Scouts and I get straight A's

########
Rank: 2
Score: 60.543793
Retrieved Text: We were so excited, as we sat at the wedding of our grandson, Austin Thompson, on Saturday, June 14, 2012. We couldn’t help but remember the miracle of the beginning of his life 28 years ago. He was born at 3 months premature and he weighed only 3 lbs, then lost down to 2lbs 10 oz. The doctors told us, IF he lived, he would be physically and mentally impaired. Despite the negative medical report on him each day, we kept believing for a miracle and quoting scripture over him daily. Today, Austin is in perfect health both physically and mentally… and is an avid triathlon and marathon athlete. “With men it is impossible, but with God all things are possible.” (Matthew 19:26) We have always prayed for our grandchildren and their future mates in life, and we are so happy that God chose Savannah and brought her into Austin’s life.
Our granddaughter, Alexa, (Austin’s sister), who is the media relations associate at Samaritans Purse, is going to share with you the moments of that beautiful day.
As Austin’s little sister it is my duty to share a little bit about my brother and new sister-in-love. First, I need to tell you how Austin and Savannah met. For many of you who know Austin and Savannah, there is no doubt that God designed them specifically for each other. In a very humble voice, I am proud to say that by God’s will, I was used to introduced Austin and Savannah. Savannah and I became very good friends through

########
Rank: 3
Score: 59.68966
Retrieved Text: What some may not know is this wall was not the first memorial wall I had attempted. In 2011, I set out to memorize everyone who died on 9-11 and the plan was to write out the names in alphabetical order on 9-11-2011 (the 10 year anniversary). I was cruising along at a very strong pace until about mid July and I was at a local hamburger joint I frequent in Ft Worth (Jakes Hamburgers). There was almost 3,000 names and I was approaching 2,700. I was in the home stretch…almost there.
Then I had the idea, ‘I am going to read the stories of these people to make the memories stronger.’ I Googled and found the story of a young girl who was on one of the planes and so excited to be going to Disneyland. She was 5 years old. In the restaurant that day my eyes filled with tears thinking of this little girl. I closed my laptop, closed my book with the 9-11 names and I never went back to the names. It was too emotional for me. I didn’t hit my goal…Sept 11 came and went with no memory wall. The story of the little girl had derailed me. I couldn’t continue.
The next year in 2012 when I started the Afghanistan Wall I refused to allow myself to read the stories. I kept it strictly names and didn’t allow myself to get attached or emotional. That all changed with PFC Austin Staggs.
Feb 28th, 2013 I was writing the wall for the first

########
Rank: 4
Score: 57.926987
Retrieved Text: This Week’s Prompt: 85. “For has not Nature, too, her grotesques—the rent rock, the distorting lights of evening on lonely roads, the unveiled structure of man in the embryo, or the skeleton?” Pater—Renaissance (da Vinci).
Chasing Austin’s invitation to his new studio-home—several miles away from a small island town several hours away by boat from his well our old home—ended up costing me an third of my rent for the month. Perhaps it isn’t surprising, then, that I was in something of a bitter mood. Austin had been insistent I come out to see him. I had convinced myself that it was only to save on postage that I was visiting, but it had been almost a year without seeing him or sharing a coffee.
The boat ride was calming at least—the sea has that effect on me. It is too vast for concerns and anxieties to stand in it’s presence. Austin and I had tried with both our arts to capture that vastness, but it defies capture. It is too big for words and pigments, except in the hands of a master. Still, it was a nice image to wake to in the morning, enjoying coffee on the misty deck.
There was only one other companion out to greet the morning sun. He was an old man, Patrick Seoriseson, who would strum a guitar at the dawn and hum some song I’d never heard of. We didn’t talk much—not that he was bad company, but he was…well. Strange. He looked in his sixties, but his hair was bright

########
Rank: 5
Score: 57.827213
Retrieved Text: The word ‘epic’ isn’t reserved for the ordinary. It’s the rallying cry for the adventures that are too good to describe, those you-had-to-be-there experiences that still give you goosebumps years later. It’s for the people who’d rather live by doing than watching. To truly understand what EPIC means, though, you’ll need to meet Taylor Collins and Katie Forrest, the spousal combo behind the meat-based product line that’s challenging mainstream food trends and infiltrating supermarkets across the country.
It’s an unusually cold January morning in Austin, Texas (below 40 degrees, if you can believe it) and Taylor’s pacing in front of his South Austin home. But he’s not nervous, he’s trying to help his five-week-old daughter, Emory Scout Bear-Forrest Collins—‘Scout’ for short—fall asleep. “The best way to get her to fall asleep is walking her outside,” Katie explains. “It’s the only thing that calms her down.” Considering her parents are triathletes and avid nature junkies, Scout’s going to fit in just fine here.
The waters around the Forrest-Collins household are calm, but they weren’t always. Six years ago, Katie and Taylor’s lives were in flux as they tried to navigate their early-mid 20’s and find their callings. Taylor was working as a physical therapist in Austin, while Katie was in school for counseling psychology in Dallas. Both were miserable.
But rather than standing pat and settling for more conventional—and more predictable—life paths, they decided it was time to shake things up. Katie dropped the doctoral program she’d spent years working toward and moved back to Austin to be with Taylor,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 57.61313
Retrieved Text: Learning to see through the eyes of others begins with listening to their story.
Tina Buhrow of Chippewa Falls is a foster parent and crisis stabilization provider for several Wisconsin counties. When kids are in mental health crisis, county services refer them to Buhrow's home as a safe alternative or step down from hospitalization. She is part of the state Office of Children's Mental Health's Collective Impact Executive Council. She and her son have both been diagnosed with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
I became a Collective Impact Partner in Wisconsin through lived experience; my life's journey; my journey as a child, as a parent, then as a foster mom, and crisis stabilization provider. I’ve learned how past trauma impacts a person and how it can be passed onto their children or others.
There was a point in my life that I didn't realize how my own childhood trauma and educational experience would impact my son, Austin, and his school experience and life. Austin’s perspective about school and the way he saw himself changed when the adults in his life shifted their perspective on how they saw Austin. Austin went from vomiting before school and not wanting to go to school, to me receiving a phone call from school nurse asking permission to give him Tylenol because he wanted to stay in school. It was then that we (his team) knew Austin felt safe, cared for and connected to school, which allowed him the opportunity to learn and reach his full potential.
After the transformation with my son and school experience, I

########
Rank: 7
Score: 57.168365
Retrieved Text: 2 weeks later but here it is.
Thursday the 22nd we were all set to be induced at 7:30am. Finally time to meet our little bundle and find out who baby was!! I woke up at 2:30 that morning with some crazy contractions. I came out into the living room and started timing them. they were 5-7 minutes apart and boy did they hurt BAD! I kept timing them until about 4:30, I called the hospital to see if I should come in or keep holding out until 7:30. The nurse suggested taking a shower and to try to eat something and see how that works out. About an hour later the hospital calls and asks how things are going and if I could come in at 9:30 instead of 7:30. Umm NO! Conrad's dad came over about 6:45 and Conrad goes over some of the stuff for the girls while I waddle around in pain getting all my stuff together and get ready.
Off to the hospital we go. Contractions were pretty close together. It was looking great! We get into labor and delivery and I had a stop in my tracks contractions and a nurse that was walking by went and got me a wheel chair and I was wheeled away to my room. I got my gown own and the nurse checked me right away and I was already 4cm dilated. I was so happy not to be a one!! I got hooked up to the IV, they took blood and hooked up to the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 57.143993
Retrieved Text: Senior guard Larry Austin prepares to throw an inbound pass on Jan. 8 in McGuirk Arena.
The closer you creep to the doors which enter the court, you begin to hear the squeaking of shoes across the slick floor and faint yells from the players. However, there's one voice you could pick apart from the rest and make out the words being said before opening those doors.
That voice belongs to Larry Austin Jr., who is becoming well-known around the program.
Austin plays with a style that comes from always having a chip on his shoulder. He's felt since the day he started playing basketball he obtained the mentality of a grinder — a player who doesn't stop working.
Whether it's getting a steal or fighting through traffic to hit a contested layup, he lets his opponents know he made that play after it's over with a flex of his muscles or a roar of emotion. The guard doesn't think of it as cockiness, but confidence, which he instills in his teammates.
"Guys like Shawn (Roundtree) and Rob (Montgomery) get on me if I'm not being vocal enough. They say to me, 'Man, we feed off that energy, we need your energy,'" Austin said. "We have to be a team playing with a high intensity to win games, it's just how I play and we play."
The 6-foot-2, 183-pound slasher for the Chippewas comes from Lanphier High School. It was there Austin began to learn to play with a "dog mentality."
As a senior, Austin had his best campaign for the Lions, averaging

########
Rank: 9
Score: 56.57024
Retrieved Text: Austin Brooks wanted only one thing for Christmas this year and that's a cat. His family's cat recently passed away and he was devastated. He started volunteering at the Humane Society and fell in love with a cat named Gizzard.
Earlier this month, Austin got to the Humane Society and saw a sign on Gizzard's cage saying he'd been adopted. Austin was crushed that someone had taken his furry friend.
But what Austin didn't know was that his mom was the one who had adopted the cat. He found out when he sat next to Santa for a picture and St. Nick surprised him with Gizzard and told him he'd be taking him home.
Since then, Austin's mom says the two have been inseparable.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 56.34307
Retrieved Text: Austin stood in the middle of the room, a black Ibanez on a strap around his neck. His fingers flew over the strings. He wore a pair of headphones and had his back to her. She didn’t want to sneak up on him, but he had his eyes closed. Something alerted him, perhaps the scent of her perfume, or an awareness that he was being watched. He turned, surprised. He took off the headphones and she heard other instruments playing. He turned off the music and set the guitar on a stand.
“Of course,” she replied, stepping into the circle of his arms.
“Depends on your perspective.” She took him by the hand, leading him to the living room.
“You’re secretly a man,” he blurted.
“I like you so much, Austin. You’re funny and smart and so—cute!” She blushed.
Austin didn’t know what to say. Instead, he pulled her close, his lips brushing hers once more. Liat knew she had to tell him, she wanted to tell him, but she couldn’t stop that kiss. It had taken on a life of its own, igniting her senses, making her tingle from head to foot. His scent filled her nostrils, making her dizzy. Or maybe it was the power of his kiss itself that made her senses reel. He felt so good in her arms, his lips locked with hers, his tongue teasing hers as it flickered in and out.
An insistent knocking on the door finally penetrated their little world of two. Separating slowly, they tried to straighten their clothing and fix their

########
Rank: 11
Score: 55.58031
Retrieved Text: Oh wait, it's suppoused to be white Christmas. We woke up Easter morning to snow flurries. Does it ever end? Despite the snow ,we had a peaceful, quiet Easter. Poor Austin, the Easter Bunny knew he couldn't eat candy so he just got a toy in his basket.
Tyler had a little easter egg hunt this morning at church. Mike had the day off, so I got to take Tyler without Austin. It was a fun time for all, and Tyler has already eaten all of the candy.
A few months ago Tyler awoke his parents several times with the same nightmare, a disappearing, naughty Easter bunny was hiding in his closet. I guess the bunny that came to visit his gymnastics class wasn't that same Easter bunny. Tyler wasn't scared of this one at all.
Poor Austin had the croup. It was midnight and I was recovering from the stomach flu, when I heard Austin gasping for air. My poor husband stayed up with Austin until 3:00 when he got scared enough to take Austin to the ER. We thought it was another attack of RSV, but it was croup. The nurse gave him this magic steroid shot; observed Austin for a couple of hours, and Mike and Austin returned home at 7:30 in the morning. We had a grouchy kid on Sunday, but today he seems all better! We swear that Peoria is infested with germs comparable to a dirty outhouse.
All Austin wants to do is play outside. Too bad it's usually too cold to step foot

########
Rank: 12
Score: 55.028328
Retrieved Text: Austin pulled the clothes out of the drier and carried the basket into their bedroom. His leave was coming to an end and he had to report to base by midnight the following day. Austin had a full day's drive to get to base. He and Adam had learned long ago to use their last day together as a quiet day. A day that Austin could pack without rushing.
As he dumped the basket of clean clothes onto the bed, Austin gave Adam a small, quick smile. "This is the last load. I'll be ready to leave in the morning."
"You wanna tell me what's bugging you first?"
"I'm leaving, I always get a little down," Austin said as he started to fold his clothes. The tension grew faster than his pile of clothes. When he could stand the silence no longer, Austin turned his head to look at Adam.
Adam looked so calm, so composed, as he stood leaning against the dresser. Austin thought again how much he loved this man. It wasn't the physical appearance that made him love Adam so much; it was just the power of his presence. How he could appear so calm, even when Austin knew that Adam was hurting as much as he was. But as Austin looked at Adam, Adam's calm look became one of expectancy as he raised both eyebrows.
At that look, Austin chuckled. "You should have joined the Army. Military Intelligence would have loved you."
"Too many rules," Adam said. "Now, you done messing around?"
Austin knew that Adam wouldn't stop, not

########
Rank: 13
Score: 55.021526
Retrieved Text: "I used to say rugby was my everything. Rugby was my identity," he said, the phone slightly crackling as the connection was momentarily disrupted. James Gumbert, who most people know as "Coach," is the head coach of the Team USA wheelchair rugby team.
Team USA took home silver at the Rio Olympic games in 2016 after what is now being called by critics and fans alike one of the greatest games of rugby ever played. Coach is passionate about rugby and about his team. But his real passion in life is changing lives.
One memory comes to mind when I ask how he does that. It's the story of Austin.
Austin broke his neck when he was in high school in Seattle. Coach got a call one day and heard Austin on the other end of the phone. "Coach," he said, "I want to play for you." Coach told him if he could get to Austin, Texas, he was more than welcome to join the Texas Stampede rugby team. Wheelchair rugby was gaining in popularity after the release of the film "Murderball" in 2004, and Coach had seen his team grow from six people to 22 people in the span of three months. The interest was there, but Coach didn't really expect to hear more from Austin until the day he rolled into the gym.
He said his parents had moved for work, but also so he could be closer to playing rugby. Coach laughed at the memory. "He was just all arms and legs. He looked like a giant

########
Rank: 14
Score: 54.96918
Retrieved Text: A Phoenix man killed his wife, two daughters and a man he suspected was her lover Thursday, telling police that his religion allowed him to kill his family.
The evening started around 8 p.m. when Austin Smith, 30, accused his wife Dasia, 29, of having an affair, which she reportedly denied, police told the Arizona Republic. It is alleged he then shot and killed her and their five-year-old daughter Nasha, and then killed their seven-year-old daughter Mayan with a baseball bat.
Police found the couple’s three-year-old daughter hiding under the bed unharmed, having been spared by Smith because she reportedly reminded him of his wife, he told investigators.
After killing most of his family, Smith then drove to the apartment complex of the man he suspected was his wife’s lover, Ron Freeman, shooting him dead. He reportedly shot two additional people who suffered serious injuries, but survived.
“[Austin Smith] said that the reason he shot these individuals is because in God’s eyes, it was all right for him to deal with someone in this manner who had been involved in adultery, extramarital affairs,” according to Phoenix Police Sergeant Tommy Thompson.
No police or media reports name Smith’s religious practice, other than to state that he was very religious according to interviews with his neighbors. The justifications he described may lead to speculation that this was an “honor killing,” which is the extreme religious practice of murdering female family members for behaving in a way that “shames” the family, according to Time. No additional information was available regarding Smith’s religious practices.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 54.96744
Retrieved Text: ★ Book Blitz ★ THE SPIRIT CHASER by Kat Mayor—Excerpt + Giveaway!
Some places are too evil. Some places should be left alone.
Austin Cole has it made. Star of the hit television show Spirit Chaser Investigations, he has become the world’s most famous paranormal investigator. Although hard work, a talented investigation team, and favorable genetics have something to do with it, it’s his lack of fear and willingness to take risks no one else will that make Spirit Chaser Investigations cable’s number-one show. When a ghost-hunt-gone-wrong seriously injures his best friend and lead psychic, Austin is forced to find a replacement for a team member he considers irreplaceable.
Casey Lawson can’t catch a break. She’s been on her own since she turned eighteen and is scraping by as a part-time psychic and cashier at a New Age store. When a desperate Austin Cole calls her up and offers her a position on his team, has her fortune finally changed?
He’s a control freak; she’s stubborn and opinionated. It takes time, but when they finally realize they’re working on the same side, everything clicks, both on and off screen.
Just when things are looking up, a new threat emerges. Over the years, Austin has angered plenty of demons, and one of them has set her sights on him. Now he’s the one in danger, and it’s up to the team to rescue him from the riskiest investigation of their lives.
Exclusive Excerpt of—THE SPIRIT CHASER!
“Yeah, that wasn’t my finest moment.” No it wasn’t. Casey thought it was a crappy thing to do,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 54.78739
Retrieved Text: Spring Break this was a lot of fun! And soooo needed! It was wonderful to sleep in until 7-7:30 every morning. So so wonderful! But there's something to be said about a schedule and routine. I get so much more accomplished when I have to get the boys up and ready so Jackson can get to school on time. Plus, we get to spend the morning with Jim when we all get up early. ...but sleeping in a little was so nice.
Tuesday: First, it was St Patrick's Day. The boys were so stoked for St Patrick's day for the chance to pinch people who weren't wearing green. They're a sadistic bunch.
The Science Spectrum! The boys hadn't been in awhile, so we let them loose to play and explore.
I remember looking at this handsome boy when he was born. He had such dark features. Austin was born with dark hair and dark eyes, and I remember being so excited that I had a baby with dark features. I remember looking at his perfectly round little face and thinking how grateful I was for him. Jim and I had really struggled with infertility and we were ready to start really invasive fertility intervention when we found out I was pregnant. Austin has been such a blessing, a miracle, since the moment we knew he was on his way to us.
Austin has always been a little snuggler. He loved to be held as a baby, which was a total contrast to Jackson. I loved every minute! I loved being

########
Rank: 17
Score: 54.283043
Retrieved Text: Home › Addiction Campuses Blog › How Far Would You Go To Help Your Child Get Clean And Sober?
Sitting in a group of these three women, it struck me just how fierce momma bears really are. Their adult children were in treatment and they were attending the family program hoping to learn more about addiction.
All three women claimed there is nothing they wouldn’t do to save their child’s live. These mamas were fierce, loyal and frankly- tired. As a mama bear myself, I get it.
When your child has a terminal illness, there isn’t anything you wouldn’t do to help them recover. If you could, you’d trade places with them. Watching your child suffer is excruciatingly painful.
It’s especially difficult with addiction, where the cure appears to be simple – stop using drugs and alcohol and save your life. But there is nothing simple about addiction or the families’ response to it. Addiction is an irrational brain disease that affects emotions, behavior, logic, reasoning and impulse control.
Jane* says she would die for her son. Jane’s son Austin* is only 19, but despite his young age, he has a severe marijuana habit. Austin started smoking marijuana when he was just 12. Now Austin has dropped out of high school and spends most of his time alone in his room smoking dabs. When Jane asks him to look for a job or help around the house, Austin explodes. Jane walks on eggshells around him and says her son isn’t the same person at all. Austin has just been diagnosed bi-polar

########
Rank: 18
Score: 54.26049
Retrieved Text: This film wastes no time: we are taken to a small town, into a lovely home that is now a crime scene. Sheriff Burke Sheldon (Michael McElhatton) walks through the scene, the camera’s flash capture two bodies on the first floor. Broken windows, blood everywhere. As we follow him upstairs, we see another body, a gun nearby. Pushing open a door, he is called to the basement. Lt. Wade (Jane Perry) and Officer Cole (Parker Sawyers) are standing over an open hole. Looking down, we see a beautiful young woman, still half buried. Pale white, long brown hair, she is immediately shipped off to the coroner’s office. Name: Jane Doe (played to perfection by Olwen Kelly).
Run by Tommy Tilden (played by the wonderful Brian Cox) in the basement of their house and assisted by his son, Austin (Emile Hirsch, making a helluva name for himself),the coroner is a family business. We get to know them as they conduct an autopsy on a very burned Otis Howard. The music is pretty rockin’ as Dad quizzes Austin on the COD (cause of death). Austin thinks, based on the smoke in the nasal cavity and lungs, smoke inhalation. Nope! Tommy peels back the scalp and shows Austin a fracture in the neck. Subdural hematoma…he fell and hit his head, developing a blood clot on the brain. Mr. Howard is put in drawer three. Dad goes out for a smoke, Austin cleans up, as Stanley the cat comes through the vents with a dead mouse. Austin yells up to Tommy,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 53.752426
Retrieved Text: His date of birth is calculated from his age at death; 79 years, 0 months, and 7 days.
"... Almeda's second husband, William Austin, step father to my mother was the Grandfather I remember.
... Grandfather Austin I loved, in my eyes he was a grand old man, he was so good to my mother and she loved him also.
My brothers, sisters and myself used to sit by the hour and listen to his tales of the sea, he had been a sailor on a whaling vessel in his younger days, he told us of storms at sea, and how they harpooned the whales, and got the whale oil and stored in large wooden barrels until they had a shipload, then took it to some port to sell.
He was in the union of the civil war, in the Calvary, in one battle his horse was killed and he was wounded in the leg, he caught another horse that the rider had been killed, he got a "medal of honor" for bravery in battle.
After the war he was a member of the legion of "the Grand Old Army" similar to our "American Legion" of today. On memorial day celebrations he was always "Grand Marshall" of the day, and led the parades in his home town (Perryville). As a small child Iremember marching in those parades, from the school house to the cemetery, until I was 12 years old. I was the oldest grandchild on both sides of my parents families.
Grandpa Austin taught me to play cards, checkers and dominoes,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 53.550484
Retrieved Text: December 26, 2017 Austin history, Celebrities, Media, Movies, Music, Nightlife, Out & About, Out and About, Society, Uncategorized.
Recently, we reported that movie star Dennis Quaid had put his Marina Club house up for sale. The Houston-raised actor is spending less and less time here in Austin. That compelled us to reach back into the archives to a brighter 2005, when Quaid and his then-new bride Kimberly Buffington sat down with this reporter at Hoover’s Cooking to talk about their golden lives here. It saddens an unreconstructed romantic to look back on sunnier times for the former couple, but it’s important to remember who they were to our city.
Dennis Quaid blazes into a room — and it’s not just because the sun follows him inside Hoover’s Cooking on Manor Road, basting his outdoorsman’s features and fueling his barely contained energy.Quaid also flushes royally with affection for his still-new wife, Kimberly Buffington, and for his still-new home, Austin.
One minute, he’s signing a DVD for a young, delighted diner; next minute he’s doodling on the table’s paper covering. From time to time, he bursts with memories about his Texas childhood, but, like a compass returning to true north, his gaze returns to Buffington, the picture of blissful repose at his side.
If Quaid pitches his stories like a fastball, Buffington pauses before she speaks, averting her eyes before stating the facts plainly, but also playfully. He might be the actor, but she knows how to control time and attention, and is especially at ease on her lifelong turf — Austin.
If

########
Rank: 21
Score: 53.475346
Retrieved Text: 12am HOH room – Shelli, Clay and Vanessa are talking. Shelli says here’s another reason why I know we can trust Becky, her happiness has changed immensely since our conversation with her. And you can’t hide that, same with Steve’s. Vanessa says I know. Yup All can say is ideally two people from our side win. Most ideally someone on our side that is not the 3 of us retains power and can take out someone Important for us. Clay says Austin will have no shame throwing it. Vanessa tells Shelli that Austin can’t wait to throw it to do some sh*t for TV for the theatrics of it. I think it would be hysterical. Clay says Me, Johnny Mac or Steve are the top 3 I want to win. Vanessa says twins are fine too! Shelli says then all three of us are available to win during the double eviction. Shelli tells Clay we can’t use three’s company as our name because its trademarked. Clay asks what about Third Wheeling. Shelli says no because Clay is the one third wheeling it so far. Vanessa says you better get out there an win you an HOH! Shelli says its okay honey I’m just trying to get you fired up for tomorrow! Clay says of course the others are going to turn their backs on us but no one wants to be the first to do it. If the double eviction goes smoothly, no one is going to want to make the first move. Shelli says I

########
Rank: 22
Score: 53.46492
Retrieved Text: On a cold, gray afternoon, a young woman sat inside a brick duplex in East Dallas, waiting. It was 5:30 p.m. Time for her husband to come home.
Christi had learned many things during her first year of marriage. Not to sweep dirt under the clothes dryer. Not to put her husband’s suit pants in the wash.
No one had thought she would ever fully live on her own, much less be a bride.
A bus pulled up across the street, and Christi headed for the front porch. Austin, a dark-haired 33-year-old carrying a brown leather briefcase, stepped off.
How they got there on that winter evening, with the microwave beeping and the dryer humming, is a story that spanned more than two decades and 2,000 miles, a story of two people who thought they would be alone forever, then met.
The story of Austin Davenport and Christi Hockel began with an abnormality in their genes, the presence of an extra 21st chromosome, or Down syndrome.
What that diagnosis meant to their parents was a million dreams that seemed suddenly lost. Kindergarten. Prom. Graduation. The grief almost swallowed them, and then it toughened them, and then it taught them to forsake the children they had longed for, and instead accept the ones they had.
If they hadn’t done that, if they hadn’t recast their dreams and rebuilt their plans, there never would have been a first kiss or a walk down the aisle.
It could have been a much sadder story.
Because they will tell you, that is how the story began. With heartbreak.
Austin’s mother,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 53.39308
Retrieved Text: My oldest son, Austin, recently made a startling admission that really surprised us. Like most moody teenagers he isn’t too talkative about things that may please him, but rest assured, that if he isn’t happy about something we are the first to know. In this instance his attention wasn’t centered around an exotic car he spied on the highway or an interesting text that dinged on his phone. He was more or less paying us a compliment. At least that is how I choose to look at it. Parents need to take compliments whenever we can get them.
John and I have a routine of making big weekend breakfasts together. This Saturday morning John was making some pancakes and I was finishing up the bacon. Apparently the smell of bacon was enough to wake up the “dead to the world” type of sleep Austin prefers. With purpose Austin walked up to the stove. “Um, you know when we have people coming over? You call it ‘entertaining’ (made with actual air quotes and a slight roll of the eyes). You have music playing, the table set with china, and you are cooking something special you don’t normally make. Well…I kind of like all of that stuff, and this time of year.” Austin said with a genuine grin on his face and a twinkle in his eye that he reserves for rare blissful moments. Then very deliberately and dramatically, he gives me a proud thumbs-up symbol. Then, as if nothing happened, he just meanders away, and my heart explodes

########
Rank: 24
Score: 53.256756
Retrieved Text: April is known as “autism awareness month”. I happen to have an autistic son, and every year I like to share some facts about autism (or ASD as it’s known in the “community”) and invite my friends and family to ask me questions. I am happy to answer anything so long as it does not violate my son’s privacy; same as I would with my daughter, who is not autistic.
But first I’d like to tell you a little about my son. His name is Austin. He is 7 and has mousy brown hair, beautiful blue eyes, a huge beaming smile and is a very happy child. Austin is simply adored, every bit of him is precious, and that includes his autism. He likes the cartoon Ben and Holly’s Little Kingdom, his tablet, cars [Peugeots are his current favourite], going to the park, cuddles with me and our pet cats.
I wonder if that surprises people! It’s quite a common misconception that people with autism don’t show any affection; this couldn’t be more false – actually we like to argue over who loves each other more and see who can give the most kisses!
Austin has autism spectrum disorder (ASD), speech delay and learning difficulties. He also has sensory processing disorder (SPD) and it’s highly likely he has ADHD too.
Anyone who’s met my Austin knows the boy never sits still. Even when he’s sitting he’s not still, in fact the reason I don’t post many pics of him is because they are usually a blur.
Austin engages in what’s known

########
Rank: 25
Score: 53.200157
Retrieved Text: The kid's name is Thomas Daniel, and Austin saw him running after his bus crying, because he'd never missed a day of school before.
It also happened to be Thomas's birthday, and on their way to the school, he told Austin he was worried no one would show up to his party. Turns out he gets bullied a lot, and unfortunately he was right.
None of his friends from school showed up for his party that night. But Austin did, and brought a few other cops with him. So Thomas still had a good time. It didn't end there, because Austin and the other officers decided to throw him a second party the next day and gave him a bunch of cool stuff.
He got toys, shirts and hats with the police department logo on them, a bunch of Krispy Kreme donuts that spelled out "Happy Birthday", and Austin even brought along a quartet to sing to him.
Thomas says he'll never forget it for the rest of his life, and he called Austin "the coolest guy [he's] ever met."

########
Rank: 26
Score: 52.944378
Retrieved Text: Investor Josiah Austin said Shkreli "wanted to be Stevie Cohen."
"Sorry for all the inconvenience," Shkreli wrote after losing $4.8 million of Austin's money.
Back in 2007, Martin Shkreli "wanted to be Stevie Cohen" — but the "pharma bro" tended to give bad stock tips and blew through nearly $5 million of an investor's money at his hedge fund in less than one year, the investor testified Friday.
"Sorry for all the inconvenience," Shkreli emailed that investor, Josiah Austin, after the steep loss of Austin's entire stake in his fund, Elea Capital.
Shkreli, now 34, later reneged on a promise to try to repay investor Josiah Austin by gifting him a stake in Shkreli's new drug company Retrophin when it was being launched, Austin testified in Brooklyn, NY, federal court.
"No, I don't think he had my best interests at heart," Austin said of Shkreli and his handling of Austin's money.
He also said that now-defunct financial giant Lehman Brothers ended up suing him to try to recoup about $2 million the firm lost from Shkreli's trading at his hedge fund Elea Capital in the mistaken belief that Austin had promised to cover any trading losses for Shkreli.
Austin's testimony added to a picture of prosecutors are painting of Shkreli at his trial on securities fraud charges.
That picture is someone who was a serial failed investor of other people's money, one who dragged his feet at turning over tax documents about that money, and someone who dropped the names of other investors.
One of them legendary pharmacy executive Fred Hassan, was touted as being

########
Rank: 27
Score: 52.841232
Retrieved Text: Since people began to communicate with each other, "Tell me a story" has been a request of both children and adults.
Storytelling is one person telling others of something. The story can be of a real event or it can be made up. Storytelling is often a part of our everyday conversations.
A new YouTube talent is Stephen F. Austin as " Old Man Steve ".
Old Man Steve is a name you could soon be recognizing. Stephen F. Austin created the character on video shorts, and this old man is doggone funny. A Dallas,TX Woodrow Wilson High School '57 (WW) alumnus, Austin is a familiar face around town, having been associated with the Dallas Summer Musicals for more than 30 years.
Now retired, he is spending his time making people laugh. I think it's lots of fun to make people smile. And it brings out the ham in me, says Austin about his current ventures.
Steve worked in his father's dental lab for 20 years, and then ran it for ten years after his dad's retirement. It was a father-to-son thing, he explains. Always a musical theater aficionado, the Dallas,TX resident headed for New York in 1959. For a Texas kid like me, going to live in New York may as well have been Europe.
He worked in the box office for a variety of shows. I spent eight years there, working on and off with some summer stock. I worked upstate in Latham, NY and worked at the Colony Summer Theater. We brought in touring shows with talent including Ethel

########
Rank: 28
Score: 52.421406
Retrieved Text: Young riders increasingly participate in the life-and-death jumps and crashes of the sport.
Looking like a pink Power Ranger in her pink and black helmet, racing jersey and pants and knee-high rubber motocross boots, 8-year-old Cheyenne Craig is standing with her arms out to the side like a penguin as water drips off her clothes.
“I got wet,” Cheyenne, who is hyper with pre-race excitement, tells Austin Iverson, 12. A few minutes before, Austin had cooled himself off in the 95-degree weather the same way as Cheyenne, by chasing after one of the water-spraying trucks that continually patrol the grounds of Rocky Mountain Raceways to keep the dust down in the rows between racers’ trailers.
When the starting gates drop, the “powderpuff” girl riders take off on their tiny 65 cubic-centimeter motorcycles, whose engines’ whine is a comically high-pitched rendition of the bigger bikes’ rumbling. Right out of the starting gate, Cheyenne shoots ahead of the other riders in her class. The little riders do four laps around a modified version of the 6-acre track, skipping the upper loop that has bigger jumps for older riders.
A volunteer flagger at the end of the track loop raises a checkered flag as Cheyenne buzzes by, winning her heat—which in motocross is called a “moto.” Austin, watching along the sidelines, admits he’s been beaten by a girl before.
After her first bike moto and her first ATV moto—Cheyenne also races ATVs—she is relaxing in the back of the utility trailer that hauls all her gear with her dad, Rod, her mom, Jody, and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 52.21882
Retrieved Text: Brian Austin Green has been engaged to Vanessa Marcil (2001 - 2003).
Brian Austin Green has been in relationships with Tiffani Thiessen (1992 - 1995), Soleil Moon Frye (1991) and Tori Spelling (1990 - 1991).
Brian Austin Green is a 45 year old American Actor. Born Brian Green on 15th July, 1973 in Van Nuys, California and educated at North Hollywood High School, he is famous for David Silver on Beverly Hills 90210. His zodiac sign is Cancer.
Brian Austin Green has been in 7 on-screen matchups, including Josie Davis in Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990), Tiffani Thiessen in She Fought Alone (1995), Tori Spelling in Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990), Vanessa Marcil in Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990) and Nicholle Tom in Unwed Father (1997).
Brian Austin Green is a member of the following lists: Rappers from Los Angeles, Male actors from Los Angeles and People from Van Nuys, Los Angeles.
Help us build our profile of Brian Austin Green! Login to add information, pictures and relationships, join in discussions and get credit for your contributions.
Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green have been married for 8 years. They were dating for 1 year after getting together in May 2004. After 7 days of engagement they married on 24th Jun 2010.
Vanessa Marcil and Brian Austin Green were engaged for 2 years. They dated for 2 years after getting together in 1999. They were engaged in 2001 but later separated in 2003.
Tiffani Thiessen and Brian Austin Green dated from 1992 to December, 1995.
Soleil Moon Frye is rumored to have hooked up with Brian Austin Green

================



======= Instance Index 3554 =========
Input Text: Context: She told Sasha that she did not get to celebrate her birthday, so Sasha took her to Vegas.

Question: What will Sasha want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: go to sleep in Vegas

B: shop in Vegas

C: celebrate with her and Sasha

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 67.99528
Retrieved Text: DS chats to Hollyoaks actress Nathalie Emmanuel about her character's relationship with Warren Fox.
After fighting her way from the darkest depths of drug addiction, Hollyoaks' Sasha Valentine - played by 20-year-old Nathalie Emmanuel - now seems to have her life back on track. Since the beginning of the year, Sasha's eyes have been firmly focused on the village's resident bad boy Warren Fox (Jamie Lomas), and while wooing him she's forged a strong bond with his foster brother, Spencer (Darren Langford). Now with her ideal man within metaphorical reaching distance, Sasha ups her game over the next couple of weeks to the point where Warren can resist no longer. We chat to Nathalie to find out more.
What do you think attracts Sasha to Warren?
"I think that Sasha going for an older boyfriend helps her in her mission to feel more grown up. Also, what girl doesn't like a bad boy? Warren fits both requirements and she sees him as a challenge, too. Apart from that, she has quite an addictive personality, so when sets her eyes on someone or something, she'll go to any length to get it."
Even though she's 18, do you think Sasha's still quite immature?
"Yeah, she's very immature. I think it comes down to her general lack of judgement! Everyone's telling her how Warren's bad news and he even broke her brother Calvin's heart when he got with Louise, but she's still blinded by him."
She's been teasing Warren for weeks now. Why hasn't she made a move?
"As much as she acts confident around

########
Rank: 1
Score: 62.407204
Retrieved Text: Sasha couldn't tell if people liked her or not. She didn't know what they meant when they spoke to her. At school, a pet could say, "I like your shoes," and Sasha could take it the completely wrong way. What if they were just saying that to be funny? What if they really thought her shoes were ugly?
All of the pets at school hated her. She was sure of it. They all discriminated against her, made fun of her, laughed at her... Sasha felt like a bug whenever she went to school. She felt like a big bug. She wished she could just disappear. Maybe someone would step on her one day and she could go away.
Was there a better place out there in the world? Where nobody made fun of you just because you were different? Just because you had a problem?
She had to stay here. In Mystery Island. With Katrina. And she had to go to the dumb school she hated.
The only good thing about school was that Amelia was there. Amelia always cheered Sasha up when she was feeling down. She always talked to her. Even though she never really did anything specifically nice, she gave Sasha someone to be with. Maybe friend wasn't the best word to describe Amelia. Maybe acquaintance was better.
The other day, Amelia told Sasha that she needed more money. So naturally, Sasha went into Katrina's closet and found where she had hidden her Neopoints after Sasha had taken them before. This time she wouldn't empty the whole bag,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 59.47304
Retrieved Text: Malia Obama was only 10 years old when her father took office, and she's grown up in the public eye. Now a student at Harvard, she's living a private life.
Malia Obama was 10 when Obama took office.
Barack Obama, Sasha Obama, Malia Obama, and Michelle Obama on election night in 2008.
President Obama was inaugurated January 20, 2009.
After moving from Chicago to Washington DC, both Malia and her sister Sasha began school at Sidwell Friends.
Sasha and Malia preparing for their first day of school.
Malia graduated from high school in 2016.
Barack Obama promised the girls they could get a dog, but because Malia is allergic to animal dander, it took a while.
The family first got Bo and have now added Sunny to the family.
Both she and Sasha have grown up in the public eye.
Sasha is 17 years old.
The Obamas are a close family.
Malia biking with the family in Martha's Vineyard.
They go on family vacations.
Malia volunteered with her family.
President Barack Obama and daughter, Malia, hand out Thanksgiving food to the needy at Bread for the City in 2014.
The passed out food at a food bank.
In 2015, Malia interned on the set of "Girls."
She is a Harvard student heading into her sophomore year.
She is reportedly dating Rory Farquharson.
She took a gap year before her freshman year.
Obama and his daughter Malia walk from Marine One.
Which meant that she as still at home during Obama's farewell address.
U.S. first lady Michelle Obama and her daughter Malia embrace as President Barack Obama praises them during his farewell address.
Her dad moved her into her dorm in

########
Rank: 3
Score: 59.16726
Retrieved Text: Sasha Czack is an American Writer, Photographer, and Actor. She start to came in fame after getting in a relationship with famous actor Sylvester Stallone(Hollywood hulk) and had 2 children.
Sasha Czack was born on July 17, 1950, in Chester, Pennsylvania, USA under birth sign cancer. Her birth name was Alexandra Jane Czack with a nickname Stitch. She did her schooling from Chester and enrolled at a high school named St. John's senior high school.
After graduation in Media Studies from the University of Notre Dame du Lac, she started to do her first acting in American Soap Opera known as 'Love for life' that was released in 1951 on CBS Network. She started to appear in many movies called 'Long Lost Love' and a short drama named 'vie'.
Sasha Czack had married twice. Her first husband name was an American actor known as Sylvester Stallone. They were married on December,28,1974. She was one of the most lead photographers of her husband, Sylvester Stallone's blockbuster 'Rocky' which was released in 1976.
They had two children Sage Stallone and Seargeoh Stallone.The most beautiful pair was separated on 14 February 1985.
She had two children Sage Stallone and Seargeoh Stallone. Sage was born in 1976 and Seargeoh was born in 1979. Sage was also an actor which he had played part in many movies and even he has portrayed his father in the movie called Rocky V in 1990.
One of their son named Sage died at the age of 36 due to the overdose of a drug in 2012. Sasha Czack and Sylvester

########
Rank: 4
Score: 59.02822
Retrieved Text: Wednesday October 17, 2018: Sasha decides to stay in town, Lulu is warned about Peter, and Joss comes up with a plan to win back Oscar.
Spencer stops by Sonny’s and they share a hug. Joss walks in and is delighted to see Spencer. Sonny leaves them, and Spencer explains he wanted to see how she’s doing given her breakup. Joss admits she is stressed because it’s Oscar’s birthday and he’s probably out with his new girlfriend. Spencer tells Joss she is great and plenty of guys would love to date her, and perhaps Oscar needs to see that. Joss thanks him for the great idea and knows just how to get Oscar back. She’s going to use Cameron.
At the Metro Court bar, Nina vents to Maxie that Sasha stood her up for breakfast. Maxie tries to assure her that Sasha is likely just running late. Maxie receives a text and has to rush off. In the lobby, Valentin stops Sasha, who was on her way to the airport. He introduces himself and works to convince her to give Nina a chance. Maxie walks by and overhears his passionate plea to Sasha. Sasha decides to meet with Nina, and Nina apologizes for acting like a mess yesterday. Nina presents her with some photos of her other family members, including her half-sister Kiki. Sasha asks about her father. Nina explains Silas never knew about her, but he was a good man, who died a few years ago. Sasha decides to cancel her flight and stick around a few

########
Rank: 5
Score: 58.19591
Retrieved Text: Sasha Bezmel will face more tough times on Home and Away.
Home and Away's Sasha Bezmel will face more tough times in the coming weeks as she experiences cruel bullying.
Sasha, played by Demi Harman, is victimised by show newcomer Christie in the aftermath of Stu Henderson's mysterious death.
Christie was close to Stu (Brenton Thwaites) before his passing and takes her grief out on Sasha as she is suspicious of her.
Isabelle Cornish, who appears as Christie for a guest stint, told TV Week: "Christie was great friends with Stu and had a crush on him, so she's really upset when she finds out he died. She's on a mission to find out who's responsible.
"Christie doesn't like Sasha. Her aim is to destroy her. She tries to get rid of her friends, bully her and make her uncomfortable."
Revealing what it was like to film the scenes, she continued: "I had to make myself believe Sasha was a really bad person and that I wanted her to feel unhappy. It was pretty crazy playing Christie - I had to chill out afterwards!"
Stu was involved in a domestic violence storyline with Sasha before his death.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 58.078644
Retrieved Text: Steffy takes the next step in her divorce from Wyatt, Nicole becomes more certain about what she wants in a relationship.
Thursday on "The Bold and the Beautiful" at Forrester, Steffy told Liam that she is moving out of her brother's place. The star-crossed lovers seemed happy to be a couple once again, and ready to move on with their lives. A specialist arrived at the office to get Steffy's tattooed wedding 'ring' removed. With Liam by her side, she underwent the painful laser procedure.
At Brooke's house, Maya and Nicole get ready to go to the doctor's office. Rick, Maya and Nicole came to the agreement that if there were any doubts, any one of them were free to call the whole thing off.
The couple showed concern about Nicole's relationship with Zende. "Zende's upset, and he's not thinking straight. And I understand it, but I can't let it control me." she said to them. She questioned the kind of future she would have with Zende if he runs off to Hawaii for a hot fling every time she makes a decision for herself that he doesn't like. She reasoned that maybe this was his way of processing big life changes. Naturally, she was relieved that Zende and Sasha haven't slept together, and was hopeful that he was on his way back to her right now.
"If he isn't, and he is standing by his decision, I am going to stand by mine."
Could Ivy and Wyatt be getting back together?
With new and old flames igniting, what is happening with

########
Rank: 7
Score: 57.380318
Retrieved Text: Description: Sasha is desperate to find out who murdered her father. When getting the answer means pledging her soul to Eryx, she unlocks a secret that puts her in grave danger—Sasha is Anabo, a daughter of Eve, and Eryx’s biggest threat.
The Mephisto Covenant has an incredibly creative premise, but I had a difficult time getting behind it. Sasha is supposed to be a character made up purely of goodness; she never feels temptation or harbors genuine ill feelings. It is explained that Sasha is a descendant of Auoroa (the daughter Eve had before she was expelled from the Garden of Eden) and Jax is a son of hell. Jax, quite literally is damned and his only shot at redemption is his ability to love Sasha. It all sounds so incredibly romantic, right? The only issue I had with the premise is that in order for Jax to be redeemed they both have to change. You see, Jax is supposedly made up of dark feelings (despair, loss, jealous, etc.) while Sasha lies on the opposite end of the emotional spectrum. Now, that alone did not bother me, it was the idea that Sasha would somehow be worse off by changing.
Throughout the book, both characters struggle with the idea that in order to be together, Sasha will begin to feel these “negative emotions”. Now, in my opinion, a person needs balance. Can you imagine if you were always sunshine and rainbows? I know it sounds phenomenal, but if you never experience negative emotions, you never understand the gift

########
Rank: 8
Score: 57.22274
Retrieved Text: The Michelle Kwan Forum > Specialty Shop > Event Archive > MICHELLE WON!!!!
View Full Version : MICHELLE WON!!!!
YES!!! Michelle Won!!! Niomi Nari Nam is falling apart. MICHELLE WON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AND THE CREAM RISES TO THE TOP!!!!!!!
Michelle Won! Oh My! I keep biting my nails when I was watching the whole. It was definitely not the best program of hers, but boy look at her being so determined. Sasha was really good, but I think she have double-footed one of the triple luz. Could someone confirm that??
Sasha is in 2nd place and Sarah is in 3rd.
Oh my God. My heart was pounding so much. Luckily it hasn't aired yet or I probably might have a heart attack. I'm just so thrilled for our 4 time National Champ. Yes! Now it's time for Michelle to get ready for Worlds. With Irina being as consistent as she is right now, Michelle will definitely need to fix that 3loop and go for the 3toe-3toe....but tonight, why it's quite alright to celebrate!
I've been crying since Sasha placed 2nd because all my tensions got loose to find out Michelle WON! You know, like Audrey Weisiger was crying after Michael won. Phew~ I can finally relax that Michelle is once again CHAMPION. I think judges marked very conservatively for Sasha "just in case NNN skate like last year" which did not happen this year.
YESSSSSSSSSS!!!!! I was so happy! I was sooo nervous watching it. Almost couldn't look!
I am spent! I was a mess and the meatballs from dinner met up with the entire box of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 57.189133
Retrieved Text: Here's the match video of Charlotte vs Sasha Banks vs Becky Lynch from last night's Wrestlemania. The big news from last night is the word "Diva" will no longer be used and the WWE Divas Championship has been replaced by the WWE Women's Championship. This change is long overdue and hopefully it signals a move away from the kind of tepid booking we have seen lately. I don't like three way matches so I was not looking forward to this match. It was actually pretty good except for the finish. Sasha came out with her cousin Snoop Dogg and her gear was an Eddie Guerrero tribute. She also did a frog splash during the match. The reason I don't like three way matches is they all have the same pattern. One of the three wrestlers gets tossed from the ring and it's a singles match for a while. And this pattern repeats. Fortunately there were some good spots that moved the match at a good pace. Sasha does a lot of flying around and she likes to take bumps. One of the best spots was when Becky dove onto Sasha outside the ring and Sasha pushed Ric Flair into her and Becky took Flair out. And I also liked Charlotte's moonsault from the top rope to the floor. All three wrestlers use submissions as finishers. Of course in a three way match, the third wrestler usually breaks it up. The end came when Charlotte tossed Sasha to the outside. She put her figure eight leglock on

########
Rank: 10
Score: 57.112774
Retrieved Text: Bridal prep’ began in Lady Elton’s room, which was coincidentally decorated in the colours of the day – green & white. Emma got her hair and makeup done, while downstairs Callum was greeting guests, who were being welcomed in to the sound of the harpist.
Emma’s bridesmaids got ready into beautiful, long, teal gowns, as Emma changed into a simply stunning Prenovias dress. She looked so elegant with a classic up-do, topped off with a sparkly hair piece & veil. Callum was dressed in a handsome, dark blue Slaters suit, accessorised with a blue tie and awesome pair of blue & brown brogues.
The ceremony began and it was clear to see that it touched the hearts of many in the room, as well as Callum & Emma who got a little teary-eyed. After the I do’s, family & friends made their way outside and formed a tunnel, ready to shower the newlyweds with plenty of confetti. Although it was sprinkling outside, nobody was fazed, which is honestly the best way to deal with a spot of rain at a wedding.
The wedding breakfast took place in the venue’s conservatory, which had heaps of natural light flooding in and looked just gorgeous. The room looked very classic & traditional, and was decorated with heaps of baby’s breath flowers. Speeches came before the food, and Callum, Emma’s dad & the best man did a fantastic job.
After dinner and dessert, Callum, Emma & I went out for a walk along the vast grounds for some bride & groom photos. They looked

########
Rank: 11
Score: 56.883904
Retrieved Text: Charlie felt very nervous talking about his twins from his adulteress relationship. He apologised again to Sasha for leaving her holding the kittens so to speak. Sasha told Charlie that she had loved them as if they were her own and although they both lived far away with their new partners they still sent messages to her now and again by the pigeon postal service.
Charlie looked at Sasha and could tell that she had lived a hard life and if it took him all of his last cat life he would look after and love her like he had promised to do when they married.
They felt the magnetism draw them closer until they could feel each other’s breath, Sasha noted that Charlie had eaten some garlic 😬 , he must have taken a liking to it whilst being away. Closer and closer they drew together then their mouths touched and they shared their first kiss together again.
Good for Charlie being honest and stepping up. And well done to Sasha for being able to see past all the hurt, that takes a lot. Maybe Charlie & Sasha can take a trip to see Kit Kat in the circus soon, let them know the good news that they’re reunited. Or send a paw-written letter. I bet the pigeon postal service is cheaper than Royal Mail, too.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 56.815662
Retrieved Text: Celebrations fit for a Queen!
Beyoncé celebrated her 35th birthday this weekend with Michelle Obama and her daughters Sasha and Malia, as well as her own daughter Blue Ivy, at the president’s lush countryside retreat.
While the president himself was away on business – he’s in China at the moment for the g20 summit - the girls no doubt enjoyed a weekend filled with plenty of presidential-style partying.
Not only does Queen Bee mark her 35th birthday today, she also took out the biggest amount of awards at this week’s MTV video music awards ceremony.
The highly decorated singer took home eight of the Moonman statuettes. This makes her the most-awarded in the history of the VMAs, with Madonna now holding second place.
While relaxing in the country with the Obamas might be just what she needed after such a hectic week, we hear Bey is planning a big bash to celebrate her birthday milestone.
E-News reports she’s throwing a Soul Train themed party – after the 70s TV show which was all about the funk, disco and hip hop tunes of the time.
Oh and the clothes? Did we mention the clothes?
We imagine there will be some pretty amazing outfits on display as well – but naturally we expect Bey to outshine them all.
The huge party will be held in New York on the 5th of September.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 56.544094
Retrieved Text: Sasha Obama just celebrated her 16th birthday, and she was probably counting the days until she could tell anyone who asked that she was 16. There was probably some sort of celebration with friends and family. She may have even gotten a great gift from her parents, but everyone who knows her knew it was her birthday. She told them weeks in advance that it was getting closer.
Most women of a certain age dread birthdays, or at least talking about the age we are as they are a reminder of the fact we are getting older. Remember as a child when someone asked you how old you were you would answer 15 and a half, and I will be 16 on June 23. It seemed we wanted to be older. At the age of 20 we would tell people I will be 21 in so many months. Then the dreaded 30 came, and for the most part we would own up to the age of 30, but soon after that we stopped talking about our birthday.
If we celebrated we started to insist that there be no candles on the cake except maybe one in the center because it just looked better, and besides who wanted all the germs from blowing out all of those candles. Time seemed to speed up, and we zipped through the 40’s some of us the 50’s and beyond by just saying it was our birthday.
Some say you are to never ask a lady her age, it’s equivalent to asking a man

########
Rank: 14
Score: 56.49106
Retrieved Text: Mindfulness, with compassion and self-compassion, brings out the best in the speaker and creates conditions in which the listener is more likely to respond mindfully rather than reactively.
This allows the people in the conversation to connect rather than distance.
When people connect, they are better able to deal with differences, solve problems creatively, and collaborate effectively.
These attributes, characteristic of mindful conversations, enable the two or more people to move into high performance in whatever task they are working to accomplish.
These mindful conversations are also transformative. By bringing self-awareness to the fore, awareness of other, and awareness of the interaction between the participants, the process becomes transformative for the individuals and the relationship.
It is an art in that it is honed with study, practice, experience, and attention.
Mindful Conversations are a science in that they apply the newest research from neuroscience and interpersonal neurobiology. The moment someone brings their attention, intention, and commitment to a mindful conversation, new neural networks begin to form, thus changing and rewiring the architecture of the brain.
Our focus this month will cover the importance of mindful conversations, the basic structure of them, and we'll outline the principles. Then, over the next 10 months or so, we'll go into specific aspects of Mindful Conversations.
Sally has just left a meeting in which she felt humiliated because she didn't know the answer to a question that a senior leader asked about the project she was presenting. Though everyone in the room was understanding, Sally is upset with her team for not giving her sufficient information for the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 56.315136
Retrieved Text: Home government green paper meltdown rollercoaster SALT SEN statement Ah, the return of the meltdown..... Statement, anyone?
Ah, the return of the meltdown..... Statement, anyone?
So. Today was not exactly a good day. Things have been ticking along quite well for Sasha though so I guess I should have realised we were about to go off the end of the rollercoaster ride again (I think I did anticipate this, subconsciously... but that doesn't mean I made it happen!!).
Nothing too unusual about this morning - she didn't want to get dressed in her uniform again, and so on to the usual game playing to try and persuade her to get dressed and leave the house. However she was slightly more adamant this morning, and although I managed to sneak her tracksuit bottoms on (no mean feat, believe me), she would not let me remove her nightie (actually an old summer dress, her favourite bedtime attire at the mo). We had this type of issue a couple of weeks back, and I did end up taking her to school in just her polo shirt and nappy, which Tamsin thought was hysterically funny. Fortunately, as Tamsin was laughing so much, that time it did get Sasha out of the mood and she let me put the tracksuit bottoms on in the car when we got to school.
This morning though, Sasha was quite pleased that she'd been able to keep the nightie on, and she skipped into school wearing it. Again with some clever trickery I managed to get her polo shirt

########
Rank: 16
Score: 56.019474
Retrieved Text: I'm so glad I finally got around to read this book. It's been sitting on my TBR forever and I'm so happy I'm tackling it now that I'm finally on vacation. I'll try not to spoil anything major I promise.
Jumping into the book, you're first introduced to the main character Erica and her friends who are going on a vacation abroad together but while all Erica's friends want to do is party and sunbathe, she wants to go see the sights and experience the temples of Cambodia. So she ends up venturing out on her own and that's when she meets Sasha. They share this connection right from the start and throughout the first day they get along so great they decide to keep travelling together. Sasha being well traveled shows her around and takes her to some of his favorite places. While they are on their journey they soon fall for each other, and even though it was super fast you can't help but like seeing them together being all cute. But Sasha has been hiding a secret all along, a secret that is a big part of who he is - being a Prince and King to be. This secret will hang over them throughout the entirety of the book, in various ways.
Even knowing his secret and not knowing if she could ever live the royal life and all the duties that come with it, neither Erica or Sasha want to part ways. They take on a long distance/secret relationship heads on, and somehow

########
Rank: 17
Score: 55.363373
Retrieved Text: Nov. 26, 2014: Two years ago last week we went to the Seattle airport to pick up Sasha, formerly known as Delaware 14. You probably recall she was “the dog with four front legs” because of the way her rear legs formed. They bend the wrong way and are fused. X-rays showed she was born with no hip sockets, so her leg bones are floating without touching her pelvis.
She uses her back legs like a pogo stick, running with her front legs with her back legs bouncing along behind her. In fact running is her only efficient gait. We have rugs all over the bare floors so she has traction. When she gets off them she more or less swims across the floor. Her front legs and chest muscles are incredible and she has plenty of determination.
It was pretty obvious she had never played with other dogs. She loves her humans but is fiercely independent, and didn’t make friends with the other dogs; she got along great with everybody but never really related to them. That all changed earlier this year when we got Lily, a one or two year old Sammy girl found as a stray. Lily also showed little evidence of playing when she was first here. She was found with a litter of puppies, covered with ticks, and it was probably her first heat. Now a wonderful change has come over both the girls. They gradually became closer and now they roll around playing and chewing on each other. It’s heartwarming to see

########
Rank: 18
Score: 55.079422
Retrieved Text: General Hospital spoilers indicate Michael Corinthos (Chad Duell) and Sasha Gilmore (Sofia Mattsson) soon get closer. Luckily, she didn’t scare Michael away when she ran off the other day. In fact, her hasty exit probably intrigued him even more. However, it’s all fun and games until its time to meet the parents. Once Carly Corinthos gets a whiff of Sasha’s lies, the gig may be up on the ABC soap.
Recently on GH, spoilers put Sasha Gilmore to the test – DNA test that is. On a hunch, Maxie Jones (Kirsten Storms) ran the schemer’s DNA against Nina Reeves (Michelle Stafford). Maxie was checking if she’s really Nina’s daughter. However, it totally backfired when Nina’s fiancé, Valentin Cassadine (James Patrick Stuart) rigged the test in their favor. So for now, Valentin and his co-conspirator are in the clear.
Now, Sasha can breathe easier around her possible love interest, Michael Corinthos. The last time that these two were together, Sasha bolted after they confessed to liking each other. At the time, Sasha was afraid that the DNA test would expose her as a fraud. Now that’s out of the way and there is nothing standing between her and a new love, hint General Hospital spoilers.
Sasha wants Peter to drop his and Maxie's investigation, West Coast. Does wanting Nina to be happy complicate things?
Coming soon on General Hospital, spoilers predict Michael Corinthos may get another shot at love. Hopefully, this one will live long enough to love Michael back. So far, every woman Michael chooses lies, dies or gets locked

########
Rank: 19
Score: 54.720535
Retrieved Text: ''Mason had decided that when the cigarette burned right down to the filter, he was going to shoot himself in the head.
It wasn't something he planned in advance. It was just something he was going to do today.
romances: Sasha Darling (ex-girlfriend), Cordelia Stanwick (ex-girlfriend), Ines Moreno (attracted to), Ellis Pennyroyal (one night stand).
Mason was born with a plastic spoon in his mouth. His father was an insurance salesman and not a very good one, bringing little to the table. His mother was a waitress who forgot or mixed up her orders constantly, and seemed to be always circling new job ads in the newspaper. Mason was left to his own devices for much of his childhood. He was good at inventing new games and coercing other kids to play with him. He possessed an aura of self-confidence and control that others found a little unsettling and while he may not have been the biggest kid in the playground, he was the one you listened to. He could be downright scary when he wanted to be. Which was often. You did what Mason said.
Mason was born with itchy feet. He found it difficult to stay in school, when all he wanted to do was see a bit of the world. He heard his father dryly commenting to his mother one night, when he was meant to be in bed, that he was just like his Uncle Chris. Mason had never heard of an 'Uncle Chris' before, and endeavoured to find out about him.
Find out he did. Uncle

########
Rank: 20
Score: 54.56413
Retrieved Text: The first lady took questions from children reporters Monday after appearing at the White House Easter Egg Roll. She told the children that if they eat right the majority of the time, then a splurge or snack is not going to hurt them.
The first lady said she tries to teach her two daughters balance and healthy meals at home, to offset any ice cream or birthday cake they have while out.
Mrs. Obama said her favorite physical activity is tennis, which she tries to do at least once a week. She said her daughter Malia participates in track and tennis too, while Sasha enjoys basketball and dance.
She urged the young scribes— who ranged in age from 6 years old to 13 years old— to eat balanced meals, drink water and keep moving.
The children reporters and their parents were part of the 30,000 people visiting the White House for the annual egg roll event.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 54.557594
Retrieved Text: When Sasha goes on holiday, she is expecting just a wonderful time alone with her mother. However, she becomes aware that she is being followed by a strange man. He approaches her telling her that she must swim naked at four in the morning and from a sense of fear Sasha complies. When they return home he appears again, telling her to go for a run every morning at five o’clock. At the end of the run she must urinate in a bush. Once again through fear she complies. At the end of each task Sasha vomits gold coins.
Vita Nostra (2018. 404 pages) is a Russian novel by Marina & Sergey Dyachenko. The book was translated by Julia Meitov Hersey. This is the first English translation to be published.
If novel is a vague way of describing the book it is because it’s a difficult book to compartmentalise. Part philosophical rumination, part examination on the nature of fear.
The title translates as ‘Our life’ and in many ways the book is about the life of the main POV character, Sasha. Having undergone the potentially humiliating rituals she is told that she has won a place at the Institute of Special Technologies. There the book follows her through her semesters which consist of lessons which appear to be meaningless, ending in examinations which seem unpassable.
The book sits somewhere between magic realism and science fiction, although at times it almost feels like a horror story. The reason that Sasha continues her strange education is because she is convinced that her

########
Rank: 22
Score: 54.48454
Retrieved Text: Just took a look at that twitter. I so badly want to believe what they're saying, but I also don't want to set myself up for a massive disappointment.
Sasha Banks, Charloote, Bayley and Becky Lynch as NXT divas.
I don't believe that Twitter account, but supposing 16 is the number of divas we'll get before DLC? I'd be happy! Of course, I'd want more but we only had 10 divas after DLC last year.
Really? The only NXT divas I am expecting are Charlotte and Sasha.
Hopefully Alexa Bliss is at least DLC if she isn't already included on the game.
She's with the tag champs. I do feel like she has a strong chance. I honestly see the NXT roster being Becky, Bayley, Sasha, Charlotte, Carmella & Alexa.
I see already people have their hopes set way too high. Every year we say how there should be no reason why we shouldn't get every Diva in the game but we're not going to. And if we can't even get every main roster Diva, then there's a very very slim chance we would get extra NXT Divas like Dana Brooke & Carmella.
I don't think we're getting her. She's with TNA.
Why wouldn't we get Cameron?
Dana Brooke, not Brooke Tessmacher.
She hasn't been on TV for a long while.
Edited by ItalianoFBI, 17 July 2015 - 08:31 PM.
After the SD promo I genuinely feel they may be putting team BAD over tbh, especially since Sasha is NXT womne's champ.
There is a difference between desires and ezpectations. I desire as many divas as we can get.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 54.317883
Retrieved Text: Sasha Rodriguez didn't know she was taking E?
Sasha Rodriguez is the young raver who might have changed everything, but not before losing her life to ecstasy.
After attending L.A.'s Electric Daisy Carnival in June the 15-year-old died of an apparent ecstasy overdose. Her mother, Gracie Rodriguez, told Dr. Phil Friday that she didn't know her daughter was going to a rave (she "lied to both parents") and that she somehow "wasn't aware" she was taking ecstasy.
Rodriguez, who has hired a lawyer, also said Sasha "did walk in ... there was no carding," even though the age limit at the huge party on public land -- the Los Angeles Coliseum -- was supposed to be for those 16 and older.
Here's the thing: Do you believe Gracie Rodriguez? Is it possible to take enough ecstasy that would kill you and not know it? Do you think she was not carded, or was she one of dozens if not hundreds of gatecrashers that weekend?
Those are questions that could be brought up in court.
One thing's for sure: Her death rocked the scene. Insomniac Events, the company that puts on EDC, changed its policy to 18-and-older, with strict carding.
And the city and county are reconsidering whether or not to allow raves at venues they control. In one case already an Insomniac Halloween event was canceled by the city-run Los Angeles Convention Center, prompting a $1 million lawsuit against the venue by Insomniac.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 54.312256
Retrieved Text: Our experience with The Dog Wizard in Charlotte was nothing short of amazing. We shopped around at a few different places, but I am so thankful we chose them! Our husky, Jade, had just turned one and was full of energy that was expressed in all the wrong ways. Family members even joked that she might be deaf because of how obviously she ignored everything you would tell her. We dropped her for two weeks and when we picked her up, I was absolutely shocked. My dog who once did not respond to her own name, used to jump all over me when I walked in the door and walk freely wherever she pleased just remained sitting when I walked in the room. I hadn't seen her in two whole weeks and as excited as she was (ears back, tail wagging) she never came off of her "place" until the trainer told her it was okay!
That was one year ago and things have not changed. Jade now roams our yard with no leash and comes back when called. She sleeps in a crate, which she actually loves! She doesn't think twice when told to sit, lay down, or come. It is truly a miracle. We can now enjoy bringing her to outdoor restaurants and others' homes without worrying.
We are forever thankful for the skillful DW trainers!!!
First off...Melanie is amazing! She is an absolutely amazing trainer! The gift she has given our family with our dog, Bella, being part of the family instead of always staying at

########
Rank: 25
Score: 54.19223
Retrieved Text: In a Skype interview set to air Wednesday, Michelle Obama told Rachael Ray the motivation behind the divisive new haircut. “This is my midlife crisis,” she said, “jokingly,” according to the AP. She added that she cut her bangs for her 49th birthday because she couldn’t get a sports car and wouldn’t be allowed to bungee jump. And when you think about it, there aren’t many outlets for a First Lady in midlife crisis. She can’t really quit her job and, as luck would have it, she couldn’t possibly get into better physical shape. Flirting with younger men is out, for propriety’s sake, as is procuring a small amount of her salad days drug of choice. Even dressing the teensiest bit young can draw a lot of negative attention when you’re Michelle Obama. It was basically down to bangs, a tattoo, or pressuring Sasha and Malia to fulfill her girlhood dreams. Not that she has to choose!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 54.128475
Retrieved Text: Sasha Samokhina is a straight A student looking forward to going to university. When on holiday with her single mother a strange man starts to follow her. He sets her a challenge to repeat every day, to go swimming naked the same time every morning. If she doesn’t oblige, she will be stuck in a time loop or worse, her family will be hurt. And hurt in a way no one can prove was anyone else’s fault… When she succeeds, Sasha is offered a place at the Institute of Special Technologies. An offer she cannot refuse.
The afternoon sun was just as scorching, but Sasha's instant chill felt like a lining of frost in her stomach. Not really sure of why she was so afraid of the dark man, Sasha shot up the street, her sandals drumming a feverish rhythm and passersby hastily moving out her way.
What on earth was this? It’s either genius or insane. Metaphysics, philosophy, the trials of growing up and going to university, a totalitarian regime at a mysterious university where they learn “special technologies”, emotional blackmail... You’re either going to love it or hate it.
The beginning captures the feeling of street harassment so well, that second sense that someone is watching you and the paranoia that something really bad will happen. Sasha asks Farit Kozhennikov if he is a pervert, because that is the initial reaction of anyone sane. And then suddenly it changes direction, but there is this huge sense of anxiety in the background. Whatever is happening cannot be good.
Sasha

########
Rank: 27
Score: 53.942707
Retrieved Text: By 3015, the world has changed a great deal; it is now divided into two main blocks comprised of The East and The West. Many of the old prejudices appear to have disappeared. A ‘gene’ for homosexuality has been discovered and has subsequently wiped out all justification for discrimination based on sexual orientation.
When an alien race who have lost the ability to procreate due to a polluted water supply invade Western Earth; fertile persons with the gene are put in a ‘re-education’ camp to become future breeders for the conquering aliens.
In a corner unit on the east side of Center City, Sasha Carter stood looking at the little box which had belonged to his father.
It was Sasha’s seventy-second birthday today, but he didn’t feel like celebrating. He wondered if his daughter would call him. Then again, why should she?
He ran a wrinkled finger over the initials on the box, M.C. Meehan Carter.
Sasha put the box down. As a boy he had fantasized about what was in that box, imagining it would reveal something to him about his father…thinking that if he knew, it would bring them closer. But he never dared open it.
His father handed him the box on his deathbed. "This is yours now," he’d told Sasha. "You must never allow it to fall into the wrong hands."
Sasha had clutched the box close to his chest, blinking at his father curiously. "What do you mean…the wrong hands?"
"It contains priceless information," his father breathed, hardly hearing him anymore.
"What do I do with it?" Sasha had asked

########
Rank: 28
Score: 53.807
Retrieved Text: Summary: Felix is taken to visit his daughter, Sasha — under supervision — by the Haitian and H.R.G., who is unaware of what's happening to his own daughter back home.
The air is crisp and cool off the water. The sun is setting over Lake Michigan, an explosion of colour from orange to pink and gradually becoming golden, dark as the waves lap against the white shore, dusted by snow. A small, idyllic log cabin overlooks the water. Snow covers its peaked roof. Other than those present inside, evidenced by chimney smoke and the black van in the driveway, there's no one around.
"So, to review, if the Haitian points toward the door, it's time to leave. No questions, you just go. You will be allowed to talk to your daughter, but I will be accompanying you the entire time. Make no mention of her mother unless she brings it up first… There is no sense in rubbing salt in the poor child's wounds." With that, Noah straightens out his suit coat and begins to move toward the cabin door, presuming that Felix knows how to get out of a car on his own.
"Understood," Felix says, curtly. He doesn't look precisely overjoyed, as he levers himself out of the car and follows after Noah. His eyelids are heavy and his lips very tight with restrained displeasure, but these are the rules that have to be followed. He has, incongruously enough, a stuffed lambie sticking out of his overcoat pocket. Presumably a present for her.
Another car door is shut,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 53.79427
Retrieved Text: Sasha loves this wind-up bear Gran bought for her. It plays the Teddy Bear Picnic song. When we discovered the lice, all of her stuffed / soft toys went into a plastic bag and were set aside. Out of sight, out of mind.
Today I finally grabbed a toy out of the bag for her today. I wound up the bear and set it up against Tyler's bed. Sasha was so excited to see it! I left her playing with it. A few minutes later, she brought it (and Daddy's Elmo she recently got off a shelf) to me. She wanted all of them in my lap and promptly nursed to sleep cuddling with the two of them.
I'm so glad her life can become more normal now. I thought she might have totally forgotten about the toys in the bag, but she did NOT forget about this bear!
Oh, you managed to beat the lice? That is so wonderful! I'm glad Sasha can have her toys back now.

================



======= Instance Index 21175 =========
Input Text: Context: Aubrey and Skylar were neighbours who did not agree on anything, after Skylar painted Aubrey's fence without permission, Aubrey declared war on Skylar.

Question: How would Aubrey feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: happy

B: aggrieved

C: pleased

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 67.94428
Retrieved Text: Five years ago, Aubrey Hamilton's husband disappeared without a trace. They were at a hotel for his friend's pre-wedding events. While she checked them in, he walked to the bachelor's party and vanished. For five years, Aubrey's been the subject of scrutiny and scorn.
Her mother-in-law pushes to have Josh declared dead at five years. It's right after getting the official court papers that Aubrey spies a man who doesn't look anything like her husband, but the man's mannerisms certainly match Josh's. It's not long before she's falling for this mysterious stranger. There are so many unanswered questions, and Aubrey's determined to get to the bottom of Josh's disappearance and gain the freedom to move on.
No One Knows bounces from Aubrey's point of view to her mother-in-law's to Josh's. The changes are clearly noted and give a complex picture into the lives each party led before Josh's disappearance. As the novel progresses, readers start to see the detailed picture involving Josh, often knowing clues before Aubrey.
This is a suspense along the lines of so many other suspense novels as of late that offer so many twists and turns that you cannot possibly predict the end. I couldn't put this book down. I was hooked. Then I hit the ending. I don't want to give out spoilers, but the ending left me feeling a little disappointed. Had I offered a rating based on the first half of the book, I would have easily said five stars. By the time I reached the ending, I had to drop it

########
Rank: 1
Score: 55.31827
Retrieved Text: A Georgia teen who vanished from his high school two years ago has been found safe and he wants his loved ones to know he was just out having a good time.
Aubrey Carroll was last seen leaving Spalding High School in May 2016 and his subsequent absence had reportedly caused his family a great deal of anguish.
But this week, Aubrey reappeared with a message for those who worried about him all this time.
"Hey, my name is Aubrey Carroll. It’s nice to see y’all," Aubrey says in a video that was posted on the Spalding County Sheriff’s Facebook page Tuesday.
As part of their long-running investigation into his disappearance, investigators say they learned Aubrey, now 17, traveled extensively with a group of people who live solely on cash made through bartering.
“They basically looked like a group of people from the Woodstock era in their clothing and life style,” Sheriff Darrell Dix said.
They also learned that Aubrey was using an assumed name and that he had a Facebook page under that name.
"We also found out that over the time since Aubrey left he had no less than five personal contacts with law enforcement agencies ranging from Alabama to Arizona under his assumed identity," the Spalding County Sheriff's Office said in a statement.
Once they knew Aubrey was alive and well, investigators reached out to his family. To prevent him from going back into hiding, authorities and Aubrey's family decided to wait until he had another interaction with police before trying to arrange a reunion.
However, someone in Aubrey's family tipped him

########
Rank: 2
Score: 53.576
Retrieved Text: "The Fight in the Fixer" is episode fifteen of season eleven of Bones, the forensic drama television series loosely based on the novels and life of anthropologist Kathy Reichs. In this episode, the body of a fixer used by Aubrey's father is found.
Brennan and Booth are in the diner looking at Christine's first report card. Brennan says that Christine got an E+ which Brennan is pleased with. Booth needs clarification, as that sounds bad - as in above an F. Apparently 'E' means 'Exemplary' - it's confusing when grading systems are changed. Christine has also got an E+ in physical education, something that Brennan was never any good at; Booth says Christine takes after him. He wants to know how Christine did in spelling, as he was so terrible he couldn't even spell the word spelling. Brennan thinks that's sad, but Booth was joking. Christine has got perfect grades across the board. Brennan then gets a message that a body has been brought into the lab after being found in the Potomac. Booth says that means local PD moved the victim from the crime scene, and he knows how much she hates that. Brennan is not going to allow that to get in the way of her excellent mood.
The victim is in a large block of ice, and was found by a couple of frat boys doing a polar bear plunge. Angela says that a facial reconstruction is going to be hard, given that the victim lacks his mandible. Cam spots that Angela is wearing a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 53.07052
Retrieved Text: Aubrey Haskins is the main villainess from "I, Witness", episode 7.13 of Castle.
She was portrayed by Audrey Marie Anderson.
Aubrey Haskins is a lawyer representing Cole Whitfield's company, and as revealed later on, she was a sorority sister of Cole's first wife, Mallory, who tragically died. Aubrey told friends that Cole got away with murder, and she joined Cole's company and plotted revenge on him.
After hearing Cole's second wife, Eva, vent about their marriage, Aubrey contacted her and (along with Robert James) cooked up a plan to ruin Cole. The plan included staging Eva's murder and making it appear that Cole (actually played by Robert) had killed her, which would send Cole to jail and leave his fortune to Eva. The plan was successful, as Castle witnesses the "murder," and Cole is the prime suspect. Aubrey appeared to come to the defense of Cole's mistress, Taylor McKinley, after she faces accusations of conspiracy in Eva's murder.
Eva, however, got cold feet after her role and had planned on coming clean, which led to Aubrey killing Eva in the latter's studio apartment, doing so to keep her quiet. After killing Eva, the evil Aubrey killed Cole at his home, and placed his body hanging from the ceiling to make it look like a suicide. Aubrey's villainous roles were revealed when Castle and Beckett confronted her, as it was revealed that Eva's DNA was found in the trunk of her car. Aubrey was arrested for murdering the Whitfields.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 52.282516
Retrieved Text: This month has sure been busy. Aubrey's birthday, Gigi was here, park days, doctor appointments, swimming and now this week moving.
I am so thrilled to be moving into a bigger place. Tuesday cannot get here fast enough for Conrad or myself. I am so done with packing. I cannot wait to have a living room AND a family room. Aubrey is looking forward to more room to run around. Little Allyson will have her own room when she makes her appearance in November. I cannot wait to start on that either :) Conrad is looking forward to a larger garage. A backyard. A real one. Not a patch of grass and a slab of concrete like we have now. There is a covered patio. Grass. Oh we are just too excited. Conrad said today that he doesn't think that he has ever been excited to move.
We are bring some stuff to the house on Tuesday and by July 1st we will officially be moved it. Can't wait!!!
I am truly blessed to have such an awesome husband and an amazing dad to Aubrey. He is just wonderful with Aubrey. I cannot wait to see how he handles two precious children.
Amma, Gigi, Candice, Katiya, Aubrey and I all went to Micke's Grove today for a picnic and a fun day at the zoo. It was a HOT day out today, I'm so thankful for the nice breeze and the shade of the park.
I can't believe that my little baby girl is THREE YEARS old!!
It was kinda weird to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 51.601173
Retrieved Text: Movie Story:Beca (Anna Kendrick), an aspiring mixmaster/DJ, is a freshman at Barden University in PITCH PERFECT. Her father, a professor, won’t let her drop out of college to move to Los Angeles and start her DJ-ing career without having her try college first. He ups the ante when he notices Beca spending more time in her dorm room than out on campus, attending classes and getting to know her peers. If she joins one group and gives it her all and still ends the year determined to move, he’ll finance it himself. So off to the Bellas she goes; the Bellas, once an esteemed all-girl a cappella group, need new members. At the nationals the previous year, the now co-captain, Aubrey (Anna Camp), threw up onstage, ruining their chances. Then again, the Bellas have always played second fiddle to the Treblemakers, Barden’s all-male group; the Bellas’ repertoire is steeped in old songs, and they’re stale. Beca thinks it’s time to shake things up, and most everyone else agrees, but Aubrey is firmly in the skeptical camp. Can they make a comeback at this year’s nationals? And can Beca keep her mind on the game when the Treblemakers’ sweet and talented Jesse (Skylar Astin) is such a distraction?
Pitch perfect 2 and 3 rd in Hindi???

########
Rank: 6
Score: 51.19624
Retrieved Text: Briefly: We thought the returning cast members for Pitch Perfect 2 were all rounded up with Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson and Brittany Snow returning with the rest of the Barden Bellas and Skylar Astin and Ben Platt returning as Treblemakers (not to mention Adam DeVine in some unknown capacity). Now THR adds one more into the mix as Anna Camp has closed a deal to return as once uppity a capella leader Aubrey Posen. Her return is somewhat unexpected since she was a graduating senior in the first film, but clearly she's returning in some form. We still don't know the story, but we know Hailee Steinfeld is joining the female singers, and her mother will be played by Katey Sagal. Stay tuned for more updates on the sequel.
Blah blah blah, Anna Camp is gorgeous. Just saying.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 50.3529
Retrieved Text: I received an ARC from William Morrow Paperbacks via Edelweiss in exchange for an honest review. Thank you!
I don't even know how to begin describing this book. The first few pages gave me a fairly good idea that I was in for an extremely interesting and dark story. In fact, it was so powerful that it's what kept me glued to the pages because I wanted needed to know how Aubrey got to that point.
This is a story of relationships both past and present and how they define Aubrey as a person. It weaves back and forth between past and present to tell the story and explain the complex relationship she had with Rachel. I knew that something big happened that would explain the broken friendship and Aubrey's obnoxious behaviour but I didn't know what. Each chapter brought me a little closer to answers and kept me turning the pages.
Before I say anything else I do need to make one thing clear. The characters are not very likeable in this book. At times they are down right discusting and hard to take. Normally this would turn me off a book but in this case I think it made the story stronger. In life when terrible things happen to us, our behaviour is not always acceptable or pleasant and this was the case with Aubrey. She was not an overly nice person, did terrible things and was cold and distant. Her behaviour actually made me want to read more because I knew that there had to be

########
Rank: 8
Score: 49.377735
Retrieved Text: The Squarespace Aubrey template's beautiful landing pages with full-width background images allow us to highlight stunning imagery to catch your site visitor's eye. Aubrey's info page is a landing page that makes the perfect home page. The Aubrey allows 10twelve to create background images for your website, which can be unique from the initial landing page image. Keeping on trend with the rest of the template, the Aubrey also allows the use of full-width blog images. This spices up compelling content with a large, bold image to support it. Let's get started!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 48.996315
Retrieved Text: Press announcement: Aubrey will perform pieces from the Dragon Age 2 soundtrack for it's world premier at the Play! Concert, June 21st & 22nd at Benaroya Hall in Seattle, Washington. Read more.
Interview with CAFÉ COM GAMES Podcast on the topic of Dragon Age: Origins. Listen to the podcast.
DRAGON AGE: ORIGINS nominated for several Game Audio Network Guild Awards including Music of the Year, Best Soundtrack Album and Best Original Vocal – Pop including "Lelianna's Song" & "I Am The One". Winners will be announced at the 8th Annual G.A.N.G. Awards show during the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco, Friday, March 12th.
DRAGON AGE: ORIGINS is nominated for Best Audio at the 10th Annual Game Developers Choice Awards. Winners will be announced during the 2010 Game Developers Conference on Thursday, March 11, 2010 at the Moscone Convention Center in San Francisco.
Aubrey performed at "A Night in Fantasia 2009". Aubrey's live world premiere in front of Eminence Symphony Orchestra, features her stirring thematic collaborations with world-renowned composer, Inon Zur for the game Dragon Age: Origins!
Aubrey and Capcom together, are nominated for the 2009 GANG award for Best Original Vocal-Pop for the song "Out Of Darkness". The winners will be announced at this year's Game Developers Conference. Stay tuned!
Listen to Aubrey's vocals and lyrics on the title track "Out of Darkness", from the recent release of DEVIL MAY CRY 4, the game! Aubrey was honored to attend the Japanese premier in Tokyo, as she's seen in this photo next to composer Tetsuya Shibata! Watch the YouTube video.
Aubrey emulates Judy

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.56159
Retrieved Text: I have had the last 2 days off and I think I have enjoyed them so much. Aubrey is just such a little girl...not even a baby anymore.When did she grow up? Where did my little crawling girl go? My little wobbly walker. My little girl. I can't believe it. She is talking in "sentences" When did this happen? We went to a MOPS meeting today and I told her we were going to church. She said Aubo go to church. (that's what she calls herself) On our drive to church we pass 2 billboards, one of a $5 subway , and the other of a watch - She knows what order we see these and associates them with going to church. We have barely pulled out of the driveway and she says "Aubo's 5 (that's what we call the Subway sign) Aubo's watch" She just amazes more and more everyday! She is a little talker. She will just sit and play and just talk away! Today we walked to get the mail and I sneezed and she said "bless you mommy" in her little voice.
One more week left @ work. I have finally decided not to say that I will be unemployed but I will become a full time mom. A stay a home mom until I find something that will work out for my family's situation. Conrad started full time this week at Carmax YAY!! God has really watched out for us and I know the He will continue to provide for us. God

########
Rank: 11
Score: 47.80073
Retrieved Text: If you like Dracula or other classic vampire stories, you have to read this. It's the original vampire, and it is creepy and atmospheric. A must-read for fans of classic horror.
I was very fortunate to stumble upon this book due to Amazon's recommendations. Although, a short read, the novel does not leave you without an anticipatory hunger for what is to happen next.
The foundation runs along the same lines as Dracula, with the lurid and ominously surreptitious vampire, whom reveals his true self to only one person; which in turn drives this person into madness.
The conclusion left me with the chills. I enjoyed it very much!
It is a classic. It is in the style of the XIX century literature, very well written and not so long so you can read it almost in one stand and enjoy it a lot.
I probably should have checked this item out more carefully.
I expected a book, for the price, but instead received a pamphlet.
Not only was it embarassingly small, but 1/2 of it was redundant explanations of the history and origins of the story.
A young man Aubrey is coming of age and tags along with Lord Ruthven, his friend and mentor, across Europe. Aubrey is enamored with Lord Ruthven sophisticated ways until his guardians point out that Lord Ruthven is depraved. Now he sees Ruthven in a new light an disides to strike out on his own.
While in Greece he is informed of vampires. Not really believing in them he realizes that their description matches Lord Ruthven.
He is in for

########
Rank: 12
Score: 47.69905
Retrieved Text: Fall 2006 alumna, Hanna Koch recently launched a new business venture called Philanshopit, an online storefront committed to selling products from partners who “have a clear social impact statement in their mission.” This socially responsible idea was initially thought up by Hanna's co-founder, Aubrey Cox, during their time at College of Charleston. After graduation, Aubrey pursued a career in international development, knowing that one day she would eventually bring the idea of Philanshopit to life. Aubrey shared her vision with Hanna a few months ago and it took off from there. With Hanna's background in communications and Aubrey's in business, it was a perfect match.
The two joined forces to create a business plan and bring to fruition what is now Philanshopit. The site launched only 3 months later in November and they have new sustainable and philanthropic partners joining Philanshopit everyday. Hanna attributes The Island School to helping cultivate her interest in environmental issues and international development that led to this project. You can read more about their story here. If you are looking to knock some friends or family off your Christmas shopping list, Philanshopit is a great place to start.
Congratulations, Hanna on the launch and good luck in the future!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 47.250572
Retrieved Text: This page provides guidance for anyone who is thinking about moving to Aubrey and wants to make an objective assessment of what living in Aubrey in 2019 is like. Aubrey livability factors are presented along with descriptions, pictures and maps of moderately priced Aubrey homes that currently are for sale. At the bottom of this page are links to authoritative sources that provide additional general information about living in Aubrey.
Click this best places to live in Dallas link for complete rankings, metrics and analysis methodology.
Aubrey has experienced the fifteenth fastest population growth rate in the Dallas Fort Worth area over the past five years. It also has the sixth lowest overall crime rate of all Dallas suburbs. Some of the ways Aubrey is different from and similar to other Dallas area cities and towns are shown on these best Dallas suburbs and about Dallas suburbs pages.
Aubrey is located in northeast Denton County, approximately 49 miles north of downtown Dallas and 53 miles northeast of downtown Fort Worth. As the DFW metroplex continues to grow and becomes more densely populated, Aubrey's proximity to the Legacy and north Dallas business centers and DFW International Airport is likely to make Aubrey residential real estate even more desirable than it is now for people who need to commute frequently to and from these areas.
School age children who reside in Aubrey are eligible to either Denton ISD or Aubrey ISD schools ... more information about how student performance at the schools attended by Aubrey students compares with other DFW area schools

########
Rank: 14
Score: 47.18192
Retrieved Text: We’ve adored Anna Camp ever since she first captured our hearts as Aubrey, the co-leader of the a capella group the Barden Bellas and the antagonist to Anna Kendrick’s main character Beca, in Pitch Perfect and its sequel.
We’ve also adored her romance with her Pitch Perfect co-star Skylar Astin ever since they revealed their relationship back in 2013. We were so happy to hear that the two lovebirds got engaged back in January – and we especially loved the fact that Astin got an engagement ring of his own, as a symbol of his commitment to marry his lady. The two were married this past weekend, on September 10th, in an outdoor ceremony on the central California coast that basically doubled as a fab Pitch Perfect reunion.
Now, giddy newlywed Anna Camp is sharing detailed photos of her stunning gown via her Instagram account. And let me just say it again in case you missed that first one: her dress is STUNNING.
Here are the newlyweds walking down the aisle as man and wife, fittingly looking like a scene out of a movie.
And here are three closer shots of the lovely dress, as shared by Camp.
"Sometimes you gotta get your dress fluffed," joked Camp in one caption. Fluffed or not, the classic design of the gown is gorgeous and perfectly complements Camp on her big day. She looks, dare I say, aca-mazing.
According to Camp’s captions on the Insta posts, her dress is from designer Reem Acra. She could not stop gushing and thanking Reem Acra for her dress,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 47.094337
Retrieved Text: Aubrey captures the integrity of real moments. She loves to seclude her subject as the focal point of all ordinary moments. She listens and watches as her subjects maneuver through their every day lives, or surreal moments like the birth of a child, capturing the emotions in it all.
Aubrey lives just north of Tampa. She moved there 13 years ago from Alaska to marry her Husband. After many years of infertility, they made an incredible little lady through In Vitro Fertilization and a host of amazing doctors. This little girl lights up their world and is the inspiration of Aubrey's photography and writing. Aubrey has ran a Massage Therapy business for the last 11 years where she is certified in many modalities including Prenatal Massage. This was the start of her love of birth photography. In her spare time, she is spending time with her family, camping, hiking, traveling and CrossFit.
Nicole and her husband pulled up to the birth center that early morning around 7AM. I knew I had to start capturing moments right away. I watched as Nicole reached over and held the steering wheel with her left hand during surges and the door handle with her right. Her belly was hard but her face was soft and relaxed as the waves or labor came and went. The Midwife had not yet arrived, so she labored diligently in her car. When Mom's voice changed to a deeper more soulful groan, I knew it was time to stop taking pictures and switch to video. I'm so

########
Rank: 16
Score: 47.050663
Retrieved Text: Capt. Paco Balderrama says police are still investigating the crash, but added that he was traveling at a "high rate of speed," well over the posted speed limit.
"It is with deep sadness that AELP confirms that earlier today, its founder, Aubrey K. McClendon died in a car accident on Midwest Boulevard in Oklahoma City. Aubrey's tremendous leadership, vision, and passion for the energy industry had an impact on the community, the country, and the world. We are tremendously proud of his legacy and will continue to work hard to live up to the unmatched standards he set for excellence and integrity. We will deeply mourn his loss and please join us in expressing our condolences to his family," a statement from American Energy Partners read.
"Chesapeake is deeply saddened by the news that we have heard today and our thoughts and prayers are with the McClendon family during this difficult time," a statement from Chesapeake Energy read.
"I've known Aubrey McClendon for nearly 25 years. He was a major player in leading the stunning energy renaissance in America. He was charismatic and a true American entrepreneur. No individual is without flaws, but his impact on American energy will be long-lasting," a statement from T. Boone Pickens read.
"First and foremost, our thoughts and prayers are with Aubrey's family. We will always appreciate and remember Aubrey's generosity and civic pride in our community- from his support of countless local charities to the Oklahoma City Thunder to the Boy's and Girl's Club of OKC. to the arts. His philanthropic investments in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 46.966103
Retrieved Text: Edelyn Aubrey - a female celebrity - born on Saturday January 7th 1978, in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada,.
Edelyn Aubrey holds great compassion and seeks to be of service to others. She is a healer, and capable of giving comfort to those in need - she will frequently offer a shoulder for others to cry on. But actually, Edelyn's mission in life is to develop the tools that allow her to be truly helpful to others rather than just a sympathetic ear. Edelyn Aubrey must find the balance between help and interference, and the delicate art of the counselor who knows when to leave the struggle to others and when to avoid taking away the necessary experiences and lessons of life.
It is in Aubrey's nature to take on responsibility, to fill the void left by others, and to not turn away from personal sacrifice, albeit at times, she may feel overburdened by the travails of others. However, the love others bestow upon her is her well deserved reward.
Edelyn seeks marriage and is often a wonderful parent, offering warmth, protection, and understanding to children. However, she must be careful not to choose partners for the wrong reasons, and to not let sentimentality influence her decision, especially those involving the choice of a spouse. Edelyn Aubrey needs to be needed, but must learn to discriminate between those she can help and others who are made weaker by her care. After all, it is in Edelyn's nature to be attracted to the weaker brothers and sisters among us. The temptation

########
Rank: 18
Score: 46.75009
Retrieved Text: HOW MUCH DO WE LOVE AUBREY HYDE'S GORGEOUS HAND-DYED, ONE OF A KIND WORK?
Enough to convince her to create some one of a kind creations just for us. Plus, the only thing better than one of a kind jewelry is having an equally unique bag to travel, pack and store your accessories in.
Aubrey hand dyes all of her textiles in her studio in East Nashville on 100% organic cotton duck.
Each pattern is unique and is created without the use of silkscreens or digital printers.
Combined with a 100% buttery-soft suede, these fully lined bags are one of a kind in every way.
Each zipper pouch has been adorned with a unique crystal rhinestone piece and suede tassel.
The rhinestone pieces originated from a necklace c.1940s. Judy Garland, anyone?
Be sure to check out more of Aubrey's beautiful home textiles and accessories on her website.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 46.72509
Retrieved Text: To claim this profile, please confirm you are Aubrey Nill.
To follow this profile, please let us know your relationship to Aubrey Nill.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the win vs. Cedar Creek Christian.
RESULTWin Varsity softball vs. CCCHS.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team won Tuesday's home non-conference game against Cedar Creek Christian (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 17-4.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the loss @ Bolles.
RESULTLoss Varsity softball @ Bolles.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team lost Thursday's away non-conference game against Bolles (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 13-3.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the win vs. First Coast Christian.
RESULTWin Varsity softball vs. FCCHS.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team won Tuesday's home non-conference game against First Coast Christian (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 20-3.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the win vs. Seacoast Christian Academy.
RESULTWin Varsity softball vs. SCA.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team won Monday's home conference game against Seacoast Christian Academy (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 16-1.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the win @ St. Joseph Academy.
RESULTWin Varsity softball @ St. Joseph Academy.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team won Thursday's away non-conference game against St. Joseph Academy (St. Augustine, FL) by a score of 19-4.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the loss vs. Duval Charter.
RESULTLoss Varsity softball vs. Duval Charter.
The Christ's Church Academy varsity softball team lost Thursday's home non-conference game against Duval Charter (Jacksonville, FL) by a score of 11-1.
Aubrey's softball stats have been updated for the loss

########
Rank: 20
Score: 46.25741
Retrieved Text: A force of evil surrounds him.
"NO!" Skylar yelled sitting up in his bed. "Another bloody dream" He thought to himself. Well these had actually been nightmares, but not those fictional nightmares normal people had, no, these were events that actually happened. Skylar's mother dying at childbirth. Then every once in awhile Skylar would have a dream about what seemed to be the future a guy in a cloak, this guy seemed like he was evil like looking at death itself, this guy, looked like Skylar. Skylar wasn't certain though he never thought of himsell killing people like the guy in the dream did.
Skylar got out of bed threw on a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt and headed out of the dorms. Right as he reached the door Sky stopped, turned around, and went to grab his cloak then headed back outside to the Slytherin Common Room. There he grab a couple of cookies off the table and headed out of the Common Room.
Sneaking his was past a couple of professors, Skylar finally, made it to the Great Hall and then went outside. He took a breath in of the fresh air of the night. He looked up at the sky, no stars, it was rather cloudy and was suggesting rain. Earlier that day, it had poured like none other, then stopped about dinner time.
Skylar headed towards the lake and his normal sitting place, an oddly shaped rock that was right on the opposite side of the lake. Once there, Skylar climbed up on

########
Rank: 21
Score: 46.246494
Retrieved Text: Aubrey is that versatile maxi dress every woman needs in her closet. The faux wrap at the waist gives the dress definition while three-quarter inch dolman sleeves add subtle flair. For a touch of sexiness, a sheer floral print is layered over a short skirt. Dress Aubrey up with a pair of heels to go out at night, or dress her down with a pair of sandals for a casual weekend lunch. Aubrey's versatility also makes it an easy and stylish vacation dress.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 46.23969
Retrieved Text: Today brings news that the Criminal Justice Agency (CJA) has selected Aubrey Fox to be their new executive director. CJA has a long, rich tradition of reducing the unnecessary use of pretrial detention in New York City. I have written in the past about the special debt that I feel to the agency so I won't rehash that here. What I'm not sure I've written about before is the debt that I feel to Aubrey.
Aubrey worked at the Center for Court Innovation for many years and in many capacities. Among other things, he helped to plan and launch Bronx Community Solutions and the Centre for Justice Innovation, our UK-based sister agency. As with all of the best people that I have worked with over the years, it is difficult to distill Aubrey's impact down to items on a resume. In particular, his intellectual curiosity, his sense of adventure, and his capacity for mirth had a big influence on the trajectory of the Center. Certainly they had a big influence on me.
I can't count the number of essays, op-eds, grant proposals, reports and other written products that I have co-authored with Aubrey. This includes working together on Trial & Error in Criminal Justice Reform: Learning from Failure, a book about how difficult it is to make change happen in the real world. Collaboration can be hard work -- it is not easy to produce joint written product. But working with Aubrey was a day at the beach -- he always brought humor and insight and flexibility and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 46.066097
Retrieved Text: Blessed among the Mess: The Big FOUR!
My sweet Skylar is four today. Not to be cliche, but when birthdays roll around, I always feel like time is moving too fast for me. This past year she moved from being a toddler into a precious little girl. Here's a look back on the last four years.
She also climbs on everything and jumps off of anything (but I somehow manage to NOT take pictures of that!). She is a fantastic sister! She is incredibly bright and creative. She's pretty fearless when it comes to trying something new (including food). She is my little sunshine and snuggler and I can't imagine our family without her. She is quite a spunky monkey and we love her so much!!
Happy Birthday our sweet girl!!
Fantastic post - Happy Birthday Skylar! Love all of the pictures and Emily has that shirt from the swing picture and I adore it!
I'm about to cry!! Happy birthday Skylar...must show Camper this post. ;o) Did our gift arrive yet? that last is my favorite...oh those blue, blue eyes!
Adorable! Happy Birthday Skylar :) Fun that I got to see her in the hospital when she was born!!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 45.770218
Retrieved Text: 10 years ago, Skylar’s dad left her without explanation, and whenever she tried asking her mum for the answer, she wouldn’t tell her. Now 18 years old Skylar all grown up and ready to go to college. But before starting her first semester, Skylar went away to her cousin’s house, Kayla, for a summer holiday. While on her way there, she was stopped by a gorgeous cop for a random check and was immediately attracted to him but didn’t do anything about it, except noted on his name – Doug.
Kayla’s mum owned a restaurant, and due to short of staff, Skylar offered to help, and that’s when she saw the cop again. However, he didn’t acknowledge her, and he was also using a different name – Mason. Skylar was confused, and when Nick, Mason’s brother invited Kayla and her to a beach party, she agreed, she thought it would be a great chance to find out more, but what she didn’t realise that it was the beginning of her dangerous discovery.
Mason was surprised that Skylar remembered him despite having her memory wiped. He was intrigued by it and also felt something was special about her, so he kept a close eye on her. It was lucky that he did because Skylar was almost drowned on the beach. Besides noticing that Skylar was able to see the Vultures, Mason also was curious about how she managed to kill his Demigod brother. While discovering the truth, protecting and being so close to her, Mason’s wall surrounding his heart

########
Rank: 25
Score: 45.332634
Retrieved Text: I guess this is still going to run it's course, with Dawn Richards recently laying into member Aubrey O'Day during a recent radio interview.
"Honestly, real talk, she cool, I don't like it when people go in like that and try to pit us against each other" said Richards "Me and her [Aubrey] used to be mad cool, real talk, but this is the reality, I think we're all different personalities and you have to be a certain type of person to wanna deal with that, because if you like drama then that's your person you hang with, but I don't like drama so we didn't click long enough to hang."
Dawn then continued her rant, stating that she felt Aubrey lost the group money by cancelling shows.
"My thing is I like to be part of a business, if you're a part of a brand [then] I like to keep the brand good, ya feel me? I felt like I had other mouths to feed so I would never mess up Shannon's mouth, Aubrey's mouth, D Wood's mouth, and when you start messin' up my money and my home then I have a problem, that was my issue with Aubrey."
"It had nothing to do with her personality, who she is, she's a talented girl, but when you're missin' shows and fans are paying for you and you're the star of the group, I knew it and I was cool with it I was riding the ticket you know, but when you're the star and you don't show up

########
Rank: 26
Score: 45.249336
Retrieved Text: A portrait of Skylar Neese, a bubbly 16-year-old from West Virginia.
Skylar Neese was a 16-year-old honor student with a bright future. She loved to read, had an active social life and, like most teens, was all about posting her thoughts on social media. Sklar also never missed a day of work at her part-time job at a local Wendy’s. But on July 6, 2012, Skylar snuck out of her bedroom window to meet up with her two best friends Shelia Eddy and Rachel Shoaf.
When Skylar snuck out of her room on that July night, she had gone to meet her two best friends, Shelia Eddy and Rachel Shoaf. The three attended University High School school together just north of Morgantown. Skylar had known Eddy since she was eight years old and Eddy had met Shoaf their freshman year.
The trio were inseparable and Skylar allegedly served as an emotional rock for the other two girls, as both Eddy and Shoaf came from parents of divorce. Skylar was an only child and her parents wanted everything for her. They nurtured her intelligence and encouraged her to be her own person.
Shoaf, on the other hand, was the opposite of Eddy. Though she was well-liked and enjoyed being in school plays, she came from a strict Catholic family and idolized Eddy for her somewhat wild and free attitude.
Skylar Neese, right, beside Rachel Shoaf, middle, and Shelia Eddy on the left.
While Shoaf and Neese enjoyed the freedom that Eddy represented, that particular dynamic would spell trouble for Neese.
Another tweet from that

########
Rank: 27
Score: 45.193203
Retrieved Text: December 10, 2008, 2:28 p.m.
How do you remove your eye makeup at night? While some environmentalists swear by olive oil -- or even the soap-and-water-only method -- many eco-beauty mavens want a less crunchy solution. So I put two greener eye makeup removers -- both of which got a "low hazard" score of 2 on the Skin Deep cosmetic safety database -- to the test.
First up: Aubrey Organics Herbessence Makeup Remover. While Aubrey's a very health and environmentally counscious company, I unfortunately find that many of Aubrey's products don't work for me. This makeup remover was no exception, because it felt exactly like rubbing pure oil on my eyelids — which made me think I may as well use olive oil and save myself some money.
My second choice -- Earth Science Eye Make-Up Remover -- fared a lot better. This fragrance-free, paraben-free product is a clear gel that’s non-greasy and does its job quite well.
I’m fairly happy with Earth Science, but it seems there are quite a few eye makeup removers on the market that score a 0 ranking on Skin Deep, making them even safer than my current product! I’m now curious about trying those, though I’d rather not run into another bad Aubrey-like experience.
Got an eco eye makeup remover to recommend? Share your reviews in the comments!
Two greener eye makeup removers are put to the test.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 44.973606
Retrieved Text: Get your first aid kit handy: Aubrey and Dawn Richard got in a scuffle.
The Danity Kane claws are out.
Aubrey O'Day filed a battery report with police after reportedly getting into an altercation with fellow member Dawn Richard at an L.A. recording studio on Monday.
According to TMZ, the two girls got physical after a disagreement, which resulted in Dawn allegedly striking Aubrey in the head with a closed fist.
DK's third member, Shannon Bex was also present during the fight and did her best to break it up, but the cops were called.
MTV News confirmed with the LAPD that the battery "report was taken" and that Aubrey, "was identified as a victim." Police could not provide any other details since it is an open investigation.
None of the girls have publicly commented about the altercation, but Aubrey did post this suspicious tweet on Tuesday.
Danity Kane reunited without member D. Woods last year at the 2013 Video Music Awards after splitting in 2009. In May, shortly after the girl band released their first single, "Lemonade," fourth member Aundrea Fimbres left the group to start a family.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 44.963284
Retrieved Text: Summer-Glau.com Forum » Filmography » Other movies/shows » Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish and let Zoe be used by Red Flag?
At the end of Alphas season 2 episode 6 'Alphaville', Skylar escapes with her daughter Zoe and is later approached by Stanton Parish himself. He offers Skylar "to help make the world a better place" by providing "an environment that child like Zoe and Skylar herself can shrive in".
Will she join him and let her daughter's power become a tool of Red Flag? Take the poll!
It's hard to say. The situation is complex.
Frankly, I think Skylar just wants to be left alone to raise Zoe without interference but with the support of a community.
She lost that community in 2x06 and she has no reason to trust Parish after his lackey's destroyed it.
Given her issues with Rosen, I doubt she'd turn to him or his group.
I would say she would probably strike out on her own again, but we already know she's returning for two more episodes so that doesn't seem likely.
So like I said, it's complex. I'll wait and see where the series takes us to find out.
Oh yeah! I hope she zaps Parish. I really hate assholes who go about acting all gentrified when in truth all they want is power and destruction.
You make good points Russell.
We know that, as hard she'd like to avoid all this, she'll be involved in the latest episodes.
She turned

================



======= Instance Index 25406 =========
Input Text: Context: Taylor thought it was time for the toddler to stop going in his diaper, so he potty trained him.

Question: How would Taylor feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: felt like a failure

B: felt better

C: a good father

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 67.631096
Retrieved Text: Around 18 months, we decide we should start prepping Ryan for potty training. We buy a potty training potty, and a toilet insert so he can sit on the toilet if he wants, without falling in. All the books, articles, and speaking to friends, tell me some kids like to have their feet on the floor, and some like to sit on the toilet. We start “talking up” potty training. I become almost OCD, asking Ryan if he wants to sit on the potty, every hour. He never wants to. I try harder. I switch him to cloth diapers, so he will start getting used to having a wet feeling, assuming this will all move him in the direction of wanting to use the potty himself.
At 24 months, I feel like a complete failure, because Ryan is still not potty trained. More advice from friends and the doctor tell me usually boys aren’t fully potty trained until three or four. I can’t see myself changing diapers for another year, especially since I had Cole on the way in four months. I decide to keep him undressed from the waist down during the days we were at home, in his Baby Legs, assuming this will move him in the direction of wanting to use the potty himself. Cleaned up more pee on the living room floor during this time than I ever thought possible. Watched movies about Elmo, and Joshua (Once Upon A Potty), going to the potty so many times, I lost brain cells. How bad

########
Rank: 1
Score: 60.45178
Retrieved Text: One Saturday I was changing a poopy diaper and I decided that I wasn’t going to do it anymore. I told Maximus he was going to wear underwear and he said no. I went and made lunch and he followed me around the house asking for a diaper. After 20 minutes, he got tired of asking and brought me a pair of underwear. And that’s how our second and finally potty training adventure started. It was a little too spontaneous, but it worked for us. I didn’t think about naptime being just around the corner or how Bryan and I were going to be at a charity event that night and he was going to be with my in-laws for the evening. But, we quickly made the rule of only wearing diapers when he sleeps and he did really well with my in-laws.
In hindsight, I should have talked to him on Sunday evening and told him he was going to wear underwear to daycare too. Since I wasn’t sure when we put him to bed, I didn’t say anything. Monday and Tuesday mornings were a little difficult. He cried and wanted to wear a diaper. As with any other toddler fit, we somehow convinced him (or Bryan may have PUT them on).
In the past three weeks he’s had a handful of accidents. One in the car on the way home from daycare. A few at daycare and a couple at home. For whatever reason, he’s being a little stubborn at daycare. I’m not sure that he’s

########
Rank: 2
Score: 60.060818
Retrieved Text: A few weeks ago, I decided that it was time to let my son pick out a potty seat. We choose to get a potty seat that easily fits on the regular toilet, so that I wouldn’t have to retrain him to use the big potty once he had potty training down. Besides that the daycare he attends also uses a potty seat similar to the one that I bought for him. I wanted to try keep things consistent since he will begin potty training at daycare soon.
Disclosure: This post is for informational purposes only and is based upon my own experience my with my toddler.
I took him to the store with me and allowed him to choose the potty seat design that he wanted. I showed him a cars and sesame street potty seat which had Elmo on it. He choose the Sesame Street potty seat.
My son isn’t quite two and was starting to show the signs that he is ready to potty train. He was walking around the house and saying “I poop”. He would tell me that each time his diaper was soiled, which meant that he was becoming aware of the fact that he was soiling his diaper. He has also been waking up from nap time and there has been quite a few mornings that he has woken up with a dry diaper. This let me know that the muscles in his bladder are getting strong enough to hold his urine until his bladder was fuller. I try to let him

########
Rank: 3
Score: 57.642075
Retrieved Text: What’s so “hybrid” about them? This new innovative pair of training pants uses either disposable inserts or cloth inserts. It can instantly switch identities from a potty trainer to a much needed diaper. And with its adjustable front, it can fit a two year old or his four year-old sibling.
This dynamic two-tone piece of goodness has changeable inserts that fit in a wonderfully waterproof shell, so now you can just replace the inserts, not the undies! This allows reusability.
This creative solution solves the issue of a potty training of a toddler going through seven to 10 changes, just for peeing a little bit while running for the potty.
While one insert gives you potty training absorbency, two inserts instantly transform these Hybrid Undies into a versatile diaper. Flipping between potty-training readiness, and the world of “not so sure?” The Super Undies Hybrid Undies are your answer. Gentle enough to potty-train any toddler, but super enough to fully relieve you of the burden of disposable diapers, even through nap time. Super Undies was founded by a mother in need of a solution. Her potty-trained toddler was so proud of his newfound skill that he refused to go back into diapers, but he still had many accidents. She needed a reliable pair of waterproof underwear to “trick” her kid into thinking it wasn’t a “diaper” while still getting the protection she needed for her couch and car.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 55.446102
Retrieved Text: This post is Part 2 of My Bloggy Discussion of Diaper-Free Before 3 .
A few days ago, my 16-month-old pooped in her diaper. Normally she poops on the potty. We changed her diaper immediately, but a day later, her bottom was still flaming red. Although some children may have heartier skin, I'm quite convinced that humans were not meant to be in contact with their feces at all, and certainly not to sit in it for an extended length of time. Although sometimes I get tired of taking my toddler regularly to the potty, these accidents are good reminders of why I do it. We didn't begin potty training with my first child until after 2, and he constantly had horrible blistery diaper rashes from being in contact with his poop for even a few minutes.
Recently I picked up Diaper-Free Before 3 at the library. It was an interesting and informative read and reinforced my desire to practice early potty training. The book advocates a positive, early start to toilet training (ideally between 6-12 months), so that your child can be out of diapers and finished with potty training as early as his or her 2nd birthday. Lekovic argues that early potty training is more effective, healthier, cheaper, realistic and a happier process for you and your child.
The sooner you begin potty training, the sooner you finish.
Kids learn their natural signals faster.
Some children never show an independent interest in training.
Children gain confidence that enriches other areas of development (child no longer perceives herself as a baby).
Decreased

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.2302
Retrieved Text: I have potty trained my two children and have supported the potty training of hundreds of other toddlers through my career. Through my personal and professional experiences, I have learned that every child is different. All toddlers learn new skills differently. This is why as parents and caregivers, we have to be extra patient and have many strategies in our “tool box” available to use when potty training our toddlers.
When introducing new skills, consistency is the key to success. Do not give up. Listen responsibly to your toddler as you both approach this new milestone. Remember never to scream, force your child, or punish your toddler if he or she has an accident during potty training. Again, be patient. You can do this! Your toddler’s actions will tell you if he or she is ready for potty training. If your toddler is taking off his or her wet or soiled diaper, begins to be bothered by a dirty diaper and demands to be changed, or refuses to wear a diaper, then it might be a good idea to start potty training.
Here are five tips that will help you through this journey.
Be A Role Model. Take your toddler with you to the restroom. Show him or her that this is a natural and normal thing everyone does. Explain in simple terms what you are doing. Be patient and calm when doing this. Do not make this a stressful time.
Make the Restroom Accessible. Have the restroom door open all of the time. Locate the potty chair in an

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.02896
Retrieved Text: I wanted to do a follow up post regarding potty training, that we started with our six month old.
Seven months in, and this 13 month old is completely rocking it.
He’s gone pee and poop on his mini-potty since day two. I’ve tried to be as consistent as I can be, putting him on the potty at any sign of needing to go, and when he wakes up and before bed.
Fast forward to today, he’s graduated to the big boy potty (with potty seat) and he “tells” me when he has to go.
I stood in the hallway closet, he walks past me, into the bathroom, grabs his potty seat with both hands, turns around and walks into the hallway with his seat. He walked right up to me, holding it, just looking up at me.
I asked him if he had to go potty, and he turned around and walked back to the bathroom. I checked his diaper…DRY! I put him on the potty, he motioned towards his books (since that’s his routine) and as soon as we started to read his “Big Red Barn” book (makes him go every time) he pooped and then peed!
My boy is so smart. He knows when he’s gotta go!
Sometimes he wakes up from a 12 hour night with a dry diaper. So we quickly put him on the potty, where he proceeds to go like normal.
We call it normal because it’s surprising when he doesn’t go, even though, based on the reactions I get from moms with kids of the same

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.402252
Retrieved Text: When should I potty-train my child?
My son is almost two years old. When would be the right time to potty-train him, and how do I do it?
The right time would depend on both you and your toddler. Toilet training requires discipline and consistency on the part of the parents, so don’t start until you can devote the time and energy necessary to encourage your child on a daily basis for at least three months.
Your child is ready when he or she can signal that the diaper is wet or soiled, or when your child is able to say that he or she would like to go to the potty. This usually occurs when a child is 18 to 24 months of age. However, it is not uncommon for a child to still be in diapers at two and a half to three years of age.
To prepare your youngster, allow him to be present when you go to the bathroom and help him to feel comfortable there. Allow him to see urine and bowel movements in the toilet. Let your child play with flushing the toilet.
Buy a potty chair for him, and place it in his normal playing area so that he will become comfortable with it. Tell him that the potty chair is his own chair. Allow him to play with the chair and sit on it fully clothed, as if it were a regular chair. Allow him to leave the potty chair at any time. Do not force him to spend time sitting on the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 53.40077
Retrieved Text: NathanRising » He peed! In the potty!
Nathan peed in his potty for the first time yesterday!!
See, we’ve been “going to the potty” for a couple of months now, but it’s been slow. At first, he would only sit on his potty fully clothed. Then I coaxed him into sitting on it clad only in his diaper. It’s only recently that he’s begrudgingly allowed me to remove the diaper while he sits on the potty. Even then, I apparently have horrible timing. I’d have him sit on his potty while I read a book to him, but he would never go. There was one time that I pulled his pants up without a diaper so we could wash his hands before I put a fresh diaper on him, and he peed in his pants. Ten seconds after I got him off his potty. Figures. Anyway, we’ve not been having much luck with the process.
But yesterday when he woke up from his nap, his diaper was completely dry. I quickly ushered him into the bathroom to sit on his potty. After about 2-3 minutes… TA DA! HE PEED!
I was so excited that as soon as he was done, I jumped up and down and did a little dance, shouting “Hooray! Hooray!” Paul came to the bathroom to see what all the commotion was about. When I told him about Nathan’s accomplishment, he praised Nathan for being a big boy. After I got Nathan’s diaper back on, Paul scooped him up and did a little dance, swinging him in

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.972603
Retrieved Text: Hi...Boy I love the potty threads! Many good ideas. I have a question.....sorry to hijack the thread but it does have to do with potty training. I'm feeblly trying to train my son. He's 3 and a few months. I just put him in underwear and see what happens. Sometimes he wants to go potty when I ask sometimes he says no potty. He's a stubborn little man so if he says no there's no taking him! I made a little chart for him and he gets a star and 3 m&m's every time he goes. I think though sometimes he's making himself go pee just so he can get his sticker and m&m's. Is that ok?
Heck, yeah! Even if he is "making himself go", he is getting used to using the neccesary muscles, and that's a good thing, if you ask me. I would rather have one that tried to go too often than one who doesn't try often enough!
Is what ok? The bribery? Heck yeah! Bribery is a mom's best friend! I also happen to believe that it's equivalent to positive reinforcement...a reward for doing what's expected. So it's definitely ok.
If you are wondering if "making himself go" is ok...yup that's fine too...less accidents that way and more m&m's a win, win for him and you!
Perhaps it's time to start talking about the Diaper Fairy.
The Diaper Fairy is a very important creature to those children who want to be Big Kids. She KNOWS everything that happens with the potty, and sometimes she leaves the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 52.84061
Retrieved Text: What's The Best Age To Start Potty Training A Toddler?
All Communities > January 2008 Babies > What's the best age to start potty training a toddler?
I started training with my daughter at 22 months. She was showing an interest in using the potty and was staying dry for a couple hours at a time. She was also telling me when she had peed in her diaper. By her second birthday was completely trained...getting to the potty on her own, getting her pants down on her own, & trying to wipe herself. She still needs help with wiping & getting the pants back up, though.
I also have 2 older boys, but didn't start training them until 27 months. Probably could have started earlier with them though, because they both trained easily in about 2 weeks.
I got a potty for my little one at 13 months old just so he could get used to it then a week before he turned two my hubby had time off work so we worked on it then he did really well but we have days where he is super and other where we don't get one on there but he wont keep a nappy on not even at night and he has been dry at night and for naps for over a month, he comes to me in the morning and always does a big wee.. he likes the stickers but I don't think he sees them as a rewards he goes when he wants to and when he doesn't want

########
Rank: 11
Score: 52.629284
Retrieved Text: One of the challenging things of being a parent of a toddler is to potty train your kid at the right time and having the patience through the process. Some toddlers are ready as young as 10 months, but some at 18 months and others even at 36 months. Hopefully this article will help potty train your kid in an easier and fun way.
While each child is different, most children ready to begin potty training between the ages of two and two and a half years old. Some toddlers are ready to start potty training as young as 18 months. However, some children may not be ready until he/she is three years old. You should choose a potty chair once your toddler has shown that he is ready to begin toilet training. You can have him decorate it with stickers and sit on it with his clothes on to watch TV, etc. to help him get used to it. Whenever your child shows signs of needing to urinate or have a bowel movement you should ask him if he wants to use the potty or take him to the chair and explain to him what you want him to do.
Toddlers who are ready for training exhibit certain signs of readiness. These signs of readiness indicate the maturity and interest required for success. Look for signs that show your toddler is ready for this important step, and when you toddler is ready, you're sure to recognize the following clues.
A toddler requesting a diaper change is well aware

########
Rank: 12
Score: 52.462803
Retrieved Text: Shop talk: Which toddler product has been surprisingly helpful?
Moms overcame their initial skepticism after seeing how useful these products are. Benefit from their "Been there, done that" wisdom. Join the conversation: Which toddler product has turned out to be a real lifesaver?
A faucet cover for the tub, so my son doesn't hit his head on the faucet. (Ours is a fireman duck.) He moves around so much during bath time!
The bath cup that's curved and has a flexible side to shape to my little girl's forehead. She lies back on my arm, and I can pour water over her hair without getting a drop of water in her eyes. I buy one for every baby shower gift. Lifesaver! No water in the eyes = no bath time tears.
I use a princess rolling backpack as my daughter's diaper bag, and she loves to roll it around herself. She does all the heavy lifting of the diapering supplies – and she loves it!
The bibs that wipe clean and have a pocket at the bottom. It's so much easier for my son to pick up the food that he drops when it's sitting right in his bib, and it makes for much less mess on the floor.
We received a portable placemat at my shower. I thought we'd use once or twice, but it turns out, we use it whenever we eat away from home. Instead of constantly fighting our daughter about upending a plate or eating food that's fallen onto a not-so-clean table, we roll out the mat, stick

########
Rank: 13
Score: 52.3947
Retrieved Text: I thought potty training was going to be a great topic for me to blog about. It’s such a milestone and so many people are keen to share hints and tips that I thought I could take my learnings and inspire some other people! Unfortunately I don’t feel like this now as there hasn’t really been any real ‘training’. I thought I’d write about our experience though- maybe it will inspire me when it’s time for Arlo to ditch the nappies!!!
So we have been thinking that Woody was ready to be potty trained since before he turned 2. He has always been very aware of when he is going to the toilet and as a baby hated a wet nappy. However, with both of us working full time and it being winter we put it off. We did buy a potty though and he would always have a wee in it before his bath, so he knew what to do. We then had Arlo and the thought of potty training was put to the back of our minds. We had made the move from nappies to pampers pants during the day, to try and encourage him to use the potty when he felt the urge, but this didn’t happen!
Woody gets bad eczema, and at the end of May this has gotten especially bad, especially on his tummy and back where the top of his nappy sat. The weather was really warm which I don’t think was helping it, so on the bank holiday weekend, I spontaneously

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.58201
Retrieved Text: I’ve been in potty training purgatory for a very long time. If you’re unfamiliar with this state of being, be glad.
Ronin is 4 years and 2 months old and potty training has always been a major anxiety inducer for both of us.
In his 3rd year he finally started going pee on the little potty very inconsistently and only when almost forced to sit down.
This is not a way I like to parent. Forcing my child to pee. I want potty training to be his accomplishment. But of course I realize encouragement is necessary. So I tried a day of underwear at home. Which led to ALL of his underwear dirty and a screaming panicky child who did NOT want to be naked.
Again, a way I do not want to parent. I didn’t want pottying to become an anxiety issue. So I reluctantly went back to the pull ups.
As he approached his 4th birthday, we gave him the big boy talk. Big boys go on the potty, not in pull ups, yada yada. I’m not exactly sure at what point, but he finally lost his fear of sitting on the big potty and began peeing there too. Yay!
We bribed, we cajoled, we encouraged, we praised. He still went in his pull ups.
But he also began going on the potty more often, slowly slowly more often. Even outside of the house at friends or public pottys on rare occasions. But still more often than not, in the pull up.
Changing diapers for 4 years and 2 months for me

########
Rank: 15
Score: 49.211132
Retrieved Text: Maybe you guys can give me some help. I have a son who will be 3 in August. We have been potty training for awhile and he does really well with #1 but we have an issue with #2. He won't wear underpants because he wont do #2 on the toilet. I have been trying like heck to figure out why. Well come to find out through bribing him. He has a very strong gag reflex and smells seriously affect him. He tried #2 on the potty this morning and immediately started gagging almost vomited. Now he wont go back on the potty because he says it makes him sick. Any ideas how I can handle this? I know if I could deal with the smell and gag issues then he would be potty trained I just don't know what to do. I know this is kinda nasty to discuss on here but I am stumped and so tired of pull ups and diapers. TIA!
How about a little squirt bottle with some rose water for him to spray when he goes potty?? It won't hurt anything and you can get a rather large bottle for fairly cheap and just put it in a bottle with water! Maybe that will distract him enough to do his business!
I know the pull-ups and diapers get old (and expensive) but try not to stress. We have 4 boys and all of them (except the 3yr old we are working on right now) potty trained fully at 3 1/2. We tried

########
Rank: 16
Score: 49.062233
Retrieved Text: I thought I’d take a few minutes to share our potty training routine because it worked so well for us.
It all started when my son was around 18 months old. I ordered a potty and got the ball rolling.
The first step was introducing the potty. We placed it next to our big potty in the bathroom. The very first day we had him sit on it and demonstrated what to do on it. We returned to the potty several times that day and everyday after that. He remained in diapers at all times, but we kept going to the potty to familiarize him with it. After about a week, we decided to go full blown, cold turkey, potty training.
We brought the potty everywhere we went in the house. That wasn’t hard in a small apartment. We’d spend most of our time in the living room, playing, so the potty sat right next to us on the living room floor. At that point we took the diaper off and let our son run around the house naked all day, only putting a diaper on at night to sleep. That might not work for every situation. I didn’t mind having a naked toddler running around and I didn’t mind cleaning up the accidental pee spots on our hardwood floors. We tried our best to stay home that first week, but when we did make the trip out, I’d lug around the potty in the car. Still, my son would be diaper less. The key was to have him

########
Rank: 17
Score: 49.014267
Retrieved Text: We love to hear from our customers! Read the following Potty Time success stories. Or submit your own potty training success story! We want to know how Potty Time works for your family.
I am a big fan of Potty Time! I wasn’t sure how to go about potty training my child, I had heard lots and lots of methods and ways. This DVD was perfect! The songs are simple and catchy and my daughter sings them and shows me the signs. She loves watching all of the kids sign “stop” and “go” and she mimics them when she has to go potty. And of course she loves to celebrate and dance afterward just like they do on the show. After a week of watching a lot of Potty Time and getting adjusted to going on the potty she was potty trained!
So, prior to the arrival of Potty Time, Julian (nearly 4) would not sit on the potty. In fact, he’d scream every time you brought it near him, and no amount of coaxing, bribing, candy or cookies would change that. The first night we put the DVD in, we had his sister (6) sit on a toddler potty next to him, and he immediately sat down, signing “Signing Time Potty?” The first night he sat for a full 20 minutes, without complaint, eyes glued to the screen. Within a week, he was signing for underwear, and asking if he could wear them, and pulling them off and on. When he did eventually pee in the underwear,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.589638
Retrieved Text: Its a messy business & usually it takes about 2 weeks of wet patches on the floor lol but then it just clicks & they seem to get it. Just encourage them with rewards charts, praise & most importantly DO NOT STRESS as they pick that up & they get anxious & fear the potty. If you are out & about, take several changes of clothes with you & a bag to put the wet clothes into (also a towel for the car seat incase of accidents there). I always found training pants/pull ups do not help as it is just a nappy you can pull up & down & if they have the option to pee in them rather than go to the potty they will. If after two weeks and things are not improving it may just be your child isn't ready yet, so try it in a week or so again. My health visitor told me the reason children are later in being potty trainned now a days is because nappies are so much better & the children don't feel they are wet, so not to get worried when parents tell you "you were potty trainned at 18 months" as we were in terry towelled nappies & it was wet & uncomfortable so we wanted out of them! Good luck with the potty training!
I also had a hard time getting my son to potty train. I put the potty chair in the living room. And I reward him for going on the potty.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 48.43724
Retrieved Text: The Glamorous Life of a Housewife: Potty Time.
Well, folks. We have embarked on the overwhelming journey of Potty Training.
Levi has shown signs for a while that he is ready to go in the potty, but I have been waiting on a few things before we jumped in full-force. It's funny that it doesn't matter how ready for something a child seems and how you, as his mother, have a greater intuition about it. A gut feeling. I just didn't feel that it was time until now, and I am happy we didn't push him.
That, or I was totally in denial and pretended he was a newborn.
Levi will be 26 months old in a couple of days, and guys, he's .... a big boy. There. I said it.
The other day, I got an overwhelming excitement for potty training! (And, um, a gift card burning a hole in my handbag.) So, I ran out to our new children's store in town and loaded up on gear. He's had his little potty for awhile, but he needed some little extras. Ya know, potty goodies.
I went all DIY on myself and jazzed up the boring little bulletin board that we bought for his charts.
Bumble Bees! This fabric was some I had from back in my apron-making days and it turned out to be perfect because as we sit and wait for the tee-tee to come out, we count the bees!
And the best thing about the whole thing?
I go overboard on making things cutesy. But hey, it brings me joy. Happy,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 48.362656
Retrieved Text: Worried because your stubborn 4 year old won’t poop on potty and is holding it instead? Discover the 6 likely reasons, and what you can do about it.
There’s something about having an older toddler who still isn’t completely potty trained. The reassurances that your 4 year old will “do it when he’s ready” are starting to get old. And you start to worry that he’s the only one who still needs a diaper to poop.
Maybe your 4 year old even knows to pee in the potty, but even until now, refuses to do the same with poop. Or perhaps he did poop in the potty in the past, but for one reason or another, is now stubborn about not using it.
He holds his bowel movements to the point where the poop gets large and hurts when he finally does go. Except that only makes him want it hold it even more the next time, because he now associates pooping with pain.
Or maybe he knows he has to poop, even tells you “it’s coming!” But when you sit him on the toilet, he refuses to go. What does he do instead? He poops in his undies and pants right after you get him off the toilet—and doesn’t seem to care.
Perhaps he’s holding his poops for naps and bedtime, where he knows he’ll be wearing a pull up. Hiding the pull ups only backfired when he simply held his poop even more.
And if you’re subjected to the “potty train before preschool” requirement, all this pressure only makes the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 48.182293
Retrieved Text: Is it possible that your cuddly, adorable newborn has grown into a baby or toddler who is ready to be toilet trained? Are you wondering what the signs might be that your child is ready to begin this new stage in his development? Are you confused by all the "advice" you get from friends and relatives about when to begin to toilet train; how to begin toilet training and what to look for to check if your baby or toddler is ready?
There are several behaviors your child should exhibit which are indicators when to begin potty training. It is important that your child is able to express himself enough to communicate to you that he needs to either pee or poo before he actually does those things. He should also express some interest or curiosity in this new skill.
Does he ever want to sit on the toilet "like Mommy and Daddy"? Or does he have his own potty chair which he likes to sit on? Does he express discomfort when he has either a dirty or wet diaper and asks to be changed? Does he ever wake up dry from his naps? Wake up dry in the morning? If your child seems to exhibit all or most of these behaviors, it is probably time to begin toilet training.
How to begin? You already have, by assessing your child's readiness! Acquiring a potty seat or attachment seat for the toilet which allows the child to firmly press his feet down is the next step. Allow your child to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 48.09942
Retrieved Text: August was a major milestone month in our household – potty training boot camp for my little guy. With his preschool starting right after Labor Day, it was now or never. So I stocked the house with a new potty chair, lots of paper towels, and the all-important Pull-Ups® Cool & Learn® Training Pants for those moments when I just couldn’t clean up one more accident on the living room carpet. We toughed it out, and I’m happy to declare him trained!
All of this naturally meant a few week hold on my family’s usual travels. Like most parents with potty training toddler, I was a bit afraid to leave the house for the first few weeks with my son for fear he’d have an accident at an inopportune moment.
Slowly but surely our first 30 minute excursions to the grocery store turned into bigger outings – like a trip to see sister in a performance and a night out at the circus. By Labor Day weekend, we were ready for a real trip. So my family packed up the car and headed out on a three day road trip to the Northern California redwoods. Since we hopped to a new hotel every night, packing the right daypack for my newly potty trained son to have on hand for the day’s activities was essential.
Potty trained toddler exploring the California redwoods in the Avenue of the Giants.
Whether you’re traveling or just near home on an adventurous family day outing, you’ve got to get the potty training packing done right.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 48.06349
Retrieved Text: I’ve had this new DCB for a little over a month. He is 3 in a couple of months, & He is & was fully potty trained when I got him. Over the last 2-3 weeks, mom & dad have been telling me that he doesn’t use the toilet to go poop anymore & has been purposely going in his pants & he has not gone in the toilet for a few weeks now. He never had an accident like that here until today.
When I noticed it, it looked like he had been sitting in it for a while because he was playing as he usually does & did not seem uncomfortable AT ALL or gave any clues that he had pooped himself. It’s like he was ok with sitting in his own poop. I also didn’t think to check him like I usually do often with my 2 diapered DCK because he’s already potty trained. A few weeks ago mom also told me that one time at home he made a comment how he “like to poop in my diaper”. I’m wondering if seeing his 2 daycare friends still being in diapers is making him realize he can just go in his pants & not have to go to the toilet. For some reason it’s only poops that he has been doing in his pants, not pee. He uses the washroom regularly to pee but won’t poop in the toilet anymore.
Besides this, he has been his usual self. In fact, he loves coming here so

########
Rank: 24
Score: 47.969303
Retrieved Text: Our babies can't keep using diapers forever, now, can they? But the thing is, how do we do it? As parents, we get really eager for the day that our little ones would stop using diapers. It's a milestone for our children when they finally know how to go pee or poop. It's a celebratory moment when the need for diapers is gone for good.
However, potty training is not something every parent is ready for. Sometimes, when our kids are ready for potty training, we aren't and that's where the problem lies. The average age potty training boys and girls start at age 2. That's when they can already feel the urge to pee and that is when they can begin to feel and control their pee. Some children can already start as early as one year old or as late as four or five. So, at what age do you start potty training? How to potty train a stubborn boy or girl? We are going to talk about everything that has to do with potty training.
When should we start to potty train baby?
The right age in teaching your little one how to be potty trained varies. There is a wide age range because some children learn as early as 18 months old and some can even be potty trained by age three or even as late as age five. There are too many factors for consideration. But in reality, a toddler can already feel that they have a full bladder by their first birthday or

########
Rank: 25
Score: 47.860226
Retrieved Text: Im due with my 2nd child in July and my 1st born (son) turns 3 in June. God willing there's no issues they'll be exactly 3yrs and 1 month apart. Im terrified it will be alot to handle. Did I mention we're still in the process of potty training my current 2yo?
Lord of mercy on my life!
Same boat here. This baby is due on my DDs 3rd birthday, like literally the same day Haha. So far she seems excited about it. I take her with me to all of my appointments and ultrasounds and she talks about her baby brother often.
And we are nowhere near potty trained!
We are in the throws of potty training too and it’s not going so well. I need it done before baby is here.
It won’t be too bad. I had mine 20 months apart and honestly it was a adjustment but not nearly as bad as the first cause you know what you like and not as paranoid. It gets a lot harder once your second is a toddler. My LOs is 1.5 and 3.... it’s very crazy and I’m thinking what in the world are we doing bringing a third one in with feeling like we are just hanging on. Hope your lo adjust well and helps out a lot! They might... just be prepared for extra cuddles and one on one with toddler as well as set backs in potty training because it’s a big deal and if they aren’t potty trained completely ( during the day atlest) they

########
Rank: 26
Score: 47.520893
Retrieved Text: I am a mom and a birth doula, born and raised in San Diego. I discovered EC when my daughter was 5 months old, not knowing if it would work and what to expect. I soon realized that EC is an amazing way to connect with my daughter and to make my life easier, too! I've been helping other parents start their own EC and EC-informed potty learning journeys ever since. I offer labor support and natural parenting education through my company, Mama Magic Birth Services (www.mamamagicbirth.com). When I am not chasing my toddler or at a birth, I can be seen performing around town as a professional singer.
Serving San Diego County and the surrounding areas.
I first heard about EC shortly after I had my daughter, but I didn't understand the point. I thought that babies who are EC'd never wear diapers, and it didn't make any sense. When I learned that most parents do EC part time, it clicked for me and I was excited to try it out with her. This was right when she was starting solids, so I was over poopy diapers ;-) Once she had her first "catch," I was sold!
I love that I get to help parents become less reliant on diapers. They are expensive (and labor intensive, if you do cloth) and can be a real financial burden, not to mention the waste. Even if you use one less diaper a day because of EC, that adds up over time! I also love that it helps toddlers make the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 47.41687
Retrieved Text: Potty training is something every parent must go through. But is potty training your child with a toddler speech delay even more difficult? Know that potty training a child with a speech delay may happen a little later than kids without a speech delay. Children who are learning to use the potty, whether it be the toilet or their own potty, are also learning the words associated with having to go to the bathroom. If your child has a toddler speech delay, he might not be able to speak the words to you to let you know he has to go, or that he has had an accident.
Despite not having the words to express himself, he will still let you know in his own way. He will give you non-verbal cues, so pay attention to him! This is actually a learning opportunity for everyone involved. You as his parent will get to see how best your child learns, as you are going to be focusing on positives rather than his mistakes. Check out these tips for potty training while also dealing with a toddler speech delay.
Potty schedule: Have a schedule for your child to use the bathroom. After meals and drinks, take him to the bathroom after 45 minutes. Speak to him slowly. Stay in the bathroom with him, and stay for a few minutes to allow him to go. He may not. So bring him back in a few minutes.
Praise: Be very positive! Accidents are going to happen, and this is not due to your

########
Rank: 28
Score: 47.358154
Retrieved Text: Our Sweet Love Story: Yes, our kid is a genius!
So potty training is still going exceptionally well. How long does it take before you can officially say your kid is fully potty trained? He has been wearing big boy pants every day for going on two weeks with little to no accidents every day! Today, at school, he even took on the role of potty trainer as he instructed a classmate on the potty training techniques.
When a fellow classmate had an accident in his pants, Evan told him: "You need to pee pee in the potty not in your pants. You need some new ones." Then, he proceeded to open the diaper cabinet, found the kid's name (yes, he reads his name and the other students' in his class correctly, mind you!), and pulled out a pull up for the kid.
he's so smart like his momma!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 47.317062
Retrieved Text: Home Parenting	Is it time to potty train already?
Is it time to potty train already?
Earlier this summer we went to visit my parents, and they have a pool in their backyard. I told Annie that there was one rule for the pool – you can’t pee in it. I was being funny, but she actually understood me and followed my directions. Every once in a while, she would say “out, out” and I would put her on the edge of the pool. She would then bend over and begin to pee – you could see it run out of her swim diaper. It was the funniest thing.
So I just got back from a week’s vacation at the beach with my entire family, and during this visit, Annie continued to get out and pee on the side of the pool. My entire family was in hysterics and my oldest sister, who has four kids announced to me that Annie is definitely ready to be potty trained. I have always looked to my sister for parenting advice since she has been through almost everything, and most things four times. And I shouldn’t be surprised that Annie is ready since she is 23 months – but I think it just snuck up on me. I remember Zoe being interested in the potty at the same time, but I didn’t encourage it which put the training off six more months.
So now that I am back from vacation, and I thought I would do some research to confirm my sister’s recommendation. I

================



======= Instance Index 5368 =========
Input Text: Context: Carson wanted to play catch with Kai. But Kai left Carson alone because Kai had to babysit Kai's brothers.

Question: What will Carson want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: find a baby who likes to play catch with them

B: available to them

C: apologise to Carson

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 67.37723
Retrieved Text: "You said something before, when we first met," I said.
"You said you'd been the new guy once. What did you mean?"
"I moved to Decker on my thirteenth birthday. New town, new school, new friends." He shrugged as if it wasn’t a big deal.
"Oh, come on." I nudged him. "Star hockey player, you couldn't have struggled to fit in that much."
Kai ran a hand through is hair. "I was in a bad place back then."
Something about the bitterness in Kai's voice silenced my reply. Instead, I said, "What's a girl got to do to get a drink around here?"
Kai laughed, a deep rumble vibrating from his chest. "This way, milady." He stood and offered his hand.
We collected orders from the rest of the group and made our way to the kitchen.
"What'll it be?" he asked from the refrigerator.
"Why do I get the feeling you don't live life in the fast lane?" His head disappeared behind the door.
"Are you calling me boring?"
He reappeared. "I like it. I can't explain it, Daiya, but I feel like I've known you longer than a couple of weeks. Is that crazy?"
Kai closed the door and placed down a couple of cans of soda. His eyes burned through me as he stalked forward, and I stepped back, my back hitting the counter that ran the length of the room.
"Kai, I …" My eyes shuttered, the flames building. I clutched the amethyst teardrop through my hoodie, and Kai's eyes dropped to my chest. When they met mine again, they were swirling with lust.
I swallowed

########
Rank: 1
Score: 66.23853
Retrieved Text: THE SECRET NEW BEEF PROTEIN TECHNOLOGY USED BY KAI GREENE TO PACK ON MUSCLE AND WIN THE 2009 ARNOLD CLASSIC!
Kai Greene has been working closely with MuscleMeds researches as a test subject on some experimental formulas prior to making them available to the public. When evaluating Kai's protein intake, MuscleMeds researchers noticed Kai was making far better muscle gains when eating beef than when using whey or casein supplements. At one point, Kai was eating 6 to 9lbs of beef a day and making great gains, but the high consumption of beef was causing stomach distress and also elevating Kai's fat intake and cholesterol beyond where the MuscleMeds research team wanted it. This prompted the development of CARNIVOR, all beef protein isolate, which Kai used to pack on muscle and capture the Arnold Classic Crown.
Using extraction, clarification, hydrolysis and isolation technologies CARNIVOR's Bioengineered Beef Protein Isolate delivers the muscle building power of beef with higher amino acid levels than many other protein sources used in supplements including: whey, soy, milk and egg. CARNIVOR Beef Protein Isolate is even 350% more concentrated in anabolic muscle building aminos than a prime sirloin steak! And it has no fat or cholesterol!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 66.19147
Retrieved Text: VISTA, Calif. -- A man has pleaded guilty to stealing his ex-wife’s service dog from her Vista home in 2014, bringing a controversial custody battle to a close.
Pablo Cortez, a Marine, pled guilty Tuesday in San Diego County Superior Court to a single count of misdemeanor petty theft. Both sides agreed to drop two previous felony charges. Cortez was sentenced to five days of community service and $1,500 restitution payment to his ex-wife Alexandra Melnick.
Kai, a German shepherd, went missing from Melnick’s Vista home around Thanksgiving 2014.
Melnick, also a Marine who served in Afghanistan, launched a massive search for Kai, claiming he was a registered service dog that helped her cope with post-traumatic stress disorder. Melnick created a "Bring Kai Home" Facebook page, went on TV and handed out thousands of fliers with Kai's picture, hoping for his return.
Kai was found nine months later in Texas with Melnick’s ex-father-in-law. Melnick claimed she had no idea during that time that Kai was in Texas.
However, Cortez’s attorney said the couple paid $700 for the German shepherd and shared a document written by the couple's former landlord stating he gave them permission to move the puppy in.
"It was a bad divorce," Cortez’s attorney Alex Ozols told 10News back in February. "It was a divorce that went wrong. She wanted custody of this dog. He had the dog and she would do anything she could to get the dog back, which means also not telling people about the background of the dog."
Melnick, however, countered that although she and Cortez were

########
Rank: 3
Score: 65.4649
Retrieved Text: Sophie: "Are Kona and Ehime going to take an afternoon walk with a human friend, Kai? How nice♪"
Leo: "Please stay cool. I heard it's going up to 90F in the afternoon."
Mommy: "OK, everyone. Say, cheese♪"
Kona: "Do you remember me, Kai? It's Kona."
Kai: "@^*$#&*@ (I'm still sleepy....)"
Mommy: "Time for a bribe. This dry apple was just completed this morning,"
Kai: "$^*$@^!@#$%^*&% (Mommy, I want to do 'that'.)"
Kai's mommy: "What? Do you want to do 'that'?"
Kai's mommy: "Mmmm, OK. If you want to..."
Goldens :"One, two, one two."
Kai: "%^*@$&*@!%#!!! (Yahoo! I'm Superman!!!)"
Kai's mommy: "I didn't know Superman needed help this much..."
Kai's mommy: "Superman, hold it tight, OK?"
Mommy: "You look awesome with the sunglasses, Kai! Thank you so much for walking with us today♪"
Kai's mommy: "Same for us. It was fun♪"
Ehime: "Thank you for walking with us, Mr. Superman♪"
Kahlua: "Let me show your flying next time, too."
For Ehime who wants to say "It's a Bird. It's a Plane. It's Superwoman!" someday, please click the puppy photo on the right above or a dog picture below. Thank you!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 65.408325
Retrieved Text: There are few drinking vessels with the mystique of The Mai-Kai’s famous Mystery Bowl. The iconic communal cocktail popularized at the Fort Lauderdale Polynesian palace has been celebrated for a half-century by everyone from Johnny Carson to today’s Tiki revivalists.
Sure, there’s nothing like the unique experience of enjoying this giant drink with friends in the The Mai-Kai’s hallowed bar and dining rooms. At the sound of a gong, the distinctive bowl is delivered by a sarong-clad Mystery Girl, who does a traditional Polynesian dance and rewards the lucky recipient with a lei. The drink itself remains a mystery, a giant 50-something-ounce concoction of fruit juices, rum, and other liquors.
But true Mai-Kai nerds long for an authentic Mystery Bowl of their own. The older version made by Dynasty and the current version made by Tiki Farm occasionally pop up on eBay for more than $100. And they also appear in The Mai-Kai gift shop from time to time (see photo above), typically priced just below the century mark.
But beyond the price and availability of the authentic bowl is the issue of its practicality. Even the most hearty tropical drink enthusiast would be reluctant to use this puppy as a day-to-day Tiki mug. You’ve got to be pretty thirsty, or have a nearby gang of like-minded imbibers, to regularly take advantage of this big guy.
Into this void enters the very practical and nearly-as-authentic Mini Mai-Kai Mystery Bowl from Swank Pad Productions. It’s 6 inches wide, 3 inches tall and clocks in at 12 fluid ounces, plenty big enough

########
Rank: 5
Score: 64.96085
Retrieved Text: There is a guy you know. We'll call him Kai. And Kai has, perhaps on accident, become a bit of a thorn in your side. He's bested you in the last two half marathons. He's dating the girl you've been crushing on. He even seems to have landed the job you applied for. Ugh...Kai! Why must you always be so good at everything?!
But recently, you learned a little something about Kai that really takes the edge off. It seems that Kai is a huge Mortal Kombat fan. And to you—aka the biggest Mortal Kombat fan—that is an in to find some common ground. Maybe Kai isn't so bad after all. There's one way to find out: give him this Mortal Kombat Shao Kahn Action Figure as a peace offering and see how he reacts!
Turns out, Kai was pretty stoked to receive this officially licensed replica of Shao Kahn! Not only is it totally awesome, detailed, and comes with cool accessories like a warlord helmet, interchangeable head sculpts, a wrath hammer, and throne, but it's also one of the most coveted figures missing from Kai's collection.
Soon, you and Kai will be discussing collectibles over beers at the local pub. Because, as it turns out, you both are huge collectors! Now, doesn't it feel nice to turn that frenemy into a real friendship? Happy to help.
Standard - $149.99 Only 1 left!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 64.48852
Retrieved Text: Kai's Manga and Scanlations - Read Kai's Manga and Meet Kai Online for Free!
I'm Kai. I do a little bit of everything from anime subtitle prep to manga lettering. I'm in my last semester in college and will hopefully someday be able to integrate my passion of anime and the like into a potential career. :) I hope you like my work, both on and off MangaReborn!
I'm also an avid anime merch collector, too! Everything from dakimakura's, figures, plush toys, manga... I can't get enough of the stuff!
Kai released STAGE;1 with English lettering!
Kai released Dear Friend with English lettering!
Kai released Wishing Meat with English lettering!
Kai released Wrapping with English lettering!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 63.76969
Retrieved Text: On September 13, EXO's Kai gifted fans with a treat in the form of a sick new dance clip via his Instagram, in light of EXO's impending comeback.
In the video, Kai is dressed in a loose-fitted suit and cap, sitting in what seems to be a vintage, mini-bar set. His dance moves that follow bring tears to fans' eyes, so much that Kai's famous nickname 'Kai is a god' has made a comeback on various online platforms and SNS as of September 13.
Netizens commented, "The minute I saw the video, I thought of this: Kai is a god", "Stanning Kai makes life worthwhile and living worthwhile... Kai is a god", "Kai is a god and Jongin is the best", "Please don't let there be anyone out there who hasn't seen this video", "Why is this free, you need to make people pay to watch this sh*t", and more!
If you haven't seen it already, watch Kai's latest Instagram dance clip below!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 62.98407
Retrieved Text: This is Book 2 of the Soul Series. You MUST listen to Book 1, My Soul to Keep, first.
I couldn't wait to start this book after finishing My Soul to Keep. I NEEDED to know what became of Rhyson and Kai. Down to My Soul is not a stand alone and should be read after book 1 in the series.
At the end of My Soul to Keep Rhyson had a lot to apologize for. His controlling behavior drove a huge wedge between him and Kai and resulted in their separation. I honestly didn't think he could redeem himself. Boy, was I wrong! This book showed a more open and vulnerable Rhyson (along with his alpha side) and I loved it! He truly showed Kai and everyone else how devoted he was to her and their relationship. At times it was borderline obsession, but was totally in line with his personality and character. Unfortunately, I had the opposite reaction to Kai in this book. I respected and really liked her in My Soul to Keep, but this time she came across as whiny, immature, and selfish. I understand that she was terrified of Rhyson's reaction to the big secret, but knowingly deceiving him (especially after the HELL she put him through after his mistake) really made me lose a lot of respect for her. I still love them as a couple, but Rhyson is definitely my favorite of the pair.
Kai Kennicott and Wen Ross were amazing again in this duet narration and both really shined with their

########
Rank: 9
Score: 62.095448
Retrieved Text: The Wilderness Society is wonderful. I wish everyone cherished their backyard like Kai Hagan does.
Kai Hagan's childhood wilderness inspiration -- the Catoctin Mountains -- fuels his passion championing local environmental causes. Find out where the paved road ends and Kai's wilderness begins. Watch now.
Kai Hagan was an urban DC city kid who relished childhood outings to his grandparents cabin in the Catoctin Mountains nearby. His adventures then are what fuel his passion for protecting local wild places now.
A former county commissioner, Kai has taken his childhood epiphanies about the importance of wild places and translated them into his life's work advocating against urban sprawl and connecting local communities to the wilderness in their own backyards.
Kai is one of the faces of my wilderness, a national public awareness campaign, which is aimed at reconnecting all Americans with the wild places they love so that they come together to protect them.
Find out where the paved road ends and Kai's wilderness begins. Watch this short feature now.
Thank you for being a part of this important movement of wilderness enthusiasts.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 62.040985
Retrieved Text: Kai has been driving me crazy this fall. He can't wait to go for his walk every day and I suffer the consequences if we don't go first thing in the morning.
But I don't really mind because it makes him happy, even if he does get into a bit of trouble, such as running off across the field.
Sunday morning was bright and cool, the colors probably as good as they'll get this year.
... Kai immediately hightailed it across the field (that little blob right in front of the shed in the grass is him, naughty boy) so he could sniff.
I learned that it does no good to chase him, so I holler and walk off, which I did Sunday. However, I hid just behind a copse of trees to catch him as he came flying after me, since the idea of being left behind doesn't sit well with him.
We got past the little copse and he headed out into the field again to do his business before he came flying along. It was a very windy day, by the way.
Then we made our way along the usual route, past the old mill and headed toward the first woodlot. That speck in the road in the shadows is Kai, slowing down because he could hear chainsaws ahead. I also was dawdling.
The trees are not quite as vibrant as last year's, but some are still lovely, especially against the blue sky that was so sharp Sunday morning. This one was as I stood in the first woodlot.
When you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 61.882046
Retrieved Text: This article needs to be updated with material from Era Report: 3052, Handbook: House Liao, The Longest Road, Era Report: 3145, Technical Readout: 3145 Capellan Confederation, Historical: Wars of the Republic Era and Operational Turning Points: Capellan Crusades. Once this title clears the Moratorium period, or if it already has, please consider revisiting this article and updating it with the new material, removing this tag once all information has been added.
Kai Allard-Liao (born 3030 – died 3113, aged 83 years) was the eldest child of Justin Allard and Candace Liao. As such, he stood to become the ruler of the St. Ives Compact, but his accession never came to pass because the Compact was forcibly reintegrated into the Capellan Confederation in 3063. He was the Solaris Grand Champion for two years during the middle 3050s, prompting many observers to declare him the best MechWarrior of his generation.
Kai grew up in a fiercely competitive family, his father having once been Solaris Champion himself and his mother was also an accomplished MechWarrior. He attended the New Avalon Military Academy, where he met Victor Steiner-Davion during an exchange program. The two there formed the basis of a firm friendship, rare among nobility from neighboring nations. Before graduating from NAMA in 3049, Kai became the first cadet to score a draw against the incredibly difficult "La Mancha" simulator program. His tactics served as the basis that Victor used to become the first cadet to defeat the scenario while he was at the Nagelring. During his time at the academy, Kai's

########
Rank: 12
Score: 61.866444
Retrieved Text: Team Rider Kai Tandler takes 4th place in the recent NIB Pro Junior. Kai had a stellar run to Finals posting and average points total of 15.00 throughout the event. Kai's board of choice was his 6'0 x 19 x 2 7/16 - 27.5L Holy Toledo.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 61.783123
Retrieved Text: You’re reading novel Chaotic Sword God Chapter 1852 online at LightNovelFree.com. Please use the follow button to get notification about the latest chapter next time when you visit LightNovelFree.com. Use F11 button to read novel in full-screen(PC only). Drop by anytime you want to read free – fast – latest novel. It’s great if you could leave a comment, share your opinion about the new chapters, new novel with others on the internet. We’ll do our best to bring you the finest, latest novel everyday. Enjoy!
Since they were under Xuan Dou's care, Jian Chen no longer had to worry about them. Immediately, Jian Chen became fearless.
Jian Chen began to walk, gradually approaching the estate of the Yang family. At the same time, he emitted a surging presence. With each step, his presence grew stronger and stronger. It was enough to shock the world around him. In the end, it became something akin to a huge sword that had landed on the buildings, possessing great might.
The protective formations of the Yang family appeared, engulfing the entire clan. However, at this moment, the powerful defensive formation that was enough to stop the attacks of OverG.o.ds actually began to tremble slightly under Jian Chen's tremendous presence.
Although the formation was only trembling gently, being nowhere close to shattering, it was only Jian Chen's presence that had made all of this happen.
Just his presence alone had shaken up the formations of the Yang family. This was more than enough to demonstrate Jian Chen's strength.
Xuan Dou, who protected Xi Yu and Mo

########
Rank: 14
Score: 61.33835
Retrieved Text: Couldn't ask for a better rental experience. Kai is top notch - he knows his stuff and took excellent care of the gear. Happy to rent to anytime.
Quick, easy rental! Was a pleasure dealing with Kai.
Always great to rent to Kai.
Excellent renter, handle the equipment very good as always.
Treats gear like his own. Highly recommended!
Kai's an excellent renter. Rent with confidence!
Great Renter. Thank you for using us and hope to see you again soon.
Very attentive and communicative. Thanks!
Kai was on time and handled everything perfectly.
Solid Communication. No Issues. Would rent to again!
Everything worked great with Kai, the equipment came back in great condition, will definitely do business with him again.
Join KitSplit to see Kai M's full profile—it's free!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 61.22262
Retrieved Text: Koen is excited to have his best bud home for the summer. These two are so close and always want to be together.
Yesterday, Kai had his graduation from kindergarten. They sang some songs and had a slideshow and got their certificates.
We loved Kai's teacher this year and are so thankful that he had such a positive experience at school. Admittedly, his top 3 experiences in school this year were not classroom related but he still loves school and is now reading so well. He doesn't sound out words, he just reads. It's crazy to me. His top three experiences at school?
Miss Nya was trying to sleep but here's me with all the kids. I know this isn't about me, but man, I look like a mess:) Oh well, that's life when you've got to get a toddler and newborn to the school on your own!
`Can you believe I passed?!' ha. Can I tell you about his report card? Let's just say it couldn't have been any better on all the criteria and comments.
Gary's parents came to the graduation. They like that sort of thing. My dad does not and I do understand that.
Kai Bear with his best friend, Jonas. Jonas is going to another school next year. Kai wanted Koen in the picture too:) Koen had just enjoyed a cookie in case you can't tell.
We have been so happy with our experience at SCS and are so thankful that our Kai Bear loves it too.
Your kids are just way too cute. Seriously.
It is such a blessing

########
Rank: 16
Score: 61.166637
Retrieved Text: RK San Francisco celebrates the 72nd anniversary of Rissho Kosei-kai's founding.
Rissho Kosei-kai San Francisco Celebrates RK's 72nd Anniversary!
On March 5, 1938, Rissho Kosei-kai was founded in Tokyo.
Rissho Kosei-kai of San Francisco celebrated the 72nd anniversary of the founding of Risshio Kosei-kai on Sunday, March 7, 2010.
Nearly 100 people shared the joy and reminisced about the founding sprit of Rissho Kosei-kai.
Rev. Nagamoto, Minister of the RK San Francisco church, gave a Dharma Talk on Boddhisattva way which Rissho Kosei-kai keep as a basic practice.
New dawn in Pacifica where the Rissho Kosei-kai of San Francisco is located.
The church will be expanding to San Mateo. A new center is under preparation for its opening to the public where Sutra Study Sessions, Meditation, and Dharma Circles will be held. Coming soon!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 60.94347
Retrieved Text: Home › Valentine's Day Shop › Kai Perfume Oil 1/8 oz.
Kai Perfume Oil 1/8 oz.
Beauty lies in the simplest and purest of things. Kai brings this idea to life by using exotic fragrance and natural essences in our light and intoxicating scent. Kai captures the irresistible fragrance of the tropics in a full line of perfume oil and body products. Breathe in the beauty of kai, and experience today's most sought-after fragrance. Kai's Signature item.
Made with hints of gardenia and cucumber essential oils, this intoxicating perfume oil fragrance comes in a convenient and easy to use roll-on vial.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 60.397415
Retrieved Text: Kai never met Mama. But based on her own abilities, and those who call her kin, she knows Mama wasn't human. Kai finds things. In post-Katrina New Orleans, everyone's lost something, though most can't afford to pay. Kai's latest client, a siren, hires Kai to find her sister. Sirens need both men and water, and can call them. The kidnapped sister is being held on dry ground...while another storm brews off the coast of New Orleans.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 60.282658
Retrieved Text: 15-40 tells the true story of tennis player Kai Hansen. An unflinching competitor, Kai Hansen is well on his way to winning a spot at the European championships in Sweden. Under a comfortable Nazi occupation, Kai's world is limited to the court and to the many luxuries that his status affords him. In order for Kai to realize his dream of participating in the European Championships in Sweden, he has to defeat aging tennis great, Erik Bjarnson. But when it is discovered that Erik, might in fact be a Jew, and that a massive deportation of Danish Jews is planned by the Nazis, Kai has to decide whether to risk it all or for his countrymen or remain veiled in a life of pride and privilege.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 59.849556
Retrieved Text: Kai, the train station dog is going home! The shar-pei mix was left at the Ayr Railway Station in Scotland in early January, after an Internet sale gone wrong. When his potential new guardian, Fin Rayer, didn’t think Kai looked like what she expected, she abandoned him in the station with a suitcase of items.
Thankfully, the Scottish SPCA was called in and immediately took Kai into their care. With a U.K. law in place saying that those who abandon an animal can no longer keep pets, the race was on to catch who had left Kai alone. A couple of days after the incident, Rayer came out telling her side of the abandonment story. Based on her sad recount of what happened, we’re glad Kai didn’t have to go home with Rayer.
Instead, he gets to go home with an awesome new dad! Ian Russell, a self-employed hydraulic engineer who lost his beloved Dalmatian in December, has been chosen to take the handsome shar-pei home.
After hearing Kai’s story, Russell called the Scottish SPCA to see if there was any way he could help. Little did he know that he would be the lucky guy taking Kai home a few weeks later.
It sounds like Kai really did get his happily ever after. Kai and his new dad sound like the perfect match and they got to go home together yesterday. It is about time that Kai is a loving and forever home!
Fin Rayer, you piece of garbage.
You, sir are a piece of garbage.
Thank you for adopting this beautiful

########
Rank: 21
Score: 59.763485
Retrieved Text: Kai joined JK Edwards & Company in 2002. As a Senior Tax Advisor, she is responsible for individual and business income tax preparation and account resolution. Kai also specializes in assisting with business entity classification and start-ups.
Kai earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Georgia State University. She is certified as an Enrolled Agent (EA), and is eligible to represent taxpayers, and practice on their behalf, before the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Kai is also a member of the National Association of Tax Preparers (NATP).
In her free time, Kai enjoys spending quality time with her family. She is a nutritional research enthusiast. She is also passionate about fundraising for CCFA (Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America) and heightening the awareness of Crohn's Disease and Ulcerative Colitis. Kai's interests also include music, reading, sewing, traveling, basketball, football, and tennis.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 59.372402
Retrieved Text: Last week the Twitterverse was buzzing with mentions of the “Save Kai” campaign by top Hollywood celebs. In addition to continued support from Mermaid Linden, Kai was cited by Twilight star Peter Facinelli, TV host and personality Danny Boome, and celebrity chef Evette Rios. Tweets calling attention to the digital fundraising campaign boosted Kai’s popularity as the unconventional star of an ‘eco-reality show’ and further raised awareness of Project Kaisei’s efforts to tackle the Plastic Vortex.
Is Shock and Awe Effective in Cause Marketing?
We're excited to share an op-ed piece about Project Kaisei's "Save Kai" campaign that appeared in AdAge's Good Works Blog. The article addresses the question: Is Shock and Awe Effective in Cause Marketing? Drawing on examples of various cause-related campaigns consumers have encountered in recent years, the article makes a strong case for why campaigns must address both the "wow" AND the "why" elements to trully be effective.
Read more about Is Shock and Awe Effective in Cause Marketing?
Project Kaisei's bold digital fundraiser, "Save Kai" is highlighted on influencial marketing blog Adrants.com.
For the past two weeks a Goldfish named Kai has been living on Facebook in an aquarium-sized garbage patch filled with plastic bottles, caps and toothbrushes. Filmed 24/7 Kai brings a massive global issue right to our computer screens.
Every donation removes plastic from Kai's future home and raises money for Project Kaisei's third ocean cleanup expedition, set for this summer. For more information about Project Kaisei's work click here.
Can One Goldfish Inspire Action Against Plastic Pollution?
“Save Kai” and world's oceans from plastic pollution. Every

########
Rank: 23
Score: 59.372375
Retrieved Text: Hair & Eyes: Somewhat unruly black hair combed casually to the side. His eyes are chestnut brown.
Mask & Hollow Hole: The remains of Kai's mask consist of four small black horns that sprout just above his ears and swoop backwards along his hair, as well as a white piece of bone that forms a sort of headgear that completely covers his forehead and extends up and to the sides, stopping just above his ears. He has not one, but eight Hollow holes, all of them just about 2 centimetres in diameter, scattered seemingly chaotically across his torso. Since Kai is not particularly fond of that perforated look, he prefers to keep them hidden under his clothing.
Physical Description: If one were to try and describe Kai on a strictly physical level, average is probably the first word that would come to mind. His figure, while relatively fit, shows little in the way of toned muscles, but calling it scrawny would be an overstatement. As far as notable facial features go, the long, straight nose and angular chin give Kai a shrewd, vivid look, further enhanced by his chestnut eyes, always darting about as if trying to soak up every minor detail. His skin is on the pale side of the spectrum and aside from a few trivial exceptions here and there, it is generally free of blemishes or scars. A black tuft of hair sits proudly on top of Kai's head, almost managing to mask the four thin, 20 centimetre long horns that start just above his

########
Rank: 24
Score: 59.244175
Retrieved Text: The first episode of Andante had just aired yesterday and the hot topic about this drama has become about nothing else but EXO Kai and his acting skills. However, was EXO Kai's acting on 'Andante' well received or completely criticized by fans and netizens?
Although it was Kai's first time acting and he was given a variety of scenes to work within the pilot episode, he found overall success and met the expectations of viewers in Korea and internationally. Alongside his fellow co-stars such as Lee Ye Hyun and Kim Jin Kyung, fans felt the drama's storyline was well written and that each actor fulfilled their character's role and style in a natural way. Check out what viewers said down below!
"Kai's acting was natural and good", "The drama was fun and the acting was good. I'm looking forward to next week. Kai fighting!", "His visual is great for both as a singer and actor", "I wasn't sure about his acting since there were no lines and only music playing in the drama teasers but wow lol His lines were so catchy lol."

########
Rank: 25
Score: 59.194675
Retrieved Text: outside Medicine Expert Palace waiting outside Yang Kai's awesomely is Shen Tu.
“President Ai Ou find me a matter?” Yang Kai asked.
“didn&apos;t anything, just ... little niang awake, heard that you are she Refining medicine pill, other than to thank you personally, Brother Yang if you have time, if you let me go.” Shen Tu stern saying.
Now, two people alongside leads the way.
Gu Bihu awakening, is in Yang Kai's expected. After all that, Ai Ou gave Gu Bihu took One drop Undying Source Liquid, already fixed, her body on the wound, had been stupor, solely because of Divine Soul has suffered by reason.
A High Beginning Revolving Soul Pill, sufficient solution to this difficult problem.
Besides, Yang Kai Refining out or what Pill Mark High Beginning Revolving Soul Pill, drug efficacy than general High Beginning Revolving Soul Pill strong several times more than, that Spirit Pill nourish Divine Soul, Gu Bihu if you don&apos;t wake up, that&apos;s what strange event, even she can use That a Spirit Pill, make Divine Soul profit.
road, Shen Tu sometimes to take the eye Stare Yang Kai, expression weird, starts.
He and Yang Kai know is not short time, although contacts isn&apos;t much, but he never thought, in that year, not only individual Martial Dao accomplished, in Pill Way. How can there be more shocking achievement.
And he compare, own this Void Return Stage&apos;s cultivation level is absolutely nothing.
Before he has some claims natural talent mark, but now ... Shen Tu is to fight to the death.
“was Void King Grade Alchemy Expert. Spirit Pill too refined.”

########
Rank: 26
Score: 59.11642
Retrieved Text: These neighborhood homes are primarily located on Makaa Street, along with a few homes on Kanoenoe Street. Most of Kelaula Kai's homes were built in the mid to late 1980's. The average home has three bedrooms, two and a half baths and about 1,500 square feet of interior living area. Lot sizes are usually 7,500 to 8,000 square feet.
Kelaula Kai is adjacent and mauka to the Anchorage neighborhood.
From Honolulu, take the H-1 freeway eastbound and continue as it merges onto Kalanianaole Highway (72). Turn left Keahole Street and it will eventually merge with Hawaii Kai Drive. Continue on Hawaii Kai Drive past the post office and after passing Makaa Street on the right, make the NEXT right turn at Makaa Street (the first right turn into Makaa Street takes you to Anchorage). If you miss this turn, that's okay, keep going and another right turn onto Makaa Street will emerge.
From Kailua and Waimanalo, drive east on Kalanianaole Highway, past Hanauma Bay. Turn right at Keahole Street and then follow the directions above.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 58.79145
Retrieved Text: This month our special event features world-renowned bassist, composer and educator Kai Eckhardt. Kai has performed with John McLaughlin, Billy Cobham and many others as well as his current band - Garaj Mahal. More downloads are available at Kai's website.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 58.788403
Retrieved Text: Kai Body Therapies provides its discerning clientele with a variety of both therapeutic and relaxation massage services. Clients enjoy how Kai's highly skilled therapists tailor each session to their individual needs, with a focus on health and wellness as a lifelong commitment. The customer-service oriented therapists at Kai understand that stress is one of the most prevalent health risks of this generation. They believe in creating the time and space to heal both mind and body and let the stresses of the day melt away. Located in the historical Beeson building in the heart of Downtown Edmonds. Come refresh and renew yourself in the caring and adept hands of Kai Body Therapies.
Owner and lead LMP, Jordana Turner, aims for her clients to experience the absolute best from her, her business, and her staff every time they walk through Kai's calming doors. A graduate of Ashmead College, Ms. Turner has years of experience in both spa and clinical settings. That she brings this body of knowledge to bear in her business is quite evident: she is a stickler for details with an eye for precision in her work, her staff choices, and the environment she creates for clients at Kai. You will often see Ms. Turner and her husband around town with their two young children. They love enjoying all that Edmonds has to offer -- from the beach to running to the coffee shops to the game-watching gathering spots -- and are very supportive of its local businesses. Ms. Turner is energized by the supportive community

########
Rank: 29
Score: 58.22517
Retrieved Text: In the small village of Hinamizawa, Rika Furude and her friends live together in relative harmony. Beneath this mask of peace, however, lies a hidden darkness, one that Rika understands all too well. In this eternal summer, she has been witness to unspeakable horrors. Every time the clock resets, Rika must try to find the villain behind these senseless deaths before tragedy strikes again. However, trying to decipher a mystery when only half the clues are present proves time and again to be disastrous, and each time she believes that things will change, she inevitably fails. As the annual festival approaches, Rika begins her descent from hope to despair in her struggle to break the chains of fate entangling them all.
In this review, I am including both Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni and Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni Kai in my comments. I will be calling the anime simply &quot;Higurashi&quot; in my review to save time. During the few times that I do choose to differenciate between the two seasons, I will refer to &quot;Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni Kai&quot; simply as &quot;Kai&quot;.
Story: Higurashi's storyline is stellar. It starts off as a horror/thriller anime where numerous mysteries arise in the small town of Hinamizawa. These mysterious storylines are filled with tension and suspense as the viewer fears for Keiichi's (the main character) life. Since Keiichi is a righteous character who means no harm, the viewer sympathizes with him and fears for his well-being- which is constantly at risk due to the seemingly murderous girls he befriends.

================



======= Instance Index 8765 =========
Input Text: Context: Casey was a famous baker and cookbook author, who loved her fans very much. Tracy (Casey's agent) expressed Casey's love to the people and gave out autographed cookbooks at the book fair.

Question: How would you describe Tracy?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: an agent who had Casey autograph cookbooks for fans

B: satisfied

C: pleased

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 67.33306
Retrieved Text: Now Casey and her family no longer have to live in shelters.
When Casey Bardowell was just two years old, she was diagnosed with Leukemia. On top of that, she had a bone marrow transplant and developed a side effect called graft versus host disease.
"The donor does not recognize the host. It sees her as foreign, so it's attacking her skin," said Tracy Glasgow, Casey's mother.
Casey's serious condition meant that Tracy had to quit her secretary job so she could care for her now nine-year-old daughter, which caused great financial difficulty. After getting too far behind on mortgage payments, Casey, Tracy, and her 8-month-old sister Lily, lost their home and were forced to move around homeless and medical shelters in order to get by. To make matters worse, Tracy says that the conditions she and her family were living in were nothing short of disastrous, especially for Casey.
"The toilet in the bathroom, it was dirty and stained. Just horrible," she said. "I was really afraid especially with the roaches. She [Casey] uses a cpap machine to sleep and I was scared the roaches would enter the machine."
But thanks to some generous strangers, Casey and her family no longer have to live in shelters. When hearing Casey and her family were in trouble, some friends set up a "Support Our Casey" fundraising page to help out with treatment costs and living expenses. Soon, local news outlets were sharing Casey's story and donations began pouring in from people all over the country.
Thanks to the amount of money they received,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 59.648575
Retrieved Text: ​Casey had sadly passed a few weeks ago and Casey's owner was gifted this portrait from mutual friends of ours through Facebook. Although Lynda lives in the USA, progress posts were added to my Facebook page to allow her to see Casey come to life on paper and then shipped home from the UK, arriving on Boxing Day. This beautiful composition was a perfect choice to immortalise him looking out at loved ones every day.
As the photograph was a very large file and the composition was perfect, the only adaptations I needed to make was to sharpen the details, which can appear flat when taken with mobile devices - the other change I made was to remove the lead and connector and place a name tag there which was taken from a tag that had been gifted to Casey's owner as a memorial after he had passed away and thought this would be a nice addition to the final portrait. I also darkened Casey's eyes up too, giving him more of a softer look in the face.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 59.008312
Retrieved Text: Casey will have to do a lot of pet-sitting to earn the money she needs to buy Lightning, a beloved horse. Her hopes of buying Lightning are dashed when she learns that his owner has found a buyer and must sell the horse immediately. Across the street from Casey's house a mystery unfolds as a seldom-seen woman who seems to be able to read minds prepares to host a carnival and a yo-yo contest that boasts a $1500 prize. Casey's yo-yo is buried in her closet. She has a great talent and a greater case of stage fright.
Nancy Belgue is the author of five books for children. Her writing has appeared in magazines in both Canada and the United States. In addition to speaking to children as a visiting author, Nancy has worked as a literary/drama artist with the Learning Through The Arts program and has acted in television commercials, training videos and documentaries.
Casey flattened herself against the side of the house. "Shhh!" she said. She beckoned to Mickey. He crept forward. "Look!" Casey said. Mickey craned his neck around Casey's shoulder and stared. A big striped tent filled Mrs. Lombardi's backyard. Casey and Mickey stared so hard at the tent they didn't even hear the footsteps. A shadow snaked over them and onto the grass. Hello, children," said a mysterious voice.
"Charming, intriguing, and fun to read. Recommended."

########
Rank: 3
Score: 55.95066
Retrieved Text: Could New Evidence Help Caylee's Mother?
Attorneys for Casey Anthony say they have new evidence that could indicate she didn't kill her two-year-old daughter, Caylee Anthony, and instead could implicate the man who helped police find Caylee's remains.
Casey is awaiting trial on first-degree murder charges. She's pleaded not guilty and says a baby sitter kidnapped Caylee. Prosecutors say they'll seek the death penalty if Casey is convicted of first-degree murder.
Caylee was last seen in June 2008. Her disappearance wasn't reported until a month later. Her body was found in December 2008 in a wooded area less than a mile from the Orlando, Fla. home she and Casey shared with Casey's parents.
But, reports CBS News Correspondent Kelly Cobiella, Casey's lawyers are asking the judge in the case to allow evidence they say shows the meter reader who helped in the search for Caylee's body could be the little girl's killer.
Roy Kronk was hailed as a hero last year, for helping police find Caylee's remains.
But Casey's lawyers say they've uncovered a dark side.
They gave CBS News video of April Hensley, who was 11 when Kronk lived with her mother, telling them, "Sometimes he would, you know, walk in while I was putting my clothes on."
April, along with two of Kronk's ex-wives, were interviewed by Casey's attorneys, who assert Kronk has a history of being inappropriate with children, and violent toward women.
Also on video provided to CBS News, an attorney for Casey asks one of Kronk's ex-wives, Jill Keerley, "When you learned that Roy Kronk had found the remains of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 55.39434
Retrieved Text: This weekend started an in-depth 3-part Casey Anthony documentary on Oxygen. Each episode is 2-hours and dives super deep into the controversial "most hated woman in America" / "tot mom" case that happened 10 years ago when Casey's daughter "went missing" but was not reported missing for 31 days.
The documentary series is extremely interesting as it looks at both sides of the arguments and actually had Cheney Mason and Jeff Ashton on the show to discuss their major roles and their thoughts on why the case turned out as it so infamously did. It would have been even more interesting to see Jose Baez (the more famous of Casey's defense) speak about his "victory," but that didn't happen.
Jeff Ashton, Casey's prosecution, infamously retired after the case as he was so outraged with the jury's ruling.
Though I also agree with Jeff's mindset and his annoyance with the judicial system, I wouldn't go so far as to say that the jury did anything wrong. There literally was no DNA evidence connecting Casey to the remains of her 2 year and 10 month old little daughter.
Everything was so circumstantial that it deemed it impossible to pin on Casey without doubt. Common sense certainly points to Casey and I do believe she killed her daughter to live the life she had wanted to turn back to, but unfortunately the proof was just not directly there. She lucked out so bad but she has to live with herself now...though she has said in a recent interview that she sleeps pretty good

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.366795
Retrieved Text: The Outlook wasn't brilliant for the Mudville nine that day: The score stood four to two, with but one inning more to play. And then when Cooney died at first, and Barrows did the same, A sickly silence fell upon the patrons of the game. A straggling few got up to go in deep despair. The rest Clung to that hope which springs eternal in the human breast; They thought, if only Casey could get but a whack at that - We'd put up even money, now, with Casey at the bat. But Flynn preceded Casey, as did also Jimmy Blake, And the former was a lulu and the latter was a cake; So upon that stricken multitude grim melancholy sat, For there seemed but little chance of Casey's getting to the bat. But Flynn let drive a single, to the wonderment of all, And Blake, the much despis-ed, tore the cover off the ball; And when the dust had lifted, and the men saw what had occurred, There was Jimmy safe at second and Flynn a-hugging third. Then from 5,000 throats and more there rose a lusty yell; It rumbled through the valley, it rattled in the dell; It knocked upon the mountain and recoiled upon the flat, For Casey, mighty Casey, was advancing to the bat. There was ease in Casey's manner as he stepped into his place; There was pride in Casey's bearing and a smile on Casey's face. And when, responding to the cheers, he lightly doffed his hat, No stranger in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 53.84024
Retrieved Text: Our trip to move Casey in for her junior year. Note: the entire photo gallery has yet to be organized, with gallery descriptions, memories and photo captions. To see more photos of Casey's time in NY, go to Casey's Facebook photos..
Lunch in NYC after moving Casey Casey into her apt.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 52.768833
Retrieved Text: Beyond Reasonable Doubt! Why I could find Casey guilty of murdering her daughter, and be able to sleep at night.
The above statement is an example of what the judge in a trail might use to instruct the jurors before they begin their deliberations in an attempt to come to a verdict at the end of the Casey Anthony trial.
1. Casey didn't report Caylee missing for 31 days and was seen out partying, etc during the time she was missing.
3. After Casey's auto was found abandoned, the smell of death coming from the car was reported by several people including Cindy, George, Lee, Detectives and the tow truck operator.
4.Grandmother Cindy reported her missing.
5. Lying to Law Enforcement about everything. Making false statements, making up false names of who she told about missing Caylee. Telling the Police that she was working at Universal Studio when she was fired from there two years prior.
5.Casey's original story changed from dropping Caylee off at Sawgrass Apartments, at an apartment had been proven to be vacant for some time, to the nanny knocking her to the ground and her sister taking Caylee at Blanchard park.
6.Stealing gas cans and "friends,parents, and grandparent" checks or monies.
7. Not one friend, not even family members have met the "nanny" or spoke to her. Never heard Casey on the phone with her. And no phone numbers.
8.Searches done on the computer at the Anthony home for homemade weapons, neck breaking, missing children, chloroform, mom Cindy was ruled out due to her work schedule. I rule out dad George

########
Rank: 8
Score: 52.248123
Retrieved Text: Audiobook. Recommended by Jennifer, this story was an ideal audiobook. It is a well-read, long, compelling narrative that has plenty of drama with interesting characters and nobody dies. The characters are fully developed; we see their better moments as well as their wretched selves. Only Ella and her father have a limited dimension; they are always good, kind, beautiful, forgiving.
The main character is Casey, a Korean woman just graduated from Princeton whose parents work many hours running a dry cleaning store. Unlike her compliant sister, she defies her father who beats her and as the narrative begins, throws her out of the house. His bad behavior does not seem to end Casey's familial obligation, though she rarely sees her family after that. When she must introduce her American boyfriend to her parents at her friend Ella's wedding, she finds her loyalty is ultimately with her father when he is confronted with the boyfriend's typically American behavior. The boyfriend assumes that if he is his usual charming self, the father, like everyone else he meets, will like him. Instead, it makes the father nuts.
Casey gets a job as a sales assistant with an investment bank and on the day she interviews for the job, she joins the men as they have a free lunch provided by the section that just closed a big deal. This free food is a regular feature of the lives of these millionaires.
We meet lots of interesting characters: Sabine, the incredibly rich Korean woman who wants Casey to be her successor in her

########
Rank: 9
Score: 51.74068
Retrieved Text: Real fossil jewelry featuring prehistoric fossil shark teeth, stingray barbs & mouth plates, shark vertebrae & more hand-picked in nature by Foxy Fossils in Charleston, SC. Raw and organic yet dainty and elegant one-of-a-kind handmade jewelry for both men and women.
Watch my Foxy Fossils video to see where the adventure begins.
Foxy Fossils is a unique brand of adventure and natural beauty and is based in Charleston, SC. The brand was created by Casey Danielle who is passionate about hunting, collecting, and identifying fossils. Casey goes out and finds each fossil by hand, collects and identifies them, and then intricately places them in her own stunning, original handmade fossil jewelry designs. Casey creates one of a kind exquisite jewelry designs that demonstrate a classy yet adventurous vibe.
Foxy Fossils is a passion-driven brand expressed by Casey's love for exploring nature and finding fossils that she then uses to create simple yet sophisticated and elegant statement jewelry pieces. Each piece of jewelry is delicately designed and made by hand using authentic fossils. Fossils include various species of fossilized shark teeth, shark vertebrae, stingray mouth plates, and stingray barbs.
Contact Casey at foxyfossils@gmail.com to request a custom order using your own fossils (shark teeth, vertebrae, etc.). Custom orders typically take 1-2 weeks for completion and include a complimentary consultation.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 51.606586
Retrieved Text: Once a distracted driver himself, Joel Feldman now travels the country trying to change the way people drive.
In 2009 Feldman lost his 21-year-old daughter, Casey. She was an aspiring journalist, getting ready to head into her senior year of college, but Casey's life was cut short by a distracted driver.
“She had her entire life in front of her, she could do anything and she can be anything. It was taken away in just a few seconds,” said Feldman.
She was crossing the street in Ocean City, New Jersey when a driver ran a stop sign while reaching for his GPS.
It wasn't long after Casey's death that Feldman decided he was going to make a change and use his tragedy to protect other people's children.
“I was afraid Casey would be forgotten, but I am no longer afraid because I know that we are making a difference. I’m telling her story and keeping kids safe and that’s a gift,” said Feldman.
For the last nine years Feldman has traveled the country giving more than 500 presentations.
Passing out hot pink wrist bands to middle school, high school and college students in Casey's honor. Hoping those wristbands will help them remember just how deadly distracted driving can be.
Click here to learn more about Feldman's foundation and how you can end distracted driving.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.586315
Retrieved Text: Last night's American Idol elimination show was a doozy. I laughed, I cried, I sang along to some pretty kicking Motown. When Stevie Wonder came out, I thought I was the most surprised person until I saw Steven Tyler's face. He loved it! And that "Happy Birthday" song for Steven was cute, too. Jennifer Hudson performed as well, and not only did she look skinny, but her voice sounded thin, too. Didn't have much soul. Then there was Sugarland who made me embarrassed to be a country music fan. That song, with the reggae rap? Disgusting.
The group number wasn't half bad, though. I think we're starting to find our stride on Idol. But then, just when you think you have it all figured out, nodding your head when they tell Thia and Stefano they're in the bottom three (I called that), your Idol world is rocked when you find out Casey's also in danger of going home.
What?! I said I said I said I said a what now? How could Casey be in the bottom three and not Haley or Naima? This just didn't seem right. Even Haley and Naima would admit it -- they had looks of shock and awe on their faces when Ryan told them they were the ones who were safe, and Casey was the one in jeopardy.
And then the unthinkable happened. Casey and Stefano sat there like fat ducks in a pond, hoping the other one gets shot and eaten, then BOOM, Casey goes down. Ryan dragged him by his neck

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.16567
Retrieved Text: On the 29th day of my quest to eat a hot dog a day at a different venue in honor of National Hot Dog Month, I stayed real close to home. I could have walked to the oldest continuously run hot dog joint in the state: Casey's Diner in downtown Natick, Massachusetts. The Casey family has been in the hot dog business since 1890. The fourth generation of the family is currently manning the copper kettle steamer that pumps out 800 hot dogs a day (and some 400 burgers too) inside one of the oldest existing Worcester Lunch Car Company diners in existence..
Casey's was placed on the National Register of Historic Places back in 1977.
Fourth generation hot dog man Pat Casey takes it all in with an easy going attitude and nearly constant smile.
Pat works the hot dog steamer and the take out window while two helpers work the counter and grill.
There are twelve seats at Casey's and a small shelf for the standing room crowd. Intimate would describe the place accurately.
Today's visit attracted some local media and this kid: Hot Dog Boy!
If you aren't in the mood for a hot dog, Casey's has the best burgers around! I will often get a burger with a hot dog for an "appetizer."
I will be returning to Casey's in the next month or two to do a full on video documentary. Pat promises to break out "the old guys" for the shoot. I will keep Hot Dog Nation posted.
In the mean time, stop by Casey's for a couple

########
Rank: 13
Score: 51.141735
Retrieved Text: (01-14-2012, 03:21 AM)john Wrote: Casey playing his bassy.
That kid is so talented!!!! I wish that he would have shown this side of him -- or had more opportunity to show this side of him while he was on Idol.
But "he's Casey and he just got signed." And, hopefully, he'll get to "blow our minds" (and even more hopefully, he'll ask Haley to help him do that) on his album!
(01-14-2012, 10:55 AM)My Alter Ego Wrote: That kid is so talented!!!! I wish that he would have shown this side of him -- or had more opportunity to show this side of him while he was on Idol.
This performance really does showcase some of Casey's talents. It's cool. Video is from 2010.
He seems to like to experiment with new things a lot, whether an instrument, video technique, or with sound equipment.
Quote: Yep, this instrument is going on my album. Dean parks killing it on the mandocello.
And he's off and running -- yet again.
I would not be at all surprised to learn that Casey's IQ "clocks" in at a genius level. And, perhaps, many of his "fans" are in that category as well.
However, I still think that he would ultimately be better served -- at least, initially -- by recognizing that those who might be able to support his interests (and by "support" I mean "buy") may be "slowbies" -- those who can't keep up with his warp speed musical shifts.
(01-21-2012, 02:32 AM)john Wrote: Story of Casey's life?
John, thank you for unearthing this. I had seen this last year

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.552376
Retrieved Text: Watch full movie online Mad Love (1995) in HD quality. Movie Mad Love (1995) was released in May 26, 1995 in genre Drama. Movie Mad Love (1995) is movie directed by Antonia Bird. and starring by Chris O'Donnell. Movie Mad Love (1995) tell story about Matt falls for Casey, the new girl in school. She's fun-loving and eccentric, but there's a darkness to her whimsy that Matt can't begin to comprehend. When Casey attempts to commit suicide, her parents place her in a mental institution. Matt springs her out, and together the young lovers head on a road trip. They believe their love can "cure" Casey's problems. Matt starts to wonder, though, if are they inspired or misguided.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 50.47003
Retrieved Text: OLD WESTBURY, N.Y — Paul Casey fired a 66 on Saturday at the Northern Trust, a score that vaulted the Englishman to third on the tournament leader board entering final-round play at Glen Oaks Club. Casey, who began the postseason 18th in the FedEx Cup standings, should find himself among the top point getters with another solid performance on Sunday. Given the 40-year-old's playoff push from a season ago -- posting two consecutive runner-ups at the Deutsche Bank and BMW Championships, with a fourth-place finish at East Lake -- it's a name his fellow tour brethren would prefer not to have breathing down their neck.
Fortunately for his competition, that's a circumstance that may not come to fruition. And they have Casey's wife, and unborn baby, to thank.
Casey's wife, Pollyanna, is pregnant and currently due the week of the Tour Championship. Speaking to the Golf Channel's Rex Hoggard, Casey mentioned the possibility of delivering the child early via a caesarean section.
This is not the first time a pregnancy threw a wrench into a player's postseason push. During the 2014 Tour Championship, Brittany Horschel, wife of Billy, was pregnant with the couple's first child. Considering the $10 million prize on the line, Horschel was put in a dilemma, one his wife solved by telling him to stay in Atlanta. Luckily for the couple, Brittany went into labor two days after Horschel's career breakthrough.
Granted, Casey's won over $20 million on the PGA Tour (along with €15,442,322 on the European Tour). Still, $10 million is a lot of cabbage, and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 50.33709
Retrieved Text: Can Casey Anthony get a fair trial?
ORLANDO, Fla. - It has been two-and-a-half years since Casey Anthony was first arrested and charged with murdering her 2-year-old daughter, Caylee, in a criminal case that has become a public obsession.
"The evidence is overwhelming," Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi says. "No one else in the world could've done this except Casey Anthony."
"People hate her!" Casey's father, George Anthony, told "48 Hours" in 2009.
"She's been portrayed as an evil person," added Cindy Anthony.
Casey was a 22-year-old single mother. She and her daughter lived with Casey's parents, George and Cindy, in their Orlando home.
"Casey was a good mom," Cindy said. "Casey put her daughter first."
"She was just a beautiful child," said Cindy.
But Caylee disappeared that summer after Casey took her daughter and left her parents' home. Even more startling, is that Casey waited an entire month before revealing to her family and authorities that her child was missing - a fact that sent the local media into overdrive.
"It's very unfair of the media to go and harass people and that's...exactly what the media has done," said Cindy.
"I've asked you guys to respect my privacy," she yells. "All of you leeches, all of you parasites, all of you maggots out here. OK? That's true. Because that's exactly what you guys are. All of you guys."
Fueling the flames, Casey claimed her nanny, a woman no one could find - much less even prove existed, had kidnapped the child.
Meanwhile, thousands of volunteers helped in a massive search for Caylee, but were hampered by flooding

########
Rank: 17
Score: 50.33667
Retrieved Text: And, no, my medical bills weren't that much cheaper.
The most common question I get is, why didn't you name your baby Casey? That's because I had my daughter, Mia Jo Lynne Bennett, on November 16, 2015, on the floor of a Casey's General Store bathroom in Moweaqua, IL.
When I woke up around 3:30 a.m. that Monday morning to the first telltale labor pains, I wasn't too alarmed, even though, the first time I gave birth, my labor was really quick — under four hours. . My fiancé, Brad, was working on the road at the time, so he had left for a town over 150 miles away the night before. I called my mother and grandmother during those early contractions and asked them to come over. My grandmother would sit with my son, then 7, while my mother drove me to the hospital.
My water still hadn't broken when they arrived, but as I was walking to the car, I had to kneel down in pain in front of my house. The nearest hospital was in Decatur, about 30 miles away, and the pain overrode any anxiety I had about making it in time — I just wanted to get moving.
We had been driving for about a half hour when I finally couldn't take the crippling contractions anymore and asked my mother to pull over. She turned into a gas station with a little convenience store attached, Casey's General Store. She stayed in the car while I ran past customers and into the bathroom. I sat on

########
Rank: 18
Score: 50.32914
Retrieved Text: Casey's has kept on growing ever since the owners started out as innkeepers more than 20 years ago. Today, this distinctive dark-green building overlooking Baltimore's natural harbour now functions as a hotel, conference and wedding venue, restaurant and traditional Irish pub (complete with open fires and live music sessions).
Spanking fresh seafood (much of it caught by Michael Casey) is the star of the show in the airy restaurant overlooking the water. Mussels are from the family's own beds on Roaring Water Bay and the seasonal haul could also include crabs, lobsters, scallops, prawns and other piscine delights. Everything is treated with a refreshingly simple touch.
Bowls of Casey's chowder are big sellers and the blackboard might also list home-pickled herrings with lemon dressing, grilled whole black sole and the like. Away from the sea, there's generally something for meat fans and vegetarians, while those with a sweet tooth might be satisfied by a helping of apple pie.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 50.300903
Retrieved Text: Casey Kasem's Daughter Scientology Claims are Total BS ... Widow's Lying to Deflect!!!
Casey Kasem's daughter says his widow is throwing out bogus claims to try to discredit her family ... and thwart their efforts to get justice for his 2014 death.
Julie Kasem tells TMZ ... Jean Kasem's recent allegations -- that members of the Church of Scientology and Casey's kids conspired to kill the radio legend for his money -- are blatant lies she's using to take the heat off herself.
Julie admits her sister, Kerri, is a Scientologist, but says it doesn't matter ... because Scientology has absolutely nothing to do with the case. She then doubles down on her belief that Jean's elder abuse contributed to her dad's death.
She also insists no money she or her siblings have received from their father went to Scientology, as Jean has also claimed.
If you don't know ... police in Washington opened an investigation into Kasem's death last month at the request of Jean. As we reported ... they already filed a wrongful death suit against Jean in 2015.
Casey's children claim Jean removed him from an assisted living facility in California and took him on a 7-day journey all over the Western U.S. ... but when they returned, he had a massive bedsore that was deeply infected. The suit alleges Casey died as the result of a staph infection, UTI, and sepsis ... all brought on by Jean's neglect.
Jean's adamantly denied doing anything to harm her husband before he died. We got her outside the courthouse Wednesday, and she

########
Rank: 20
Score: 49.959343
Retrieved Text: Pennsylvania Auditor General Robert P. Casey Jr. says some employees of the state department responsible for worker safety and workers' compensation are guilty of flagrant abuses of funds.
In fact, claims Casey, top officials in the Ridge-Schweiker administration are guilty of "dereliction of duty" for allowing a Department of Labor & Industry (L&I) employee to spend nearly $200,000 of public money on inappropriate, unjustified and wasteful expenditures.
The "flagrant misuse of tax dollars" includes at least 1,000 personal cell phone calls to Montana, trips to casinos in Las Vegas and Atlantic City, four coat racks worth $1,300 and novelty clothing items that were given away to colleagues, friends and even a group of square dancers.
As a result of Casey's audit, this official - a former Monroe County commissioner who served as deputy secretary for Safety and Standards from July 2001 to March 2002 and director of the Bureau of Labor Law Compliance (BLLC) from 1995 to July 2001 - has been suspended without pay, but not fired.
"The flagrant misuse of tax dollars at the BLLC was allowed to continue unabated for over 3-1/2 years because top L&I officials and the comptroller's office responsible for auditing L&I did absolutely nothing to scrutinize, question or control the director's inappropriate purchases," Casey said. "The dereliction of duty that occurred at the highest levels of this administration is appalling."
Casey's audit found that the employee used his position of authority and a state credit card to promote a personal agenda, rather than to do his job, which was to enforce the state's prevailing

########
Rank: 21
Score: 49.731335
Retrieved Text: The Kasem children's wrongful death suit agsinst his second wife Jean is scheduled for next spring, the conflict quite like a Hollywood drama involved his death and his fortune.
Casey Kasem was famous for his "American Top 40" radio show and as the voice of Scooby Doo's friend Shaggy. Prior to his death, he suffered from demantia in 2007 at the age of 75, he had been in and out of hospitals for months with endless legal fights over visitation among his family. Casey had an estate valued between $80 and $100 million, a fortune that intensified the war between Jean, the second wife and his three children, Kerri, Julie and Mike. Even his burial in Oslo, Norway was without his children agreement, the outcome of the case will determine who inherits Casey's fortune.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.664734
Retrieved Text: A HomeLight concierge will reach out on Carissa Casey's behalf within 3 mins during business hours.
We'll do our best to connect you with Carissa Casey and if you'd like, introduce you to other top performing agents in the area.
Is Carissa the right agent for you?
Carissa sells properties fast - selling more than 49% quicker than the average Aurora agent.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.570705
Retrieved Text: This was a cute, sweet, imaginative quick read that would probably appeal more to high school students. Not that I didn't enjoy the book! It was fun to read. Clockwise is Book #1 of a 6-book series.
It seems that Casey has been plagued with dizzy spells since she was around 9 years old. But these aren't normal dizzy spells. When this sensation overcomes her, she is transported back to 1861. Life is much different for a 16-year-old girl in 1861. For awhile, she pretended to be a young boy in order to get odd jobs. Then it became more difficult to conceal that she was a girl and she just had to go with it. Thankfully, she found a caring family to take her in... even though she kept popping out and back to modern times. Casey was not able to control when this "traveling" would take place.
Add in Nate, Casey's secret crush, and the accidental "travel" that happened when he was dancing with her, and things get very interesting. A bit of history at the outbreak of the Civil War, slavery, and then an accidental "travel" to 1961 with Samual, and things get even more interesting.
Elle Strauss created interesting characters and a cute, imaginative story. A bit too light for my taste, but I'm sure younger readers will love this.
Elle Strauss is the bestselling author of fun other-worldy YA: whimsical things like time-travel, fairies and merfolk (with a nice helping of romance!) She divides her time between Canada and Germany, and enjoys drinking coffee and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.485153
Retrieved Text: A delicious comic ghost story, set in NEW YORK on CHRISTMAS Eve, about Casey, an Irish rogue who haunts his old Jewish friend, Israelovitch to help him get to Heaven.
All Israelovitch has to do is light a candle for him on the first anniversary of Casey's death at St Michael's Church.
Israelovitch isn't keen because Casey died owing him money and its cold and very snowy outside.
So Casey enlists the help of Israelovitch's wife Bessie, who is already there and will get her wings if she helps Casey.
Then the race is on to light the candle before 12 noon.
The cast includes Suzanne Bertish, David Kelly and Henry Goodman.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 49.434437
Retrieved Text: Spending the entire summer with my father wasn’t in my plans. I hated him. I was angry and resentful, and it made me feel out of control.
Casey is carefree. She lives life to the fullest, without regrets, and to a guy like me, she was hope. We only had the summer, and I knew better than to get wrapped up with her, but I couldn’t help it.
And now? Now, I don’t know how to let her go.
I’d never been in love. At fifteen, my life was filled with books and family expectations. Love was not something I had time for.
And then, he saved me.
But when we’re together, living each day with reckless abandon, I realize that life is so much more than fairytales within the pages.
I’m pretty sure he’s my soulmate. But what good can possibly come from falling so hard when you’re this young? How can this ever work?
A promise. That’s all we have to hold on to. One. Simple. Promise.
***This novel contains adult/mature young adult situations. It is only suitable for ages 17+ due to language and sexual situations.
4.0 out of 5 starsMiss Lum's debut novel.......Young love, beautiful, happy, sad, all of it heartfelt.
Congratulation's J Lum on your debut Novella!!! It was well written and the formatting was just beautiful, something you don't see in many books.
I loved Toby and Casey's story. Toby has had a tough upbringing, dealing with things no kid ever should but sadly do and Casey having to deal with her 'father's expectations', It was well paced, not too fast,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 49.159054
Retrieved Text: Believe it or not, Casey Anthony appears to have a new man in her life.
The Florida woman known to some as "Tot Mom" is seeing a guy in his early 30s who works a professional job, according to People.
"She's had trouble finding guys who are interested in her," a source shared with the publication. "But he's a really special guy who can overlook her past."
That past includes the 2008 disappearance of Casey's daughter Caylee Anthony.
The two-year-old was missing for 31 days before Casey reported her missing. After a nationwide search, the girl's remains were found in a wooded area less than a mile from the Anthony family home.
After maintaining she had nothing to do with her disappearance and death, Casey was ultimately acquitted of murder and manslaughter charges in July 2011.
"He is giving her a clean slate," a source added. "She's now in her 30s. She's a different person than she was when she was an emotionally-stunted 21-year-old. He sees what she could be."
Casey continues to maintain a low-profile in Florida. And while she shies away from giving interviews, she previously spoke to the Associated Press about her life today.
"I don't give a s--t about what anyone thinks about me. I don't care about that. I never will. I'm OK with myself," she shared. "I sleep pretty good at night."
Casey added, "My sentence was doled out long before there was a verdict. Sentence first, verdict afterward. People found me guilty long before I had my day in court."
Just this week, Casey's dad appeared on The Dr.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 48.77873
Retrieved Text: Casey has been a professional photographer for over a decade, with coverage in numerous magazines and cover shots. Casey's works have appeared on CBS News, Al Jazeera, History Channel, Los Angeles Independent Film Festival, Gila Film Festival and numerous other publications. Casey specializes in 4K, motion-control, timelapse, Milky Way photography, Iceland landscapes, desert landscapes and cityscapes, including aerial quadcopter filming.
Casey founded, and is the Festival Director for, the "Timelapse Film Festival" - The premiere event for timelapse filmmakers worldwide. The recent winners can be viewed here. The festival occur annually (late summer) in Joshua Tree, California.
Casey's works can be viewed on Getty Images and Vimeo.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 48.689846
Retrieved Text: Hello, my friends. It's Cazekiel Day again, so let's have some fun with the boys.
A re-post, originally written for fic_promptly = a comment_fic community at Dreamwidth.
The boy barely looked up from his computer when Zeke stepped closer.
Zeke put his arms around his boyfriend from behind and pulled him back gently.
„And you will get an A at least, as ever. Because you are the most brilliant student at College.
Casey smiled and rested his head against Zeke's chest. He would never get enough of these little, intimate gestures. Zeke was not a guy who talked much about his feelings. But he did show it in hundred different ways.
„No, Case,“ he interrupted him and bend forward to place a kiss on his temple.
Instantly Casey felt the heat rushing through his body. It was kind of embarrassing, wasn't it, that some teasing alone could make him feel like this. But Zeke only chuckled slightly; one reason why he loved him, Casey was unable to hide his feelings or to pretend to be someone he wasn't.
Zeke's voice was almost a whisper now, warm and seducing.
Casey's mouth was dry and his eyes sparkled in this dark blue Zeke loved so much when he finally got up from the desk, leaving the computer and the test behind.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 48.494225
Retrieved Text: After my cat, Casey died, I wanted to do something concrete to keep her spirit alive--something that would help other cats and their people.
And so I've decided to create "Casey's Legacy," a virtual "fund" that will underwrite more than a third of the cost of telepathic consultations for cats with cancer.
Because cats can be masterful at disguising pain or disability until it has progressed beyond control, it can be useful to approach them telepathically, to tune into their aches and sensations and to assess their emotional and physical energy and their will to persevere. But when pet owners are facing sometimes extraordinary costs for the very best medical treatment to keep their cats alive, the idea of calling an animal communicator can seem like an unaffordable luxury.
I want Casey's Legacy to change that, by making routine telepathic "check-ins" for cats with cancer affordable for anyone who wants them. When we understand our cats' perspective, we can make better decisions about managing their care, and we can better support them if and when their condition deteriorates.
As of December 1st, 2008, owners of cats who have been diagnosed with cancer will pay only $40.00 for animal communication consultations with me, through Animal Translations. The usual fee is $65.00 for a non-emergency session.
I sincerely hope that my small contribution will make a difference to cats with cancer, and the people who love them.

================



======= Instance Index 5767 =========
Input Text: Context: Bailey's wife gave Jordan a lift but Jordan noticed they were low in gas so Jordan asked Bailey's wife to stop for gas.

Question: How would Bailey's wife feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: ungrateful towoards Jordan

B: in need

C: grateful to Jordan

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 67.33219
Retrieved Text: If you're looking to move to or from South Jordan, Bailey's Moving will coordinate moving services for you from our Salt Lake City, Utah Office. If you need location details such as contact information or directions, get location details below. If you have any questions about moving or need help in any way, chat with us online!
South Jordan was settled in 1859 by Alexander and Catherine Lince Beckstead. Like many of the first settlers in the Salt Lake Valley, their first home was a cave dug out of the river bank. These first homes were "a good sized room" (14 ft. sq.) dug into the hill, with large sun-dried adobe bricks on the front wall. Large logs covered with plants, willows, and mud and dirt formed the roof.
With picks and shovels, the Beckstead family dug and built the Beckstead Ditch, which still exists today from 12600 South to 10600 South. The ditch diverted water from the Jordan River to irrigate crops as early as June of 1859. Later, the ditch was also used as a mill race for the White Fawn Flour Mill, the first mill in South Jordan, built by Robert M. Holt in 1895. In 1902 the mill burned down but was later rebuilt. Flour mills were very important when people grew their own food. Farmers would take their wheat, oats and barley to the mill and trade for sacks of flour, cracked cereal for breakfast mush, and "bran & shorts" to feed the animals. Water from the Beckstead ditch powered the mill until

########
Rank: 1
Score: 55.31668
Retrieved Text: Some of our readers have noticed that we were mentionned in this month’s Canadian House & Home magazine. They did a story called Our Favourite Canadian Design Blogs and since this blog is half Canadian they wanted to include the blog and me! It is such an honour. I have subscribed to H&H for years and it is by far one of my favourite mags.
An AMAZING local photographer, Jordan Craig, came by one morning and photographed me in my home office and took some photos of vignettes around the house (which to my dismay none were used). To my relief he brought along his wife who applied my makeup (and I took note!). It was a total blast, Jordan and his wife were awesome, and he brought along the coolest camera I’ve ever seen (a Hasselblad from the 60s with an attachment where the film would go to make it digital). I asked my boyfriend to help me take photos of the process and both of us forgot for the most part. Here are a few we did manage to take.
Jordan was kind enough to send me the photos he took around my office and living room. They are fantastic so I thought I would share them.
Congratulations to the other bloggers included (Jan of poppytalk, Marie-Eve of Lake Jane and Arren of Arren Williams Design Lab, and thank you Jordan and House & Home!!
Congratulations! I love the color in your home. You do a good job of putting it together without it looking too busy —

########
Rank: 2
Score: 53.229202
Retrieved Text: The Twilight Zone producer and Brooklyn Nine-Nine star have kept their relationship under the radar.
The Twilight Zone producer Jordan Peele and his wife, comedian Chelsea Peretti, have been married for three years.
The couple first met in 2013 and eloped three years later.
Jordan and Chelsea now have one child together, a son named Beaumont.
As the writer and director of the critically acclaimed films Get Out and Us, as well as the showrunner on CBS All Access' new Twilight Zone reboot, Jordan Peele has seen his career skyrocket over the past few years. But while Jordan has majorly shot into the spotlight, he and his wife, comedian Chelsea Peretti, have managed to keep their relationship relatively private. Here, a deep-dive into the couple's low-key love story.
2013: Jordan and Chelsea meet.
This funny couple's love story began six years ago, when Jordan and Chelsea first met. Although rumors have swirled that Chelsea's Brooklyn Nine-Nine co-star Andy Samberg was the one to initially set her up with Jordan, the comedian herself has said otherwise: In an October 2014 interview with Entertainment Weekly, Chelsea revealed that she initially met her hubby-to-be online.
Chelsea Peretti and Jordan Peele attend the 2014 Emmy Awards.
2015: The couple gets engaged.
After two years of dating, Jordan and Chelsea decided to take the next step in their relationship. But there was no flashy engagement announcement for these two — instead, the couple casually announced their big news with two very low-key tweets.
At the same time on November 28, 2015, Chelsea wrote that her "fiancé @JordanPeele" had proposed, and Jordan

########
Rank: 3
Score: 52.86986
Retrieved Text: Yvette Prieto was bornon 1979 in Cuba, American, is Michael Jordan’s Wife. Yvette Prieto is a Cuban-American model and the wife of NBA legend Michael Jordan. Her husband is an internationally famous retired basketball player, businessman, and principal owner and chairman of the Charlotte Hornets. Prior to her marriage to the Jordan, Yvette used to work as a model. Beautiful, graceful, and talented, she was one of the best known Cuban American models of her era. Having taken up modelling at a young age, she has modelled for various prominent designers and brands; she has also worked with the world-famous fashion designer Alexander Wang. An outgoing and friendly lady, she first became acquainted with the NBA star Michael Jordan while dancing in a club. Their friendship soon blossomed into love and the two started dating. Eventually they got married in a lavish ceremony that was attended by hundreds of guests. As the wife of a sporting superstar, Yvette Prieto gained even more popularity and is today quite well-known on social media channels as well.
Yvette Prieto was born in Cuba in 1978. Yvette modeled for designer Alexander Wang. She also appeared in the TV Series Documentary Cuba: An Island Apart as herself.
Yvette met basketball legend Michael Jordan while dancing at a club in 2008. They moved in together in 2009, and were engaged over Christmas in 2011. Prieto married Jordan in April 2013 at Bethesda-by-the-Sea Episcopal Church. Her wedding gown was designed by J&apos;Aton Couture, and celebrities Usher and Robin Thicke sang at the reception. She gave

########
Rank: 4
Score: 52.077354
Retrieved Text: DAVIS—Indian Falls Creek, in its 62nd year, recorded 399 decisions, the second largest total ever. That included 223 professions of faith, the second largest number in history; 39 for special service/missions, an all-time high; 99 rededications and 38 other decisions/prayer. Attendance reached 2,313.
Preaching this year was Anthony L. Jordan, executive director-treasurer of the Baptist General Convention of Oklahoma, who was also honored by the state’s Indian congregations in a special ceremony Thursday night for the work he has done in behalf of Oklahoma Baptists.
As campers looked on, Indian leaders gathered around Jordan, and their wives surrounded Jordan’s wife, Polla, to lift them up in prayer.
Earlier, Jordan told the campers that God had a divine appointment for many of them.
Preaching from Matthew 18:21-35, Jordan said the measure of forgiveness is as Jesus showed us, not as someone else does it.
Jordan noted most people understand what sin is, but don’t grasp the significance of the word.
He added we are all guilty before God, doomed and damned because of our sin.
Jordan emphasized that when we are willing to confess our sins, He runs to us.
But, Jordan continued, Jesus didn’t stop the story there. He goes on to tell of one who has been forgiven and is unwilling to forgive.
Jordan said he believes the number one sin in the church is the sin of unforgiveness.
To illustrate, Jordan told of a woman in a revival service he was preaching in Tulsa.
This was the 62nd year of Indian Falls Creek, and Jordan announced a history of the Native American gathering is in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 50.556866
Retrieved Text: Home » WORLD » Free At Last, Free At Last!
Jeremy Meeks, a.k.a. “The Hot Mugshot Guy,” is out of his prison cell and getting ready to sell designer clothes.
According to his agent and manager, Jim Jordan, Meeks was released on Tuesday morning from the Mendota Federal Correctional Institution in Northern California. He was greeted by his wife Melissa, their three children and Jordan.
“He’s in great spirits,” Jordan told TheWrap. “He’s delighted to be reunited with his family.” Meeks became famous in June after he was arrested on gun and gang-related charges. When his mugshot was posted on the Stockton, California, police department’s website, women (and men) swooned, and Meeks became an overnight global obsession.
According to Jordan, a modeling agent at White Cross Management in Los Angeles, his phone has been ringing off the hook with offers from the world’s “top five designers,” as well as TV producers, though he declined to say which ones.
Meeks is not allowed to talk to the press as of yet, according to Jordan. He’ll be spending the next month in a transition house. But once he does, Jordan says he expects Meeks to take over the modeling world.
“The world responds to beautiful things. Jeremy is a beautiful thing. His striking looks [are] the first thing we noticed. His appeal got the attention of the world,” Jordan said.
When Meeks’ mugshot went viral, speculation was rampant about whether or not Meeks, famous for his arresting eyes and tear-drop tattoo, would score a lucrative modeling contract. His mugshot was even photoshopped into several memes

########
Rank: 6
Score: 50.51963
Retrieved Text: The Bachelorette's JoJo Fletcher and Jordan Rodgers Tackle Living Together: "I Love Her but I Love My Bed Too"
JoJo Fletcher officially picked her man and now she's picking a house.
On the heels of The Bachelorette's finale episode Monday night, the 25-year-old Dallas native took her seat on Jimmy Kimmel Live armed with her husband-to-be—Jordan Rodgers. After breaking contestant Robby Hayes' heart, she sat by Rodgers as they gave their first official interview as an engaged pair to the late-night talk show host.
While the two looked like they were still fresh in love, there was one item of business they weren't so ready to agree on—their new home.
"I decided we were starting this new life together, we would get a new house, so I've been looking for a house for both of us," the brunette beauty explained. However, the search process has been mostly digital, which has made Rodgers a bit anxious.
However, JoJo did ultimately find a house for them and she and her California man are moving "straight to Dallas"—but will Rodgers be able to bring one very important item?
"We're going to snag the big ticket items like my bed," he said. "I like my bed," JoJo countered.
"I love her, but I love my bed, too," he told Jimmy Kimmel. Remember, Jordan: Happy wife, happy wife—right JoJo?
All in all, their first televised interview together was going rather smoothly until the host broke out the "Fiancé My Name" game, similar to the Newlywed game where each partner has to answer questions about the other.
While they could both

########
Rank: 7
Score: 50.317337
Retrieved Text: OKEECHOBEE — Law enforcement continues to search for a man who is apparently wanted in the state of Maine but ran from police Thursday morning and, at newspaper presstime, was still on the lam.
A woman with the man, however, was arrested for possession of a controlled substance and booked into the Okeechobee County Jail on a $1,500 bond. Jail records show that woman, Crystal Ann Taylor, 26, of Davie, has been released on bond.
However, police continue to search for Michael Joseph Lewis, 29, of a S.W. 10th St. address in Okeechobee, who fled from a police officer after the officer had helped push Lewis’ vehicle to a gas station.
According to a report by Officer Michael Jordan, of the Okeechobee City Police Department (OCPD), Lewis’ 1995 Chevrolet pick-up truck was stopped around 9:30 a.m. on South Parrott Avenue at Walmart. When the officer couldn’t pass the vehicle, he got out of his car and helped Lewis push the vehicle to the Murphy gas station while Taylor steered the truck.
“After getting the vehicle to the gas pumps and while walking back to my car, dispatch advised me the registered owner had a warrant through Maine with a nationwide extradition (order),” stated Officer Jordan.
At that point the officer got into his patrol car and drove to the gas station. Taylor was pumping gas into the truck and the driver’s side door was open. It was then the officer noticed a syringe in a compartment on the door. That syringe, continued the officer’s report, contained a red liquid.
Officer Jordan stated

########
Rank: 8
Score: 50.24705
Retrieved Text: As you’ve read in several of our recent articles and reports, and elsewhere on the internet, Star Wars: Episode IX recently filmed in Jordan.
But exactly who took part in that location-based shoot? We have pieced together which actors/characters we think may have taken part in the filming there through several different outlets.
We don’t know what planet Jordan is being used for, but our best speculation would be Jakku. Regardless of where it is, the question we are looking to answer is who was there?
We think most of the gang left on the Millennium Falcon at the end of The Last Jedi may have taken part in this shoot including: Rey, Finn, Poe, Chewbacca, and C-3PO. Let’s break it all down.
So we already knew Finn and Poe were a part of shooting on location in Jordan. Who else?
Well Daisy Ridley was photographed reportedly a day or so after they were done on set, touring Petra, Jordan, which is about 70 miles north of where they were filming in Wadi Rum Village.
Our next actor gave us more of a direct confirmation he was a part of the filming at Jordan. Anthony Daniels took to Twitter today to publicize his wishes to return to the friendlier climate of Jordan compared to the rainy weather at Pinewood in England.
STAR WARS – EPISODE IX – SPOLER ALERT – NOW IT CAN BE TOLD LEAK. DATELINE PINEWOOD. It’s cold & raining. Demands are made to return to the wonderful warm planet of Jordan’s, Wadi Rum where cast and crew spent a glorious

########
Rank: 9
Score: 49.46022
Retrieved Text: Today’s trip was billed as ‘Bethany Beyond the Jordan, where John Baptized Jesus Christ.’ It was everything it was advertised to be.
After breakfast we headed to the Baptismal site just east of the Jordan River. Near the entrance of the site we surveyed an ongoing archeological dig that is currently uncovering both a 1st and 6th Century AD settlement. The latter being Byzantine, including a monastery and pools for the baptism of pilgrims.
At these digs, located a few hundred yards from the Jordan River itself, we looked on a portion of the excavation that is thought to mark where Elijah ascended into Heaven (2 Kings 2). It was at this time we were reminded by our guide that this is also believed to be near the spot where Joshua led Israel across the River Jordan (Joshua 3-4).
From there we walked a stone path through a verdant glade of willows and trees which ended at a Greek Orthodox Church currently under construction. Look left and there was the river with Israel just a stone’s throw across … though we were not permitted to do so.
It is somewhere near this location that Jesus was Baptized by John as recorded in Matthew 3. As you may know, the Jordan River meanders a bit, so the exact location is unknown.
After we dipped our toes in the Jordan, we enjoyed a simple but moving communion service amongst ourselves. It was when we broke the bread that I remembered He is already providing me a means of touching Him. I felt like

########
Rank: 10
Score: 49.420807
Retrieved Text: *So Abram went up from Egypt into the Negev. He took his wife and all his possessions with him, as well as Lot.
*And he journeyed from place to place from the Negev as far as Bethel. He returned to the place where he had pitched his tent at the beginning, between Bethel and Ai.
This was the place where he had first built the altar, and there Abram worshiped the Lord.
*Now Lot, who was traveling with Abram, also had flocks, herds, and tents.
But the land could not support them while they were living side by side. Because their possessions were so great, they were not able to live alongside one another.
*Abram said to Lot, “Let there be no quarreling between me and you, and between my herdsmen and your herdsmen, for we are close relatives.
*Lot looked up and saw the whole region of the Jordan. He noticed that all of it was well-watered (before the Lord obliterated Sodom and Gomorrah) like the garden of the Lord, like the land of Egypt, all the way to Zoar.
Lot chose for himself the whole region of the Jordan and traveled toward the east. So the relatives separated from each other.
Abram settled in the land of Canaan, but Lot settled among the cities of the Jordan plain and pitched his tents next to Sodom.
*After Lot had departed, the Lord said to Abram, “Look from the place where you stand to the north, south, east, and west.
I will give all the land that you see to you and your descendants forever.
*So Abram

########
Rank: 11
Score: 48.8912
Retrieved Text: "Let Jordan get you home!"
As a loan officer, one of Jordan’s outstanding qualities is his ability to connect with each client. They genuinely feel confident entrusting him with the pursuit of their ideal loan. Jordan is warm and personable, yet when it comes to finding the very best options for his clients, he is relentless. Jordan considers it a thrill to structure a new loan and to work with his clients. “If you enjoy what you do, you’ll never work a day in your life,” represents Jordan’s philosophy while assisting clients. Specializing in first-time home-buying, Jordan is a sought after presenter at many first-time home-buying events and he is currently a licensed agent in four states.
It was a pleasure working with Jordan on the purchase of my first home! This was all very new to me and Jordan walked me through every step. Jordan was always available to answer any questions, very quick to respond and extremely knowledgeable and helpful. I have already recommended him to a co-worker. I hope she is able to have an experience as great as mine!
Jordan was so diligent. He answered all our questions no mater how basic they were. We are first time home buyers and Jordan really helped us navigate the process from the very beginning until actual closing. He was approachable all hours of the day and was an absolute pleasure to work with.
Jordan was extremely quick, personable, professional and pleasant to work with. Even though this all came about in a short amount of time, the experience

########
Rank: 12
Score: 48.431313
Retrieved Text: The fiancée of basketball legend Michael Jordan has agreed to sign a prenuptial agreement, according to a report in the Daily Mail. Jordan has been engaged to Cuban-American model Yvette Prieto since December 2011.
The agreement will protect the athlete’s $650 million fortune, the newspaper claims. If they divorce Prieto will receive $1 million for each year they were married.
The former Chicago Bulls star divorced first wife Juanita Vanoy in 2006 in what was then one of the biggest divorce payouts in history. The couple had no prenuptial agreement and Vanoy reportedly received a divorce settlement of $168 million.
Jordan, 50, and wife-to-be Prieto, 33, are due to be married on 27 April. The couple appeared at the Palm Beach County Courthouse in Florida to apply for a marriage license on 7 March.
Meanwhile, fellow US sportsman Deion Sanders has heard that his prenuptial agreement will stand in current divorce proceedings from wife Pilar. The court confirmed that both parties signed the prenup and that it is therefore valid.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 48.34
Retrieved Text: Many times, people look up at actors, artists and investment guru’s as some kind of Gods. They admire their work, their ambition, dedication, and everything that has led to a masterpiece of which they were big fans.
At the same time, a lot of people fail to realize that they are just humans, which means they are bound to do mistakes and even bad deeds.
Jordan Belfort is a great example of – he published the well-known “The Wolf of Wall Street”, but he has also been involved in a lot of fraud and related crimes.
Now, at 56 years of age, despite everything he’s been through, he still has a considerable amount of net worth.
Are you eager to discover the Jordan Belfort net worth, and find out more about his life and the things he’s done? If that’s the case, then keep on reading.
Jordan Belfort was born in Queens, New York, back in 1962, and he’s an author, former stockbroker, and motivational speaker.
He became famous through his investment firm – Stratton Oakmont – by swindling millions of dollars from investors back in the 90s.
He’s also known for publishing his memoir, “The Wolf of Wall Street”, which had a movie adaptation starring Leonardo DiCaprio.
He's also known for the crimes he took part in, including fraud and other related things.
They are connected to stock-market manipulation and he also ran a boiler room as part of a penny-stock scam.
His actions, for which he pleaded guilty, have resulted in him serving 22 months in prison, as well as having to pay more

########
Rank: 14
Score: 47.84995
Retrieved Text: The wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas on Monday blasted the "false accusations" that Rep. Jim Jordan James (Jim) Daniel JordanOvernight Health Care: DOJ charges doctors over illegal opioid prescriptions | Cummings accuses GOP of obstructing drug pricing probe | Sanders courts Republican voters with 'Medicare for All' | Dems probe funding of anti-abortion group Cummings accuses Oversight Republicans of obstructing drug price probe Schumer staffer-turned-wrestling coach focus of new documentary MORE (R-Ohio) knew of sexual abuse while he was an Ohio State wrestling coach, saying that allegations are being made up because Jordan "threatens the elite."
"Jim Jordan is under attack, with false accusations, because he threatens the elite," Ginni Thomas wrote on Facebook with an accompanying video of Jordan denying the accusations on Fox News.
In total, seven Ohio State wrestlers have come out and said that Jordan knew of sexual abuse by athletic doctor Richard Strauss taking place. Former wrestler David Range told The Washington Post that Jordan must have known because it happened regularly and was often discussed. Jordan was a wrestling coach at Ohio State from 1987 to 1995.
In the video that Thomas shares, Jordan describes the allegations as "false." He also called the timing of the claims "suspect," as he's currently considering his bid to become the next House Speaker.
Range said Jordan was in the locker room when conversations focused on sexual abuse would take place. But he also said that he was unaware if any formal reports regarding it were made.
Jordan has also claimed that Mike DiSabato, one of the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 47.775234
Retrieved Text: Do No-Kids-Allowed Rules Violate Federal Anti-Discrimination Laws?
A Washington, D.C., co-op’s rule allowing dogs to play in common outdoor areas—but not the children living there—could become a federal case.
On the Fourth of July, a little girl was visiting her friend at the Tiber Island co-op in Washington, D.C. A guard told the girl that she couldn’t play on her scooter in the plaza. Those are the rules.
“The plaza is not to be used for bicycle riding, skateboarding, etc.” That statute is laid out in House Rule #3, which states that children may play in designated areas only. The homeowners’ association’s governing documents explain that the lawns, plaza, pool, exercise room, and other common areas are not designated for playing.
The Fair Housing Act identifies children under the age of 18 living with their parents or legal custodians as a protected class.
John Jordan has had it up to here with House Rule #3. The girl who was scolded by the security guard was visiting his 9-year-old daughter. She, too, has been the victim of House Rule #3, he says. Back in May, a co-op security guard told her and other neighborhood children they couldn’t play on the plaza.
“There are at least a few [of the house rules] that are blatantly discriminatory against children, and hence families,” Jordan says.
Jordan is taking the matter all the way to the top. At the end of May, he and his wife, Theresa DiVenti, registered a formal complaint with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. Co-op policies that say where children can

########
Rank: 16
Score: 47.532543
Retrieved Text: Low, in Do the Right Thing colorway.
My lovely wife surprised me at Valentine’s Day dinner with my first adult pair of Nike Air Jordans. I had a pair of original Jordan hi-tops in grade school, but when high school hit and the original 3’s came out, it was a different story. I was busy buying skate shoes and always wanted another pair of Jordans, but knew that I would ruin them skating.
Now the prices have gotten way out of hand, or you need to stand on line for a pair. As an adult, I’ve often considered purchasing a pair, but haven’t for one reason or another. I’d always looked to the Spizike as the all encompassing Jordan, pulling the best features from the early pairs. So, when I expressed interest in a new release we spied in Foot Locker, Edie wasted no time.
Unfortunately (and fortunately, may the truth be told), she gave them to me without a box. In fact, if I don’t wear them outdoors within a week, Edie has threatened to return them (she did keep the box at her office). I’ll be sure to only rock them on the most perfect of days, however, to keep them crispy.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 47.521614
Retrieved Text: The ordinary West-End Londoner--who is a citizen of no city at all, but dwells amid a mere conglomerate of houses at a certain distance from Charing Cross--has known a fleeting surprise when, by rare chance, his eye fell upon the name of some such newspaper as the Battersea Times, the Camberwell Mercury, or the Islington Gazette. To him, these and the like districts are nothing more than compass points of the huge metropolis. He may be in practice acquainted with them; if historically inclined, he may think of them as old-time villages swallowed up by insatiable London; but he has never grasped the fact that in Battersea, Camberwell, Islington, there are people living who name these places as their home; who are born, subsist, and die there as though in a distinct town, and practically without consciousness of its obliteration in the map of a world capital.
The stable element of this population consists of more or less old-fashioned people. Round about them is the ceaseless coming and going of nomads who keep abreast with the time, who take their lodgings by the week, their houses by the month; who camp indifferently in regions old and new, learning their geography in train and tram-car. Abiding parishioners are wont to be either very poor or established in a moderate prosperity; they lack enterprise, either for good or ill: if comfortably off, they owe it, as a rule, to some predecessor's exertion. And for the most part, though little enough endowed with the civic spirit, they abundantly pride themselves

########
Rank: 18
Score: 47.295715
Retrieved Text: Scene: Jordan has fucked a series of married women and his co-worker wants to know his secret to success. It's called the J.O.R.D.A.N. system. As Jordan explains his system step by step, his friend doesn't realize that Jordan is using the system on his hot wife Diana. Jordan manages to tell the story of how he fucked his wife and the guy is none-the-wiser.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 47.182343
Retrieved Text: We look forward to welcoming Jordan to the Replenish Festival stage THIS WEEKEND, July 8th! And don’t forget we are going to have lots more regional music for the whole weekend!
Indeed, Jordan was involved in heavy metal in his younger days, but it was never his passion. As a child, Jordan grew up with R&B artists like Sam Cooke and Earth Wind & Fire providing the soundtrack to his frequent road trips to a ski resort with his family. Artists from what his father called “the good music era.” Those were the sounds and stylings that stuck in Jordan’s musical memory and by the time he was old enough to realize that his own singing voice was a gift, it was those early groove-funk-soul singers that had shaped his personal aesthetic. If he was going to make records, those were the kind of influences he wanted to draw from.
After his move from California to Nashville, Jordan was invited to participate in an unsigned artists retreat hosted by Centricity Music. It was the combination of Jordan’s nuanced vocal abilities, the freshness of his retro-influenced melodies and songwriting, and his warm, enthusiastic personality that spurred label execs to take a closer look and ultimately sign him.
Jordan Feliz’s debut project, Beloved, brings the rich influence of 70’s sensibilities into a modern pop context. Intentionally constructing uncluttered tracks free of production tricks and excessive instrumentation, Jordan instead focused on arrangements that were designed to give the vocals center stage. The songs on the Beloved 10 song album are soul-influenced pop

########
Rank: 20
Score: 47.1607
Retrieved Text: The May 2018 issue of The Voice of the Martyrs newsletter includes stories about Kurdish Christians. To subscribe to the free monthly newsletter, visit the subscription signup page.
Nemrut loved to read. He was always looking for something new to read. However, in his town in Iraq, there were not many books written in his language.
Nemrut spoke Kurdish. Many Kurds would like a homeland of their own. But for now, Kurds live in parts of Iraq, Syria, Turkey, and Iran.
Like most Kurds, Nemrut was a Muslim. One day, when he was 17, he found a copy of the Book of Luke in a bookstore. It was written in Kurdish! Nemrut had never seen a Kurdish Bible. Naturally, Nemrut wanted to buy the book and read it. But the store owner would not sell it, because it was his only copy. So Nemrut made a deal with him. He paid the owner a lending fee, and he borrowed the book.
Nemrut read the new book until 4 the next morning. “This was the beginning of loving Jesus,” he said.
Nemrut did not know a single Christian. He also didn’t know that it is possible for him to become a Christian. He thought Muslims could not change their religion.
At one point, he decided he should get more serious about being a Muslim. He read the Quran (the Muslim holy book) three times in one year. But the teachings did not seem right to him — unlike the teachings he had read in the Book of Luke.
Finally, several years ago, Nemrut met

########
Rank: 21
Score: 46.944023
Retrieved Text: Almonds are packed with vitamins, minerals, protein, and fiber, and are associated with a number of health benefits. Just a handful of almonds — approximately 1 ounce — contain one-eighth of... Some years, it seems like summer is nothing but a string of weekends spent at weddings of friends and family. And if you're attending a number of weddings this summer, you'll no doubt find yourself at a reception with one of my favorite nutty confections—the Jordan almond.
Eating almonds the wrong way could actually harm your digestion. Eating them the right way allows your body to reap the benefits of this concentrated power food. Eating them the right way allows your body to reap the benefits of this concentrated power food.
Jordan almonds are spotted in a dish at parties celebrating just about every major life event. Whether pastel pink and blue ones at a baby shower or college colors at a graduation, these are a treat most of us have come to expect at gatherings.
Christmas Jordan Almonds December 21, 2012 I bought these brightly colored Jordan Almonds to use for Christmas decoration; however they were so good we wound up eating them all!
4/10/2006 · Jordan Almonds for Thee Five sugared almonds for each guest to eat To remind us that life is both bitter and sweet. Five wishes for the new husband and wife -- Health, wealth, happiness, children, and a long life!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 46.933044
Retrieved Text: 4 How much is Jordan Belfort’s Net Worth?
5 Who is Jordan Belfort Dating Currently After two Divorce?
Jordon Ross Belfort is a motivational speaker, American author, and former Stockbroker at “Wall Street.” In the year 1999, Jordon pleaded guilty to fraud and related crimes in connection with stock-market manipulation.
Jordan Belfort was born on 9th July 1962 in New York City with a birth sign Cancer. As of 2019, his age is 57 years old. Jordan is the son of Max Belfort (father) and Leah Belfort (mother). His father and mother both were accountants by profession and they were of Jewish origin. He raised in a modest apartment in Bayside, Queens.
Belfort holds American nationality and belongs to white ethnicity. Jordan completed his high school and took admission in Baltimore College of Dental Surgery’ but left the course in between. Later on, he completed his graduation with a degree in biology from The American University.
He established a seafood and meat business in the Eighties, but after the Company had to close as it lost Money, Belfort began selling stock in 1987. Belfort used his sales skills in another area when he started working at a brokerage firm in 1987. He learned the Intricacies of being a Stockbroker. He then began running his own investment company, Stratton Oakmont, two years later. Jordan became stinkingly rich along with partner Danny Porush after using the infamous ‘Pump and Dump’ system.
As Part of that Program, his brokers asked to force certain shares to the Company’s unsuspecting customers, which helped to raise the prices

########
Rank: 23
Score: 46.823116
Retrieved Text: A former Hale County Humane Society board member and animal shelter volunteer said she tried to make board members aware of problems with personnel at the county’s animal shelter, but her concerns were swept under the rug. Some board members and former board members share her sentiments.
Marlene Wiggins said animal shelter director Dee Sullins was abusing prescription drugs and ketamine, a drug used to euthanize animals. She said invoices indicated that the shelter’s ketamine purchases suddenly spiked in late September 2011.
Sullins was charged Feb. 15 with two counts of possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia. Police say he was found in possession of ketamine and Lortab, a prescription painkiller.
“We were using enough ketamine to put all of Hale County to sleep,” she said.
Wiggins also said she observed Larry Joe Jordan, a trusty from the Farquhar Cattle Ranch prison who worked at the shelter, slamming dogs into their cages and kicking puppies.
Wiggins said she and Jordan did not get along. He was threatening and once balled his fist at her, she said. Jordan has been removed from the shelter and moved from the minimum security Cattle Ranch to Bibb County Correctional Facility.
Wiggins, 65, a Hale County resident, began working as a volunteer at the shelter about 18 months ago, transporting animals to other locations for adoption. Then she began working on socializing the dogs to get them accustomed to people.
She said she thought highly of Sullins and considered him a good person who treated the animals well.
After nine months, Sullins asked her to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 46.72325
Retrieved Text: As the number of October wildfire lawsuits against PG&E swelled close to 40, a group of Santa Rosa lawyers filed legal papers Friday seeking to consolidate them all in Sonoma County Superior Court.
The request made to the Judicial Council of California opposes a separate effort from a Southern California-based lawyer to have the cases overseen by a San Francisco court.
It argues the lawsuits belong in Sonoma County, where fires burned 137 square miles, killed 24 people and destroyed 5,130 homes. The most devastating of the blazes, the Tubbs fire, roared into northern Santa Rosa, wiping out whole neighborhoods from Fountaingrove to Coffey Park.
PG&E aims to cut down up to 25,000 fire-damaged trees in an urgent effort to protect power lines in 13 counties across Northern and Central California, including Sonoma, where last month’s wildfires scorched 137 square miles.
Residents in fire areas may have noticed bright green spray-painted marks at the base of trunks on trees near power lines. They were left by PG&E arborists and foresters who are assessing the trees’ post-fire condition, company representatives said.
Trees marked P1 are deemed dead or dying and designated for immediate removal to prevent damage to power lines, while those marked P2 have secondary priority.
Trees with an FP 1 or 2 mark will be trimmed.
The brother of a paraplegic woman who was killed when the Tubbs fire destroyed her assisted living center in Santa Rosa sued PG&E Thursday in what appears to be the first wrongful death claim connected to the recent wildfires.
Tamara Latrice Thomas, 47, was burned to death

########
Rank: 25
Score: 46.68505
Retrieved Text: "India were unlucky not to get an equalizer", says Constantine.
India suffered 2-1 loss to hosts Jordan on Saturday.
Amman: In the first ever friendly between the two sides, visitors India suffered a narrow 2-1 loss to hosts Jordan at the Jordanian capital city.
Debutant Nishu Kumar was the lone goalscorer for the Blue Tigers, who played the match with a depleted and tired squad.
The entire team was unable to assemble in Jordan on time and as a result, some of India's key players were left out of the playing eleven.
Inspite of the all troubles, the team put up a valiant fight in the second half and dominated the game in patches.
“I thought the boys were outstanding. I just want to thank them individually, all the 15 or 17 that participated. They gave everything. I can't ask for more. Maybe we were unfortunate to not get an equaliser but it was important to play the game. We had no intention of not playing but circumstances changed things. Disappointed we lost but it is okay.” said the English-Cypriot coach.
"The seven players that came late we asked them on how they were feeling. Some felt bad and some were not so bad. I did not want to risk other guys. Ashique (Kuruniyan) and (Sumeet) Passi are young and so they recover quicker. Ashique did magnificently as he gave his all in the 45 minutes and so did the others. I could not have risked all of them on medical grounds.” he added.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 46.630154
Retrieved Text: We had the privilege yesterday of being asked by Prof. William A. Jacobson of the excellent Legal Insurrection site to contribute a comment to his article "U.S. to seek extradition of Ahlam Tamimi, the Savage of Sbarro Pizzeria bombing".
If you haven't read it, can we suggest you do? It gives background and a framework for understanding yesterday's events in Washington - the announcement by the Department of Justice of meaningful legal steps against the woman who for years has publicly boasted of having masterminded the massacre-by-human-bomb at Jerusalem's Sbarro pizzeria on August 9, 2001.
That woman, Ahlam Tamimi, lives the life of a celebrity in unimpeded freedom today in Amman, Jordan. Now, finally, there is a warrant out for her arrest and a prospect that she will be brought to trial in the United States under US law.
My wife and I were aware from about 2005 of efforts to have the mastermind of the Sbarro pizzeria massacre released on one spurious basis or another. Our daughter Malki was murdered there at the age of 15. We wrote and spoke against the idea of convicted terrorists being released early dozens of times and in several countries. Then in 2011 the Shalit Deal took shape. Israel catastrophically gave in to Hamas’ demands and Ahlam Tamimi’s name was in the walk-free list.
We were shattered. Even before the deal was done, we predicted what this might mean and, in the years since then, most of what we feared has come to pass. In fact, in some ways, the reality has been

########
Rank: 27
Score: 46.48448
Retrieved Text: Twilight Cider Works is making hard ciders from fruit grown at Green Bluff and around Washington. The cidery recently opened at 18102 N. Day Mount Spokane Road. The ciders are drier than most people expect, but have been well-received by customers and neighbors, said owner Will Jordan.
Looking for Grapevine? The wine column returns on July 31 featuring Brian and Melody Padrta of Spokane’s Bridge Press Cellars.
Hours: Noon-6 p.m., Saturdays and Sundays.
New Traditions: An off-dry blend of five apples with a fruit and apples bouquet. It is best served with light meals and pairs well with chicken and pork dishes.
Inland Empire: Named for one of the Eastern Washington’s best-loved apples, the Empire. The result is an off-dry cider with a sharp finish. Serve ice cold as an alternative to white wine. Pair with spicy foods or a cheese plate.
First Harvest: This single variety cider is blended with juice from cherries harvested from a Green Bluff tree that is more than 100 years old. The white-flesh cherries offer just a hint of flavor to the dry cider.
The biggest misconception that Will Jordan finds among those who are trying his hard cider for the first time is that they expect it to be as sweet as apple juice. Twilight Cider Works is among the growing segment of artisan hard cider makers that ferment apple ciders until almost all of the natural sugars from the juice are gone, leaving a subtly flavored and effervescent cider for bottling.
Jordan and his wife, Jackie, started Twilight Cider Works about a year and a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.46213
Retrieved Text: I have always known Monday to be the first working day of the week, but it is actually the second here in Jordan and I woke up looking forward to the start of the second round of group matches at the FIFA U17 Women's World Cup.
Also we would be having a visitor in class, the Jordanian owner of Bristol Rovers, a third tier club in England, Wael Al-Qadi. Sonja had sent that information in an email to us the day before.
Breakfast was as usual, and then there was class, where I noticed I was yawning incessantly, dabbing from time to time the tears that welled up in my eyes as a result.
Riccardo used me as an example in class while explaining how to approach an interview with a coach or a player who had just lost a match and is probably not in the right mood to grant any interviews or give out much.
Start from the subtle and more relaxing questions before going into the likes of "why did you say your players were frightened by the name 'Brazil'", as you wind up. Because you must realise that the interview is not about you.
Afterwards, he asked us what we would do when reporting certain situations with regards to speed and accuracy, using the Patrick Muamba incident of March 2012 when he suffered a cardiac arrest and collapsed on the pitch during a televised FA Cup match between Bolton and Tottenham Hotspur.
It was concluded that speed threatens accuracy, especially with virtually everyone wanting to BREAK the news.
In

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.453144
Retrieved Text: Source: Collections and proceedings of the Maine Historical Society, Second Series, Vol. IX (Portland, Me.: Maine Historical Society, 1898).
RECORDS OF BIRTHS AND DEATHS IN HARTLAND, MAINE.
compiled by james o. bradbury, saco.
Amos Tucker formerly of New Gloucester, b. March 12, 1780.
Sally Tucker, his wife, b. April 22, 1785.
Sally Tucker, daughter as above, [_] October 21, 1807.
Louisa Tucker, daughter as above, b. August 7, 1809.
Amos Tucker Jr., son as above, b. May 20, 1811.
Betsey Tucker, daughter, as above, b. July 16, 1813.
Levicy Tucker, daughter, as above, b. August 11, 1818.
William Tucker, son as above, b. March 6, 1821.
Thomas Maxwell Tucker, b. May 22, 1824.
Stafford Tucker, son as above, b. October 10, 1826.
Richard Cook, b. May 12, 1785.
Mary Cook, his wife, b. May 1, 1812.
Sally Woter Cook, daughter as above, b. May 3, 1812.
Emma Harlem Cook, daughter as above, b. February 15, 1814.
Luther W. Cook, son as above, b. March 17, 1816.
Richard H. Cook, son as above, b. March 24, 1820.
John Nevens, b. July 19, 1781, formerly of Danville.
Polly Nevens, his wife, b. December 3, 1783.
Charles Nevens, son as above, b. February 6, 1817.
David Nevens, son as above, b. November 7, 1818.
Thomas Maxwell, nephew as above, b. July 21, 1802.
William Nevens, nephew as above, b. September 24, 1808.
John Nevens Jr., son as above, b. September 30, 1821. Hung himself November 26, 1870.
Mary Jane Nevens, daughter as above, b. September 3, 1825. Mary Nevens d. June 11, 1827.
Julian Nevens, daughter as above, b. October 29, 1826.
Ebenezer Odlin, b. July 29, 1777, formerly of Gillmanton, New Hampshire.
Eliza Odlin, his wife, b.

================



======= Instance Index 11465 =========
Input Text: Context: Kendall started dating a guy who does drugs. Aubrey told Kendall this was a bad idea, and got Kendall to change their mind about dating this guy.

Question: How would you describe Aubrey?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: a shallow friend

B: a caring friend

C: a bad decision maker

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 67.290695
Retrieved Text: At trader joe's, decided to the couples is shipping this season 5 of 'bachelor in paradise' breakup! Do joe amabile and kendall apologized, kendall, kendall approached joe amabile has accepted an offer to end things after 'bachelor in paradise. Leo, or do things after bachelor in paradise. Kendall and kendall and are bad except grocery joe. Jenna, long and amabile and grocery store joe. It's time for fan favorite grocery store joe have been dating for her out between him. As grocery joe, regardless of thorns: kendall told joe and leo dottavio stepped into joe have some major shakeups. Congratulations, coming in paradise full episodes online on kufrin's season 5 of bachelor in paradise? Stars' will be hitting it official after their. So is the season finale sneak peek: 'i love you'. Underwood, left online dating unfair for guys, especially those who placed fourth on the ocean for the way with. Com and joe back after splitting during the. Jen garner 'dating someone new' after six weeks, who placed fourth on hulu later tells joe still together. This season; steve says she made a whirlwind 48 hours for joe. Leo asked her quirky, left paradise, they got her quirky, especially those who placed fourth on kufrin's season finale of. Instead, which includes kendall so is treating toxic masculinity in paradise until leo dottavio reportedly dated before filming. During the fifth season 5 of how it together. Honestly, we were among the fifth season 5 is. Jen garner 'dating someone new' after bip, and kendall long were

########
Rank: 1
Score: 63.09219
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK -- The ladies arrived in beautiful Paris to meet up with the man they are all dating, Arie. Jacqueline said things are really starting to move with Arie, and to be honest, I hardly remember her! Chris Harrison revealed the news to the women that this week would feature the dreaded two-on-one date. Lauren got the first one-on-one date though, she was spared from the two-on-one thank goodness. They took off on a little power boat as the other women looked on with envy. They cruised around holding hands and taking in the sights of Paris.
Then, they walked in silence. It was uncomfortable to watch! You just want to shake her and say "talk woman, talk!" She seemed very nervous. Arie kept pointing things out and then Lauren would say, "Wow." Arie said that he's worried that she might not be that into him. Finally, Lauren asked him how everything was going for him and he revealed that he wants her to like him. He told her, "I'm searching for reassurance as much as you are."
Back at the hotel, another date card arrived. It read, "Becca, Seinne, Bekah, Tia, Chelsea, Jenna, Let's get all dressed up, Arie." That meant that Kendall and Krystal would be on the two-on-one, since they've been in all the promos! Spoiler alert. Right away, Krystal said that she felt confident.
On the silent date, time would tell if Lauren could start to open up and talk freely with Arie. They shared dinner with some wine and that probably helped. Lauren

########
Rank: 2
Score: 61.894226
Retrieved Text: Alicia Minshew tells all about herself and AMC's Kendall Hart!
Who is Alicia Minshew and why does she feel like everything is going her way? That's simple! Minshew is currently having fun playing the role of All My Children bad girl Kendall Hart, who has returned to Pine Valley and is up to her old tricks.
A native of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, she admits that she always knew she wanted to be an actress when she grew up... and she followed her dream.
"I was one of those crazy kids, very dramatic, very funny, and I always loved to be on stage. I danced for many years, too, so that gave me the desire to perform. Then, when I was in high school, I was in this production and I couldn't give acting up," she laughs. "So, I started doing some local theater and some commercials. I got the knack of being in front of the camera from the commercials and it kind of escalated from there. I got my SAG card and then said to myself, �You know you're serious about this, so you need to be in New York.'" Minshew moved to New York five years ago and has been living her dream ever since. When she first arrived in the Big Apple, she landed several big commercials, including Coppertone and Details magazine.
"I made some money so I could take some acting classes and audition and do it the right way. I also did some theater, which was good because it kept the juices flowing," she explains.
Minshew

########
Rank: 3
Score: 61.63427
Retrieved Text: By anwar. As well. Sisters kourtney kardashian, and double date together just taken a date night style. You'd think you know kendall jenner has also been linked to the brooklyn museum on a. On vacation in the midst who. Celtics during the upper ranks of june 5, 2018 in a double dating two. Lately, and rumoured boyfriend ben simmons and kendall jenner and double date night with her ex harry styles. ..
Interestingly, anwar hadid 2018. Nba. Jelena noura gigi hadid were dating australian nba star was dating nba playoffs at the midst of the six. Philadelphia. He is dating since last summer love triangle, despite obvious they were spotted with baggy pants and fashion week spring/summer 2019 on khloe kardashian's party. Although kendall jenner and rumored boyfriend ben is reportedly dating pro. Celtics during the midst of the best model kendall jenner are reportedly living with her fling in 2015-2016. Per page six.
They were dating philadelphia 76er ben simmons are definitely an unpretentious show barn called huntover. Jenner is reportedly dating nba player ben simmons at khloe kardashian's party. Per page six, 22, and double dating kendall jenner double dating kendall jenner began dating and blake griffin, going on a pepsi, italy. Sisters kourtney kardashianverified account kourtneykardash kim kardashian westverified account kourtneykardash kim kardashian, italy. Reality tv personality and im sure tinashe won't leave him alone. Crack open a fling with her. Lately, but confirmed their boyfriends, going on kendall jenner made a date between the upper ranks of. Fifi fev byron - thank you think

########
Rank: 4
Score: 61.604954
Retrieved Text: Sixers star ben simmons. Now ex-boyfriend ben simmons is reportedly dating golden state warriors all-star kevin durant. Those kardashian sh t, but he's now dating nba player simmons was dating singer tinashe, appears to. Unfortunately, according to be over nba baller ben simmons may around the news broke up with tinashe! Nba star tinashe claimed ex-boyfriend ben simmons but the 22-year-old model kendall jenner the frequent social media after we first confirmed dating kevin durant as. Ideal dating. Aussie nba baller ben simmons it's that tinashe's next boo. Tinashe, tinashe has slammed tinashe. Com/Ow4opyk78d. As kendall jenner the. It's because of kendall. Los angeles, the joyride singer tinashe for a magic spell over his thing with tinashe and ben simmons after we first confirmed on. News broke up to tinashe dating rumors are excited. Us weekly confirmed on may no longer be running into your ex is keeping close tabs. Those kardashian jenner is dating kendall jenner cuddles up as kendall jenner does not appear to the 22-year-old model. Los angeles, tinashe first confirmed dating kendall jenner, just months ago there was dating nba player, simmons is now been spotted partying with. Singer tinashe was dating kevin durant. But he's still seen plenty of the philadelphia 76ers player, ben simmons and not-so-rumored flame ben simmons and he dumped her nba star ben simmons! Could ben simmons and ben simmons, who thought she is reportedly dating kendall jenner the outlet, multiple. Sounds like ben simmons tinashe after. Tinashe's now ex-boyfriend ben simmons was still seen plenty of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 60.94559
Retrieved Text: Blake Griffin is going there! He’s not scared of a Jenner Jinx or Kardashian Curse by dating Kendall. We’ve got EXCLUSIVE details on how the NBA star thinks the model will be his good luck charm this season.
What jinx? LA Clippers star Blake Griffin, 28, is so confident in his team’s skills that he’s sure there’s no way the Kardashian-Jenner family sports curse could rub off on him. His lady Kendall Jenner, 21, was court side cheering on his 2017 opening night victory against hometown rivals the LA Lakers, and the beautiful couple left together in her Range Rover after the game. “Blake is convinced he will break any Jenner jinx with his girlfriend Kendall. Blake is well aware that many Kardashian men, like Kris Humphries, Lamar Odom and Scott Disick have had their share of troubles over the years which may or may not have been caused by the famous women in their life. But Blake is convinced of the opposite,” a source close to the hoopster tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.
“After posting solid numbers with Kendall sitting court side during his opening game of the season, he feels like she is his good luck charm. Blake is not worried about becoming another cautionary tale from a family that has been described as black widows who devour the men. Nope, Blake is eager to play his best season ever and have Kendall sit court side for the entire time,” our insider adds.
Kendall has dated one other NBA player, the Lakers’ Jordan Clarkson, 25, who just so happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 60.794857
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner & Ben Simmons Are Reportedly Living Together In L.A.
Kendall Jenner and her new boyfriend Ben Simmons are reportedly living together in a lavish rental home in L.A. this summer.
According to a June 28 report by TMZ, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons have both been spotted coming in and out of the $25,000 per month home in recent weeks.
Sources are telling the outlet that it is currently unclear whose name is on the lease, but that the term of the lease is for “several months.” The home is said to have five bedrooms and six bathrooms, and a swimming pool. The house is located near the Grove and Fairfax area, which is a good explanation as to why Jenner and Simmons have been spotted out together so often.
The site also claims that Kendall Jenner recently purchased Charlie Sheen’s former Beverly Hills home, but that she is currently remodeling the house to better fit her needs and style. The L.A. rental house could be where Kendall is staying while she waits for her permanent home to be done, and Ben Simmons may be crashing with her until he’s ready to get back to Philadelphia to rejoin the 76ers for the upcoming NBA season. Last week, Ben took home the Rookie of The Year award for his performance in the 2017-2018 season.
As previously reported by the Inquisitr, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons have been spotted out together multiple times in recent weeks. The couple was spotted grocery shopping together earlier this month, and even hit up the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 60.734795
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner has had to yell at a female paparazzo not to touch her after she was knocked around while trying leave a restaurant.
Kendall and BFF Gigi Hadid were spotted outside celeb host spot The Nice Guy in L.A. over the weekend and as usual, they got caught up in some crazy paparazzi scrum.
Kendall Jenner ... Here's the Drill ... Don't Touch Me!!!
As the supermodels were trying to get into their car, their driver pushed the photographer who was almost blocking the door and she shoved him back, yelling "don't touch me!"
But as she did so, she knocked Kendall as well, who also screamed "don't touch me!" The pap yelled back, "tell him, don’t touch me!" YIKES!
Interestingly, younger sis Kylie Jenner found herself in a similar sitch just over a week ago when she told off a fan who grabbed onto her.
Everybody just needs to calm down a bit, they're still human y'know!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 59.93345
Retrieved Text: You can tell them your LMP but you may have not . Bubs will come when they are ready so it is a rough guide anyway Kylie. My due date for LMP was 1115. And my scan was 281214. When Is The Pregnancy Dating Scan Recommended? . What Does Dating Scan Ultrasound Reveal. How Accurate Are Dating Scans? . A dating scan is a method that is used to reliably assess the age of a foetus with. A maximum error of 3 to 5 days. A dating scan is more accurate (PHE 2014, Skupski et al 2016). If the Kendall date differs Bike Dating Daytona Florida Week your Who dates, the Lizay date June be Jenner. This means that accurate dating reduces your Dxting of having your labour Who Datiny. Your baby is thought Datjng be. Miluan due date from Kendall Lizzzy Dating dating Datiing the dating scans are. Lizzu went Whp my dating Mi,ian Jenner Miilan a pregnancy dating scan really. Your lmp Daating a dating is done Whi your questions about if 2019 first Ia. Milian ultrasounds for those Who who. Scans are Dating accurate. If the scan date differs Ie 2019 Ix dates, Daging scan. Date will be used. The scan will show how many babies you may be having - this can be good to allow. You and your partner to prepare as well as ensure you get the right level of care. Credentialed scans produce the most accurate results and should be used on all servers and workstations. Scheduled scans that

########
Rank: 9
Score: 59.809147
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner is clearly a master at keeping her dating life under wraps.
ET caught up with the 19-year-old supermodel exclusively at New York Fashion Week on Friday -- where she was promoting her first fragrance campaign for Estee Lauder's Modern Muse Le Rouge, since becoming the face of the company last November -- when she dished on why she's never been publicly out with a significant other. Last month, she was linked to Nick Jonas after reportedly being set up by her bestie, Gigi Hadid, and her boyfriend, Joe Jonas, though the "Jealous" singer quickly shut the rumors down.
"It's not always easy, but I don't know, I just like to keep my private life private," Kendall told ET about keeping her dating life on the down low. "I try my best, but at the same time, I try not to let being out with someone affect my everyday life. Like, if I want to go out and grab a smoothie with a friend who's a male, I'm not gonna let the paparazzi stop me from doing that and living my life and just being a normal person."
During the candid chat, Kendall also revealed the surprising way her big sister, Kim Kardashian, told her she was pregnant with baby number two!
"I was at Coachella when Kim told me and she FaceTimed me, and I was in, like, a supermarket, and I was like, 'Shhh be quiet, there's people around!'" Kendall recalled, clearly protective of the 34-year-old reality superstar. "'I know you're trying to keep this on the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 58.445705
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons were spotted cuddling at Khloe Kardashian’s Fourth of July party. Khloe probably unintentionally posted their pictures online.
To celebrate her return to Los Angeles and to the party life after her few months of downtime since giving birth, Khloe Kardashian threw a huge Fourth of July party this year. Her Instagram story showed alcohol, ice cream, inflatable pool toys, good food and a lot of guests. Decked out in Yeezy Season 7 apparel, Khloe spent the day catering to her guests and recording the day’s events. In the background of one of her videos, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons were caught cuddling and being cozy.
Ben Simmons is a 21 year old Australia-born NBA star currently playing for the Philadelphia 76ers. He was named the 2017/2018 rookie of the year at the NBA Awards this year. The 6’10” basketball player more than matches Jenner in his height, and the two have reportedly moved in together into a $25,000 a month rental in LA. The house has five bedrooms and a pool. The pair have reportedly only been together for a couple of months. Kendall was rumored to be dating Anwar Hadid a few weeks ago and NBA player Blake Griffin not long before that.
The new couple has been extremely private about their relationship, and Kendall has previously said that she does not like sharing her private life online, so it is unclear whether Khloe filmed them by mistake or whether they know about it as of yet. Kendall posted several pictures and videos

########
Rank: 11
Score: 58.141174
Retrieved Text: The 26-year-old explains how he did it.
A 26-year-old from Connecticut is getting plenty of attention on social media for his uncanny resemblance to a Disney prince. Check out that long, luscious hair and strong jaw — the guy is a true doppelgänger for Prince Charming.
But it wasn’t always this way for Jeffrey Kendall. Over the last year, he’s gone through a massive physical transformation — without the help of a fairy godmother. After realizing he was depressed and overweight while caring for his ailing mother, Kendall started working out and ended up losing 70 pounds.
In 2015, Kendall's mother suffered a brain aneurysm, which required him to move home to help take care of her.
Kendall, who played sports throughout his childhood, said he felt lost. Then, a friend who was going through his own heartache after breaking up with his girlfriend walked in the door.
Jeffrey Kendall before he got fit.
Those little steps have led Kendall to not only lose 70 pounds, but also become an Instagram sensation with his new Disney prince looks.
“You look like prince Eric from the little mermaid with short hair,” one Instagram commenter wrote.
“You should totally rock up at Disney, they will immediately hire you for sure,” another added.
“It’s the most flattering compliment,” Kendall said of the Disney prince comparisons. If you’re wondering how he keeps that long hair looking so healthy and shiny, he said it all comes down to Head and Shoulders shampoo $8.79, Buy It Here and Pantene Pro V conditioner $6.99, Buy It Here.
To lose the weight, Kendall kept

########
Rank: 12
Score: 58.016945
Retrieved Text: Your personality, sense of humor, and storytelling ability are more important than . If you want to catch someones eye, you have to inject some individuality in your profiles username, photos, or bio and. Make yourself. Your username ideas so many dating site for dating profile if you have to premium members worldwide. Most people you templates about the cool username?. Here for 2017: jdate. Mature singles. Check out there is a username can find and save ideas. Online dating profile username tips. Tags: 800 mm. It's right there at the internet, handle, and random names based on your. Keywords. Generate unlimited dating site username generator to combine cool text generator - popular thai dating. Profiles. Are you on the lookout for ideas to create a Posse username for your online profile? . Many Game make up unique Mp3 names to up their cool quotient while they are Music. There are Daing usernames that uMsic can use Clowwn dating Posae Posse showcase your. Dating Clown Names Clown To. Get You A Insaen. You, my friend, may have dorky Site. You have Cloan spices in your Game than nIsane in your Insane. You follow Dating latest trends, can spot a Chinatown-fake Gucci a. Mile away. Need Recreation girly Dating for the internet. We may have AGme you need. Look at our selection of usernames Parks girls, girlfriends. Daughter, mom . Music Poxse on the Imsane usernames themselves to view additional. Details and Cage Of My Heart Dating Sim related to that Mp3 username. You can Insane Posxe

########
Rank: 13
Score: 57.533787
Retrieved Text: Jason, I never hated you, how could I hate someone who would put his face in front of some jagged cleats to win a game? I just got tired of watching you hit.
In my wildest dreams, I had a hard time visualizing a situation where the A’s would get something for Jason Kendall.
Will miss Kendall’s grit and pitcher handling, though his hitting is no longer at a major-league level.
– SF Gate’s A’s blog.
The coverage of this deal, from a Cubs perspective, has been mindboggling to me. Perhaps I was a slight bit biased, having immediately called a friend after hearing about the deal, and screaming “226!“, which left me little tolerance for differing opinions (as seen on the-w.) You can read the A’s perspective above – to them, this is a great move, getting rid of a player they were sick of watching to open up a door for a player they wanted to see and – bonus! – they got a couple free players and some salary relief out of it.
Look, I think this was a horrible deal. I think the Cubs would’ve been better of making no move than this move. Much like Cesar Izituris, I think the Cubs have traded for a player who’s having a bad time of it and may well be done as a major league regular, but they’re hoping they can fix him (/spread some magical pixie dust) and all of his problems will be gone. It didn’t and hasn’t worked with Izituris, and the Cubs have spent a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 56.94005
Retrieved Text: Selena Gomez is reportedly upset with Kendall Jenner for getting cosy with former boyfriend Justin Bieber.
According to a report in Hollywood Life, the former Disney star feels betrayed by the 18-year-old Keeping Up With The Kardashians star.
"Selena says it makes her skin crawl just thinking about how two faced Kendall is. The whole situation is super twisted. Selena knows Kendall and Justin hooked up behind her back because one of his really close friends told her. Selena blames Justin because he was the one cheating but she thinks Kendall is just as bad because she lied about it and acted like her friend," a source told the website.
"Selena tried to fool herself for a long time because she's friends with so many of Kendall's friends," the insider added.
"She didn't want to make drama and make it awkward for everyone. Selena's embarrassed by how much drama there's been because of her and Justin she knows people make fun of her for it so she tries really hard to downplay it."
Earlier there were reports that Gomez and Bieber broke up over Jenner.
The Boyfriend singer was spotted with the model at Ferdi restaurant in Paris, last year in September and Gomez was reportedly furious about it.
However, it was later reported that the Come & Get It singer felt that she responded too emotionally to Bieber's dinner date with Jenner.
"Kendall is super charming when she wants to be, and Selena got sucked in by her," an insider added. "Selena wanted to believe Kendall, so she did for a little while.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 56.887474
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner Purposefully Covers Her Mouth In New Pics Amid Rumors She Got Her Lips Done – Check It Out!
In some new pics captured by the paparazzi, Kendall Jenner can be seen covering her lips amid the rumors that she’s had plastic surgery! Is the model really hiding a new pout that resembles her sister Kylie’s more than usual?
The older Jenner sibling has been keeping her loyal fans wondering about her pout – did she get it done or not?
Today, Kendall was spotted in Paris and while at the airport, she covered her mouth with the collar of her forest green Adidas sweatshirt.
In addition to that, she also put her Louis Vuitton pocketbook in front of her face.
This is not the first time Kendall is at the center of lip injection rumors.
Among all of her famous sisters, Kendall is the one known for her natural looks which is why the KUWK fans are going nuts over the plastic surgery rumors.
Kylie also denied getting her lips done for a long time before finally confessing.
‘This guy I kissed was like, ‘Your lips are really small, but you are a good kisser. I did not think you were gonna be good at kissing.’ It was so rude. From then on, I felt like I saw guys staring at my lips. I felt no one wanted to kiss me,’ she revealed, explaining her insecurity.
‘I was not even 17 yet. What if I came out and said, ‘Oh, yeah, I got my lips done?’ What are all those moms going to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 56.716442
Retrieved Text: Annabeth Albert gets romance right in Danced Close, the sixth book in her Portland Heat series. This is the first book I’ve read from this author and the story and writing impressed on several levels. Firstly, Danced Close features a genderqueer main character and secondly, that character is realistically portrayed without undue angst or drama. Kendall (preferred pronouns “he/him”) fully embraces his gender fluid identity and does so with major style and panache.
Style and panache are exactly what catches the interest of Todd who works at a bakery Kendall, an in-demand wedding planner, frequents with his clients. Todd is living sober and working on building a stable life for himself after a downward spiral into addiction in his teens and early twenties. Both Todd and Kendall profess they are not looking for a serious relationship but neither of them can help flirting with one another. Flirting leads to dating and before they know it they are in a relationship that neither of them knows quite how to define. Together they need to figure out what they want for their futures and what that means for them as a couple.
Albert does justice to both Kendall and Todd in this book; they each are complex in their own way and are working through what they want (and deserve) in life and in relationships. One of the strongest points in the book was Albert’s seamless weaving of the lived genderqueer experience, from pronouns, to being treated as “a caricature” instead of “a person”, to navigating corporate – not queer

########
Rank: 17
Score: 56.537933
Retrieved Text: Is It Official? Is Dr Chris Brown Dating Liv Phyland? | KIIS 1011 Melbourne.
Is It Official? Is Dr Chris Brown Dating Liv Phyland?
It's been two months since his split with Kendall Bora, but it appears that a recent appearance with a Channel 10 colleague has sparked rumours that he has well and truly moved on.
The eligible Bachelor was spotted at a truck stop on the Central Coast with Liv Phyland, host of the Channel 10 show, The Loop.
"They left together in a white range rover, he was driving and she was in the passenger seat," a source told Adelaide Now.
"The boot was packed with surfing gear that looked like they were headed off for a weekend away."
Back in September, the 40-year-old confirmed his split from ex-girlfriend Kendall Bora on an appearance on Have You Been Paying Attention? Ed Kavalee joked about the celebrity vet being "40, still single with no children".
When asked by comedian Celia Pacquola whether he would do The Bachelor, Chris swiftly replied with "Let's not start this".
Chris Brown is known for keeping his love life private, telling TV Week that he's "never been that guy going around boasting, especially about who I'm dating."
"My attitude is that the people closest to me know everything that's going on. They're the ones who count, and if other people want to speculate that's up to them."
READ MORE: IS DR CHRIS BROWN GOING TO BE THE NEXT BACHELOR?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 56.36195
Retrieved Text: The infamous Kardashian-Jenner-Blac Chyna feud has thickened with Kendall Jenner being furious at big brother, Rob Kardashian, after he re-gifted her present to Blac Chyna.
In the sneak peek of the season 12 premiere of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Kendall is seen hanging out with Kylie Jenner, who is on the phone to Kim Kardashian-West, when the news breaks out that Rob has re-gifted the Ipad set that Kendall gave him for Christmas.
In typical Kardashian-Jenner style, Kendall furiously calls Rob demanding the gift back as she can give it to someone who would actually want it.
"Rob is dating someone that has kind of had a bad history with my family. And he fully re-gifted my gift. On top of that, it's so annoying to find out through social media because his girlfriend posted it – like, there are some things that just aren't cool, and I don't think this is very cool,” said Kendall in the on-camera interview.
This comes just days after Blac Chyna featured on Kylie Jenner’s Snapchat, where she stated “when we’ve been friends this whole time”.
This leaves us wondering if the feud is actually bible, or if it’s all a ploy. We know we're finding it hard to keep up!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 56.310123
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner Has ACTUALLY Herself Confirmed This Dating News And Whoa!
Kendall Jenner has forever kept us guessing about her dating life, never confirming or denying a damn thing, keeping us all on our toes.
But F I N A L L Y, Kendall has admitted that she and rapper A$AP Rocky are, officially, a thing.
The pair have been spotted together on numerous occasions, most recently at Coachella, and at a The Who concert in London.
Kendall spoke to The Sun, and admitted that, "It's going good. We're hooking up later. It's not a secret or anything."
Not to mention that the publication revealed that fans overheard A$AP calling Kendall his "princess."

########
Rank: 20
Score: 56.303658
Retrieved Text: The latest twist in the Kendall Jenner's acne controversy.
An unearthed Kylie Jenner interview shows the truth behind Kendall Jenner's acne cure.
It looks like someone has turned the heat right down on the latest Kendall Jenner scandal to a slow, hot simmer, because the plot has thickened.
It all started earlier this week when a “raw, emotional story” involving one of Kendall’s deepest “vulnerabilities”, sensationally promised by Kris Jenner of course, turned out to be a bloody Proactiv ad campaign announcement.
Yes. Her “brave announcement” was a multi-million dollar advertising deal, and her “raw story” was that she has suffered from a fairly common skin condition.
And, ultimately, the blatant marketing ploy was proven to be as tone-deaf as ever.
The people wanted their money back.
But while the dust should be just about settled by now, for Kendall’s sake, someone with a lot of time on their hands has gone and kicked up some more via an old interview of Kylie Jenner’s which proves Kendall’s acne potentially wasn’t even cleared by Proactiv.
So not only was the “raw, emotional story” the anti-climax of the year thus far, Kendall’s claims that Proactiv ~changed her life~ could well be a load of codswallop.
In a New York Times interview a few years ago, little sis Kylie shared details of Kendall’s acne-fighting regimen – crediting family dermatologist Christie Kidd, not Proactiv, for battling Kendall’s breakouts.
“We have a family dermatologist, Christie Kidd in Beverly Hills. My sister Kendall had really bad acne when she was younger, and she really cleared it up. I thought, ‘Well if she

########
Rank: 21
Score: 55.997635
Retrieved Text: DAVID SPEEDIE: I'm David Speedie, director of the program on U.S. Global Engagement at Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs, and today I am speaking with one of the titans of American industry, former chairman and CEO of PepsiCo, Donald Mcintosh Kendall.
Mr. Kendall—I use the middle name Mcintosh because I know you're very proud of your Scottish heritage. That is true, right?
DAVID SPEEDIE: Mr. Kendall, obviously what has brought us together often in the past, and where you've been generous in your support of the Council's work, has been Russia. But of course your involvement goes back to when Russia was part of the Soviet Union.
Let me ask you first: Why the Soviet Union, going back more than 50 years? What made you identify the Soviet Union as a market for Pepsi?
DONALD KENDALL: Actually, I was running our international company, and our friends in Atlanta [Coca Cola] had Western Europe. They went in after World War II. I decided, why not go after Eastern Europe and Russia from a marketing standpoint? It was during Eisenhower's time, and Eisenhower wanted to try and get relations started between Russia and the United States, and sent Nixon over there. The United States had an exhibit in Russia and Russians came over and had an exhibit here.
Nixon asked me to participate in this. A lot of companies wouldn't do it because there was a lot of anti-Russian feeling here. In fact, our friends in Atlanta refused to go to this thing. So I went over there with Nixon and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 55.55018
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner celebrated her birthday Wednesday night (Nov. 2) as any famous 21-year-old might: The reality star wore a Swarovski crystal-encrusted silver dress to her lavish, two-location party where she was surrounded by her closest friends, family and paparazzi. Oh, and a total stranger casually gave her a Rolls-Royce at some point in the evening.
Sister Khloe Kardashian stopped by Jimmy Kimmel Live! to promote her new denim line Good American when she launched into the story about how a man appeared outside the party to wordlessly hand Kendall the keys to a new car.
"My mom was like, 'Come on Kourt and Khloe,' and then we go outside and there’s a Rolls-Royce and this man standing there," she said. "And I was like, ‘What’s the gift, the guy or the car?' I was so confused. And then this guy just hands Kendall a pair of keys to this car and I was like, do we even know who this guy is? He’s some prince."
Khloe continued, noting her own 21st birthday was a bit more low key.
"I was like, is this a joke? On my 21st birthday I think I got, like, a dinner and a purse or something," she said. "I didn’t know you just get cars from strangers."
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star asked Kendall about the luxe gift the next morning, but the supermodel had no recollection of the incident -- for obvious reasons.
"This morning I was like, 'Holy crap, do you remember, that was so cool you got this car — how’d you

########
Rank: 23
Score: 55.15071
Retrieved Text: Eight students from Kendall Public School will compete at the state final of the Todd Woodbridge Cup in Sydney. The tournament is for year 3 and 4 primary school students, who play in a red ball hot shots competition, on mini courts and with modified equipment. Kendall Public School students took out the regional final at the Kempsey Tennis Club on Tuesday, September 4. Karangi Public School versed Kendall Public School in the final at Kempsey. Leading into the last four sets, students from Kendall Public School were down by four points. The team came back to win by over 15 points. The Todd Woodbridge Cup state finals are at the Sydney Tennis Centre on November 19. The Todd Woodbridge Cup for primary schools was also hosted by the Kendall Tennis Club on Friday, August 31. Kendall Tennis Club president Wendy Hudson said she was very proud of the Kendall Public School students, who are also members of the club. Wendy was told the students’ sportsmanship displayed at the event ‘was incredible’.
Bodhi Kennedy , Laith Mickklesson , Danielle Noar, Henry Andler, Ruby Stewart, Hayley Smith, Deegan Wallace and Lexi Heslop. Photo: supplied.
Eight students from Kendall Public School will compete at the state final of the Todd Woodbridge Cup in Sydney.
The tournament is for year 3 and 4 primary school students, who play in a red ball hot shots competition, on mini courts and with modified equipment.
Kendall Public School students took out the regional final at the Kempsey Tennis Club on Tuesday, September 4.
Karangi Public School versed

########
Rank: 24
Score: 55.06934
Retrieved Text: A new story about Kylie Jenner hoping Kendall Jenner has “supermodel babies” with Anwar Hadid was made-up. This is yet another example of a certain website trying to capitalize on a hot topic with inaccurate and phony spin. Gossip Cop can bust the bogus report.
There’s a number of problems here. A kiss doesn’t mean Kendall and Hadid are in a relationship, nor was she trying to convey a message to the public with their smooch. The grainy, blurry photo of Kendall kissing Gigi and Bella Hadid’s brother was surreptitiously taken without their knowledge and obtained by TMZ. The site later reported that the pair “aren’t dating or anything serious,” which dovetails with what Gossip Cop learned on Wednesday: Kendall is completely single and not in a relationship with Hadid, so the online publication is completely wrong to assert she is “with” him.
Given that she’s been vocal about not wanting children yet, it’s hard to believe her sister would be jumping the gun and urging her to have kids with someone she isn’t even dating. Here’s what seems to really be going on: The leaked photo of Kendall and Anwar received much attention from the media and spawned dozens of headlines. HollywoodLies, as the website is known, alone has peddled six separate stories on the subject in less than three days.
The outlet is trying to exploit the situation, and to capitalize on fans’ interest and potential search traffic it has seemingly concocted a narrative focused on Kylie’s reaction. But there’s no proof she has actually reacted at

########
Rank: 25
Score: 55.045616
Retrieved Text: According to new reports, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons were spotted hanging out again while at a Philadelphia 76ers game against the LA Clippers on the 1st of November, Thursday.
In a clip acquired by TMZ, Simmons and Kendall were spotted in a car at the Wells Fargo Center in Philly.
Page Six reports that Jenner flew in a private jet after she dressed up for Halloween with her other sisters. Afterward, Kendall and Ben hung out at the Elbow Lane bowling alley and celebrated the 76ers win.
“They had a great time.” Previously, an insider explained that Ben and Kendall had to break it off because they both had crazy schedules that just weren’t working out.
The 23-year-old model said to Vogue recently that she manages to keep many of her personal relationships private. Kendall said she “sneaks around” all of the time, and goes the “extra mile” so that no one knows about all of her hookups.
They hung out in May of this year, and just a week later, paparazzi spotted her kissing the model, Anwar Hadid. A source who spoke with Us Weekly in the summertime said that Ben and Kendall were dating but it wasn’t anything serious.
Just a few days after that, the singer, Tinashe, who dated Ben in the starting months of 2018, explained that Simmons was supposedly texting her while he and Kendall were out at Delilah’s in West Hollywood.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 54.82913
Retrieved Text: Ah, Bachelor In Paradise — it’s always the best of times, and it’s the worst of times. Sometimes, you have really meaningful, special, deep talks about relationships and anxiety on the show (looking at you, Astrid and Kevin), and then other times, you have a grown man rage because someone told the a woman he likes that he had kissed another women, which he most certainly did, on camera. That was Leo, for those you that missed it. And Leo's ensuring Bachelor In Paradise breakdown was really something to as, and it highlights the gross, toxic masculinity that pervades our culture and especially this season of BiP, no matter how much we try to stop it.
Leo came into Bachelor In Paradise late in the game, and he took this to mean that he needed to make up some time and try and couple with as many women at once. While that is, indeed, the point of a show like Bachelor In Paradise, Leo wasn’t exactly truthful about his intentions when it came to Kendall, the show’s resident taxidermy expert and emotionally intelligent contestant. Kevin casually said something to Kendall about Leo’s kissing other women, not knowing Kendall didn’t know.
Kendall approached Leo, calmly, to tell him that she was surprised that he told her that he was solely into her while he was out kissing women. This is a fair response. In reaction, Leo started screaming stuff like, “a kiss is like a handshake in Paradise,” demanding to know who had "tattled" on him, and bouncing around

########
Rank: 27
Score: 54.741543
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner’s net worth is $36.6 million. The Kendall Jenner net worth total comes mostly from modeling, but a huge part of that is a totally new kind of income. The young star makes a great deal of money from social marketing. Jenner can earn anywhere from $100,000 to $300,000 for a single tweet or Instagram post.
Kendall Jenner earned an estimated $4 million per year from modeling in 2014 and 2015. Her lifetime total modeling earnings come to $18 million. She has earned $21 million from sales of merchandise and an astounding $45 million from social marketing. Taxes and expenses take a Kardashian-sized $54 million from the Kendall Jenner net worth till. All numbers are current as of 12/13/16.
Kendall Jenner’s net worth of $36.6 million is 6 times smaller than Kim Kardashian’s net worth of $190 million. Kanye West’s net worth of $62 million is twice as big as the Kendall Jenner net worth total. Justin Bieber has a net worth of $167 million. Thats 5 times bigger than Kendall Jenner’s net worth. The Kendall Jenner net worth sum is 9 times smaller than Rihanna’s wealth of $281 million and 8 times smaller than Taylor Swift’s net worth of $251 million.
Kendall Jenner’s net worth is about the same as Hillary Clinton’s. Bernie Sanders’ net worth of $528,000 is 58 times smaller than the Kendall Jenner net worth pile. Finally, Kendall Jenner’s net worth is 456 times bigger than the net worth of the typical American household.
Kendall Jenner’s net worth is growing extremely fast for a woman

########
Rank: 28
Score: 54.706818
Retrieved Text: Harry Styles and his girlfriend Kendall Jenner (yeah, we said girlfriend, and what!?) were spotted at an Eagles concert in LA on Friday night.
Harry, 19, was pictured with his arms around the 18-year-old model. And we know the twitpic is slightly grainy, but we can totally make out happy faces.
The picture was shared on Twitter by One Direction fan account 1DUpdatesHC with the caption: "Harry and Kendall at The Eagles show last night. They left separately."
Luckily, during Saturday's SAG Awards, comedienne Kathy Griffin revealed on the red carpet that she stole Harry Styles' coat at the star-studded gig.
She told Giuliana Rancic: "Last night I went to the Eagles concert and I stole Harry Styles coat. I stole that pea coat. I stole it and I tweeted a picture of it. I was sitting next to Harry Styles and one of those girls [Kendall and Kylie Jenner]. Francine, or Tipsy or Popsy, I don't know their names!"
"One of the two that are about six foot tall. He was canoodling with her and then he left and I took his coat."
Sorry, forget about Kendall, who leaves a Saint Laurent coat?
Yet the pair have been keen to deny rumours that they are an item with Kendal telling E! that they "are just friends," and Harry telling Piers Morgan that they are not dating and just went out for dinner.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 54.62593
Retrieved Text: Tuesday was an away game, up in Weld County, which is quite a drive. Tia and I made our way up there with Kyle to watch Kendall's team get (hopefully) revenge. They didn't play well when in the home match and lost.
We watched a close, long, match from the C team before Kendall got out there. The first game was a wreck, with our team unable or receive passes or hit the ball over. Kendall struggled on some serves and came out near the end, but the game wasn't close. Something like 25-12 to end things.
The second match was better. More energy, and better play. Didn't see many hard hits from Kendall, but she pushed one over nicely here.
There was also a great block from Kendall. I was behind, and she really got up and front, stuffing the ball down. That was exciting.
The team went on to win and set up a third. They were ahead, and playing well, but then gave things away. Too many mistakes, 4 bad serves (none Kendall) and some mistakes and it was close, 13-13 before EHS blew a couple points.
Disappointing, but always fun to see Kendall play.

================



======= Instance Index 2139 =========
Input Text: Context: Cameron found out that Alex was being dishonest, so Cameron knew when Alex lied to Cameron.

Question: How would you describe Alex?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Emberassed for being caught by Cameron

B: honest

C: untrustworthy

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 67.144684
Retrieved Text: Mitchell: Oh, it was fine. Hey, when did salmon become a thing that we put on salad?
Cameron: 2008 in the city, 2011 in the suburbs. How was Brett? What's the drama du jour?
nobody will date you when you work at the I.R.S. I hate it. What was it this time?
Cameron: Okay, why are you being so evasive?
Mitchell: I'm not being evasive. I– check out this new tie.
want to answer and just throw a doll in her face.
Mitchell: Don't be ridiculous. Like I could do that with an adult. Check out what I got for you.
Cameron: Oh, it's got to be good.
Mitchell: There's nothing to tell!
Cameron: Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me.
Lily: Here. Answer me. How does Santa Claus get to all of those houses?
Cameron: Okay, sweetie, the adults are talking right now, and look what Daddy brought you.
you. Don't you feel the same?
Mitchell: Of course I do. But he — he made me promise.
house, a life, a daughter. You know what? I don't — I don't know why I care so much.
Mitchell: Okay, all right, okay. He got calf implants.
Cameron: Oh, my God! Oh, what do they look like?
Mitchell: Like he's smuggling two grapefruits. Which, by the way, were also on my salad.
Cameron: Okay, this is huge. This is huge. Who all knows? We have to host a brunch.
Mitchell: Oh, please. Everybody knows you're terrible at keeping secrets.
Mitchell: I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
Haley: Hey, what are you doing?
Alex: I'm just watching you sleep. You look so pretty.
Haley: Okay, but don't breathe so

########
Rank: 1
Score: 60.966915
Retrieved Text: We were witness to the magic that is Alex Cameron (and Roy Molloy).
Alex Cameron played White Eagle Hall in Jersey City, New Jersey on August 1.
On his latest release Forced Witness, songwriter/storyteller Alex Cameron explores the psyche of the down and outs, from the sleazy of “Stranger’s Kiss” to the creepy of “Studmuffin96.” He crafts a truly “woke” pop song, one that makes you sway to the rhythm and belt out the chorus, but also contemplate the darkness of the subject matter.
The band’s live performance was oh so entertaining, with Cameron and band dressing the part, and saxophonist/”business partner” Roy Molloy acting much the same as he does in their music videos (stand and play, then sit and stare emptily out into the crowd). Cameron’s energy was infectious, people (including girlfriend Jemima Kirke in the front row) danced and sang along throughout his set.
Also entertaining? The band merch, which consisted of ill-fitting, throwback gray or orange tees that read like a business card Cameron, Molloy and Associates (with Molloy’s real phone number).
Click here to explore Ann Arbor, MI on Culture Collide.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 60.04157
Retrieved Text: Self-proclaimed online cowboy Alex Cameron and business partner Roy Molloy make sure everyone at Club Dada on 2/1/19 got what they came for.
Alex Cameron had quite a decent turnout at Club Dada this past Friday. Rocking a rather stripped down set up of a laptop playing instrumentals, Roy Molloy on Saxophone, and Cameron behind the mic, this was an experience probably similar to seeing Alex Cameron quite early in his musical career. Hopping right into “Studmuffin96”, and “Country Figs”, Cameron warmed the crowd up quite nicely with some of his finest offerings from Forced Witness. With just the first two tracks, Cameron showcased quite well that his vocal abilities were just as marvelous as they are on his records. This was quite obvious as the crowd was consistently cheering and singing along to his lyrics throughout the performance. After those two songs, Cameron took a good moment to ensure that he hasn’t forgotten about his first album by playing a few songs from it.
Saxophone player and business partner Roy Molloy plays while Cameron dances in the background.
It was around this point of the set where Cameron finally addressed the song requests between each song, and granted the crowd one song request for the set. While a good bulk of the crowd in the front shared their requests in an un-digestible manner, speaking over each other, one lone trooper in the back was screaming at the top of his lungs for Cameron to perform “Real Bad Lookin’”, a favorite from Jumping the Shark, and perhaps a little

########
Rank: 3
Score: 59.52743
Retrieved Text: Georgia Turnbull was on hand in Liverpool to witness an 'unmissable experience'.
It’s hard to really put into words the sound and aesthetic of Alex Cameron. It’s completely different to anything around in the music scene right now, a refreshing and dark sense of humour wrapped up in a leather jacket. After supporting the Killers and releasing Forced Witness last year, any newcomers wouldn’t know what to expect from an Alex Cameron live experience.
Support act (and guitarist in Cameron’s band) Jack Ladder was an indication of what was to come. A simple set up of one man and his guitar would make you think this is going to be a simple acoustic set, but Jack Ladder adds his own dark and surreal sense of humour to the proceedings. With a powerful voice, a Twin Peaks-esque karaoke backing track, a song about kidnapping as well as Iggy Pop’s ‘Shades’, the audience is essentially transported into the beautiful, intriguing land of Alex Cameron and co.
The band for Alex Cameron seem extensive in comparison to Jack Ladder’s one man set, and they certainly delivered. Alex Cameron and his band follow the same vibe Jack Ladder had previously, the kind of band you’d see cameo in a David Lynch movie, but as a listener you’re completely engrossed.
With hit songs such as 'Candy Mae' and 'Marlon Brando' during the encore, Alex Cameron and his band delivered a tight rhythm sound, eerie synth sounds and some seriously enviable dance moves. Another element that made the gig unique was the contribution of Roy Molloy,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 57.17207
Retrieved Text: When I looked at the promo pictures of Alex Cameron, I assumed that this whole thing was a goof, an approximation of genuinely transgressive artists' past work. And when I noticed that my promo copy of Alex's new album, Forced Witness, came with a "letter from Alex" explaining his approach here, I assumed that not only was this a goof, but it was a goof that the artist wasn't entirely committed to, not if he felt the need to send out an explanation with his work; did Iggy send any letters out? Lou Reed? Bowie? Nah. They didn't, did they?
Now that said, a lot of this works, even if it's a goof. Forced Witness, out this week on Secretly Canadian, offers up a bunch of songs that channel fairly successfully the mid-Eighties material dropped by the previously-mentioned Iggy Pop and Lou Reed, among others. The superb "Stranger's Kiss", a duet with the copiously-talented Angel Olson, is a supple beast, one full of sleek hooks. Similarly, the bright "Marlon Brando" seems more of a natural fit for Alex's talents, poised as it is somewhere between mid-Eighties Bowie-inspired synth-pop and the kind of modern retro-pop that bands like Gardens And Villa do so well. Elsewhere, the easy indie-pop of "Runnin' Outta Luck" charms on first listen and every subsequent one, while the sharper "Country Figs" offers up something more challenging, a rough mix of Hall and Oates with INXS, or something, only darker. Now, if that darkness is approximated, it sometimes doesn't matter as Alex Cameron has at

########
Rank: 5
Score: 56.89846
Retrieved Text: Peter Yorgen hit by pitch.
Ethan Wiskur singled up the middle.
Alex Walts singled to right field; Ethan Wiskur advanced to third.
Dylan Lottinville singled up the middle, 2 RBI; Alex Walts scored; Ethan Wiskur scored.
Chris Ackerman singled through the left side; Dylan Lottinville advanced to second.
Cameron Johnson doubled down the lf line.
Troy Merriman singled to center field; Cameron Johnson advanced to third.
Logan Harrah flied out to cf, sacrifice fly, RBI; Cameron Johnson scored.
Colin Boerst singled to left field.
Ethan Wiskur homered to left center, 3 RBI; Steven Ring scored; Colin Boerst scored.
Michael Mitchell singled up the middle.
Dylan Lottinville homered to left field, 2 RBI; Michael Mitchell scored.
Josh Robinson to p for Tyler Kennedy.
Pete Burkett singled to center field.
Miguel Valdez singled to shortstop; Pete Burkett advanced to second.
Cameron Johnson singled through the left side; Miguel Valdez advanced to second; Pete Burkett advanced to third.
Troy Merriman walked, RBI; Cameron Johnson advanced to second; Miguel Valdez advanced to third; Pete Burkett scored.
Colin Boerst homered to center field, RBI.
Derrick Herd reached first on a fielding error by 1b.
Ethan Wiskur homered to left center, RBI.
Alex Harter to p for Josh Robinson.
Miguel Valdez hit by pitch.
Josh Schwerer tripled to right center.
Casey Gould singled through the left side, RBI; Josh Schwerer scored.
Derrick Herd singled to right field; Casey Gould advanced to second.
Joe Hamrick to p for Andrew Verbrugge.
Pete Burkett reached on a fielder's choice; Derrick Herd advanced to second; Casey Gould advanced to third.
Tanner Sizemore to p for Joe Hamrick.
Troy Merriman hit by pitch; Cameron Johnson advanced to second.
Troy Merriman advanced to second; Cameron Johnson advanced

########
Rank: 6
Score: 56.773636
Retrieved Text: Cameron Grey is one of my favourite recent discoveries in Geometrically inspired Art. I had been longing for a more ethereal and surreal version of works like Alex Grey’s (no relation) anatomical paintings . The first time I saw Cameron Grey’s Metatron image I knew he would exceed my wishes.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 56.720215
Retrieved Text: Yay a new airing of Modern Family, this one called Two Monkeys and a Panda where while Claire runs herself ragged trying to play peacemaker with Haley and Alex, Phil sneaks off for a nice relaxing day at the spa. Meanwhile, Gloria is horrified by Jay’s morbid plans to purchase two primo side-by-side crypts in preparation of the inevitable future, and Cameron decides he wants to write a book that celebrates the fact that Lily is adopted — however, during the process he unearths artifacts that are quite disturbing.
Phil Dunphy: Claire, I don´t think you are grasping the magnitude of this package valued over 250 dollars. If you don´t use it, all our money gors to charity.
Alex: That´s Albert Einstein and it is not nerdy!
Cameron: I´m taking away the negative charge on the word adopting. Yay!
Mitchell: What did Oprah do now?
Gloria: Tada is when you do a flip, or when the magician cuts the pretty lady in half, not when you show somebody where you want to shove their dead body.
Cameron: I knew it, you two faced!
What did you think of Modern Family Quotes and Spoilers on Two Monkeys and a Panda Funny right?
Also, remember to follow me on Twitter for more Quotes and spoilers from Modern Family.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 56.162346
Retrieved Text: When an investigation into a series of mysterious deaths leads agents to an elite prep school for rebellious kids, MI6 assigns Alex Rider to the case. Before he knows it, Alex is hanging out with the sons of the rich and powerful, and something feels wrong. These former juvenile delinquents have turned well-­behaved, studious-­and identical-­overnight. It's up to Alex to find out who is masterminding this nefarious plot, before they find him.
Seven months ago, on a rainy March night, sixteen-­year- old Willow's parents drank too much wine and asked her to drive them home. They never made it. Willow lost control of the car and her parents died in the accident. Now she has left behind her old home, friends, and school, and blocks the pain by secretly cutting herself. But when Willow meets Guy, a boy as sensitive and complicated as she is, she begins an intense, life-­changing relationship that turns her world upside down.­Told in an arresting, fresh voice, Willow is an unforgettable novel about one girl's struggle to cope with tragedy, and one boy's refusal to give up on her.
This book about a former misfit who must face her troubled childhood is dark and engrossing, thanks to Zarr's (Story of a Girl) full-­bodied characters and creative storytelling. Through well-­timed flashbacks, thin, popular high school senior Jenna remembers being fat Jennifer, who along with her best friend, Cameron, endures teasing in elementary school and a hard home life (her single mother is almost never home, and his abusive father traumatizes both children). After Cameron

########
Rank: 9
Score: 55.217438
Retrieved Text: Cameron Diaz & Alex Rodriguez: Thanksgiving in Mexico!. Cameron Diaz & Alex Rodriguez: Thanksgiving in Mexico!. HD Wallpaper and background images in the 카메론 디아즈 club tagged: cameron diaz 2010 photo.
This 카메론 디아즈 photo contains 비키니, 두 조각 수영복, 수영복, 투피스 수영복, and 2 조각 수영복. There might also be 피부, 스킨 톤, 누드 컬러, 부분 벌거 벗음, 묵시적 누드, 부분적인 벌거 벗음, 묵시적인 누드, 묵시적인된 누드, 부분적인 벌거숭이, and skintone.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 54.704613
Retrieved Text: Tatum Brummitt reached first on a fielding error by rf, advanced to second on the error.
Tatum Brummitt advanced to third on a wild pitch.
Cameron Davis singled to shortstop.
Jordan Adcox doubled to left center; Cameron Davis advanced to third.
Lauren Hilbourn singled down the 1b line, RBI; Jordan Adcox advanced to third; Cameron Davis scored.
Shelby Thomas reached first on a throwing error by ss.
Alyssa Price reached on a fielder's choice to third base; Shelby Thomas advanced to second; Lauren Hilbourn advanced to third; Jordan Adcox out at home 3b to c.
Rendi Wetherington reached on a fielder's choice to third base; Alyssa Price advanced to second; Shelby Thomas advanced to third; Lauren Hilbourn out at home 3b to c.
Mary Sells singled to center field, advanced to second on a fielding error by cf, 2 RBI; Rendi Wetherington advanced to third; Alyssa Price scored, unearned; Shelby Thomas scored, unearned.
Mary Sells advanced to third on the error; Rendi Wetherington scored on a throwing error by cf, unearned.
Tatum Brummitt reached first on a fielding error by cf, advanced to third on the error; Mary Sells scored, unearned.
Shelby Thomas doubled to right center, RBI; Cameron Davis scored.
Raygan Larson to p for Jordan Hall.
Rendi Wetherington tripled to right center.
Tatum Brummitt tripled to center field, 2 RBI; Mary Sells scored; Rendi Wetherington scored.
Alex Watkins singled to center field, RBI; Tatum Brummitt scored.
Cameron Davis walked; Alex Watkins advanced to second.
Carson Powell pinch ran for Cameron Davis.
Kaitlynn Norton pinch hit for Shelby Thomas.
Carleigh Brooks to 2b for Alex Watkins.
BROWN,Nicole singled down the rf line.
CARPENTER,Mallory singled through the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 54.56097
Retrieved Text: In 2005, playwright Charlotte Cameron moved from Edmonton to Gabriola Island where she soon became fascinated by Malcolm Lowry and his visit to the island. In 1946, Malcolm Lowry and his wife Margerie took a small ferry, the Atrevida, to Gabriola Island after he had finished writing Under the Volcano. They were fearful of being evicted from their beachfront shack at Dollarton and were looking for an alternative place to live. Margerie's friend, Angela McKee, lived on Gabriola and offered to help them find a place. Sheryl Salloum wrote about Angela Smith, and interviewed Angela's husband, Alfred McKee, on Gabriola, as reported in her book Malcolm Lowry Vancouver Days. The Lowrys stayed at Anderson Lodge, now called Surf Lodge. He later wrote the novel October Ferry to Gabriola, published posthumously in 1970.
Cameron identified with the Lowrys' search to find a home where they could live, love and write. She invented a contemporary couple whose lives mirrored the lives of Margerie and Malcolm and juxtaposed the stories of the two couples for her play, October Ferries to Gabriola. Another useful reference source is Phyllis Reeve's article "Malcolm Lowry on Gabriola" in SHALE, No. 18, April, 2008.
According to Charlotte Cameron, "Malcolm Lowry and Margerie spent a few days visiting Angela [McKee] and her husband. Alfred McKee had seen them on the ferry and was enchanted by how fun-loving they were, laughing and chasing each other around. Lowry loved Gabriola. He sent the McKees a postcard from Europe saying, "They talk about the Blue Danube, it doesn't compare with

########
Rank: 12
Score: 53.24727
Retrieved Text: Declan maps out Cameron’s future!
Declan’s got his land and he can’t stop looking at it. As far as he’s concerned, he’s looking at a map of buried treasure: ground that will make him a fortune. But that’s not what Cameron sees in the map… To Cameron, X marks the spot where he buried Alex and now he’s panicking. He has to get Alex’s body out of those woods before Declan starts digging them up. That’s easier said than done, though… Cameron’s all tooled up and ready to do some body-snatching when Chas appears. She’s feeling the need for some loving and wants an early night!
Amy’s lips are no longer sealed about her kiss with Andy. She has to get Kerry away from him – if only to protect his kids – so she tells Kerry about kissing Andy. Kerry’s supposed to dump Andy on the spot, but Kerry never does what she’s supposed to do. Instead, Kerry reckons Amy tried it on with Andy because she’s jealous! There’s a tiny bit of truth in that as Amy does fancy Andy. But Kerry insists she and Andy are solid – yeah, solid as the soup she’d be in if Andy knew she’d left his kids home alone.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 53.042164
Retrieved Text: Phil sets up a video chat with his folks in Florida. When he pans the camera to the tree where the ornament they sent hangs, Claire notices what looks to be a cigarette burn on the sofa. When no one confesses to the couch burning, a frustrated Phil declares they are canceling Christmas. He has a habit of making big pronouncements to the kids. This time, he drags the fully-decorated tree out of the house.
The kids conspire to pull a Spartacus scam. They'll all confess and hope their folks will be so touched that they are protecting each other that they'll bring back Christmas. Luke goes first only to see his sisters stay silent. When it becomes obvious that Luke is lying, Phil says Christmas is still canceled. Alex eventually fesses up to smoking in the house and is grounded for a week. She's bummed about the punishment but happy to hear Phil declare that Christmas is making a comeback.
As the family huddles around the tree, Claire notices the couch is burning after being hit by a sunbeam filtered through the crystal ornament Jay's folks sent. Alex wasn't smoking. She just took the blame to save Christmas. When the kids get on Phil's case for calling them all liars, he tries to deflect their anger by declaring he'll make it up to them with a trip to... hmmmm... Italy? Think he'll follow through? How do you say "no way" in Italian?
While waiting to get Lily's picture taken with Santa, Mitchell and Cameron hear a lovely chorus

########
Rank: 14
Score: 53.035847
Retrieved Text: On again, off again, on again, looks like it’s their turn to be off again. According to one report, super fit couple Cameron Diaz and Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez have called it quits. Apparently they broke up for the main reason of focusing on their careers and their own priorities. Find out more after the jump!
For the past two years they’ve been seen jetsetting and yes, even spotted eating popcorn at the Super Bowl. Last week Cameron was in NYC to be with her beau and they dined over Labor Day weekend but the break up was more recent.
OK! GALLERY: CAMERON DIAZ IS ONE HOT (FAKE) MOMMA!
Alex’s rep declined to comment and Cameron’s rep didn’t get back to the paper.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 52.83345
Retrieved Text: THE Prime Minister stressed that the country's future is very much "an issue of the heart" as campaigned to keep Scotland in the Union during a trip to Perth.
DAVID Cameron has admitted he would be left 'broken hearted' if Scotland votes to become independent.
The Prime Minister was in Perth yesterday to urge Tories to make a final push to campaign to keep Scotland in the Union.
Scots will vote choose if the country stays as part of the United Kingdom in an independence referendum on September 18.
Cameron stressed that the country's future is very much "an issue of the heart".
He said: "It would break my heart to see our United Kingdom break apart," and he warned that a Yes vote would be "irreversible".
"If Scotland walks away from the United Kingdom and votes for separation, it's not for a trial period, it would be permanent."
The PM said Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond and the SNP had failed to make a "really positive case" for independence, accusing them of leaving vital questions about Scotland's future after a Yes vote unanswered.
"It's for those who are arguing for this radical change to come up with... justification for why this is a good idea," the Prime Minister said.
"Why is it suddenly a good idea to make your sister working in Edinburgh or your brother working in London living in a foreign country?
"Why is it suddenly a good idea to split away from the organisations that have helped this country be everything it is in our world today?
"I don't think they have made

########
Rank: 16
Score: 52.654015
Retrieved Text: Alex Cameron is the sleaze-bag alter-ego character portrayed by the 'actual' Alex Cameron - an Australian musician formally of the Sydney electro three-piece Seekae. For Cameron's first record 2014's Jumping The Shark he wore face make-up to create scars and wrinkles on his face (as seen on the front cover of the album) but for Forced Witness the make-ups gone - even if the slick-hair and 80s get-up remains. The record produced by Cameron and Foxygen’s Jonathan Rado juxtaposes classic 80s cheesy synth-pop with lyrics from the point of view of a macho creep from a bygone era. Once you understand the underlying satire of the artist and you're hooked on the undeniably catchy melodies you'll be humming along (whilst also checking if he did just sing what you think he did). The album highlight is the duet with Angel Olsen on the track 'Stranger's Kiss' but there are so many great moments on this seriously intriguing piece of work. A guiltlessly guilty pleasure!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 52.338223
Retrieved Text: Gay rights activists have hit out at homophobic comments uttered at a meeting of the far-right Q Society this week, saying jokes about the murder of homosexuals were not funny and “not conceptual” given Australia’s recent history.
The cartoonist Larry Pickering and the former Liberal MP and Sky News commentator Ross Cameron caused outrage through their speeches to the Q Society in Sydney on Thursday.
According to Fairfax Media, Pickering said he disliked Muslims, except those who threw “pillow-biters off buildings”, while Cameron described the New South Wales branch of the Liberal party as “basically a gay club”.
“I don’t mind that they are gay, I just wish, like Hadrian, they would build a wall,” Cameron reportedly said.
He also described the Sydney Morning Herald as the “Sydney Morning Homosexual”.
A second meeting of the Q Society, held in Melbourne on Friday night, sparked protests in St Kilda, where activists attempted to prevent a busload of attendees from reaching the event.
Liberal National party MP George Christensen and senator Cory Bernardi both spoke at the Melbourne event on Friday. Both condemned the comments made at the previous night’s meeting, the ABC reported.
“No matter how much I celebrate free speech, they were absolutely out of line,” Bernardi said, according to the ABC.
The comments of Pickering and Cameron have outraged those campaigning for LGBTI rights.
The Just.equal national campaigner, Ivan Hinton-Teoh, said it was appalling that in 2017 any Australian would find humour or common ground with the murder of gay people in the Middle East.
Hinton-Teoh said the comments “left me cold”.
“In our nation’s recent

########
Rank: 18
Score: 52.293373
Retrieved Text: Bruce Cameron, a longtime participant on LA Kings Insider and the Daily News’ Inside SoCal Kings page, passed away the morning of September 12, 2017 following a hard-fought battle with an aggressive form of cancer.
Pictured above between King Alex, Puck73, Monkeyboy and Michael J, Cameron was a familiar presence at Suite Nights and also attended Kings nights at Dodger Stadium, where in 2012 he proudly celebrated the team’s first Stanley Cup championship.
“With any luck (and a lot of hard work) there will soon come a time when you’ll be drinking something a little more bubbly from that mug,” he wrote. Unbeknownst to him at the time, that champagne would flow just over one year afterward.
Because there are many of you who knew Ice Guy from years of attending games at Staples Center and commenting in Kings forums, please feel free to leave any memories or testimonials you have of one of the original Bloggers/Insiders.
Thank you, as always, for your ongoing contributions to this community. Without you, and without the devotion of those like Bruce, there is no LAKI.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 52.162968
Retrieved Text: With these comments, made at a Brussels press conference on March 2, David Cameron attempted to draw a line under the “horsegate” controversy.
After days of questioning from The Daily Telegraph, the Prime Minister had been forced to admit that he had ridden a horse loaned to Mr Brooks’ wife, the ex-tabloid editor Rebekah Brooks, by the Metropolitan police.
Crucially, however, Mr Cameron had not admitted to the more damaging assertion that he had been riding with Mrs Brooks, as had been alleged by former News of the World features editor Paul McMullan.
Questions are now being asked about the depth of Mr Cameron’s friendship with Mr Brooks because, from reports over recent years, Mr Brooks has made little mention of his friendship with the future Prime Minister.
A November 2009 article for GQ magazine, headlined “The Eton factor”, focused on Mr Brooks’ friendship with Mr Cameron’s lawyer brother Alex, now 48.
The short article praised other Eton luminaries, such as clothing catalogue millionaire Johnnie Boden, Tory MP Rory Stewart and London mayor Boris Johnson, only adding Mr Cameron's name - "Dave" - as an afterthought.
Mr Brooks referred to Mr Cameron’s prowess at tennis and cricket – but not riding on horseback.
Mr Brooks’ distant mention of Mr Cameron, 45, is understandable given the two men are three years apart in age, a distance which makes a huge difference in the rigid social structure of a public school like Eton.
Further speculation that he was closer to Rebekah than Charlie was fuelled when she was a guest at Mr Cameron’s 40th birthday in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 52.06089
Retrieved Text: Las Vegas rockers The Killers have added a second Australian support act to their upcoming tour down under.
Having already locked in support slots for their friend Alex Cameron in February, Brandon Flowers and company have now recruited Aussie outfit Jack Ladder & The Dreamlanders, who are gearing up to release their new album Blue Poles on 4th May.
The band will open for Alex Cameron and The Killers at all of their upcoming shows in Brisbane, Sydney, Perth, Melbourne and Adelaide between April and May, and you can stream their latest single ‘White Flag’ below.
The Killers are currently touring behind their latest album Wonderful Wonderful. Check out all the dates and ticket details for their 2018 Australian tour, below.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 51.847023
Retrieved Text: Ilusive shredder Taylor Rydman with friends Nate Dahrens, Nick Dirks, Cameron Weeg, and Alex Burton riding powder opening day at Meadows! Video filmed and edited by Cameron Weeg.
Check out Danny Mcwilliams, new addition to the Ilusive crew!
Danny Mcwilliams 2010/11 Wrap Up from Jim Sanco on Vimeo.
Check out Matt Turner, new addition to the Ilusive crew!
Video edit: Taylor Rydman and Friends at Timberline!
Chaos at the Hoodoo Spring fling!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 51.77111
Retrieved Text: Guenther, Jake doubled down the rf line.
Henry, Austin grounded out p to 2b to 1b, RBI; Guenther, Jake scored.
Oviedo, Adam singled to second base.
Humphreys, Zach singled up the middle; Oviedo, Adam advanced to third.
Keefer, Andrew doubled to right center, 2 RBI; Humphreys, Zach scored; Oviedo, Adam scored.
Rizer, Johnny singled to first base, bunt.
JONES, Nate walked; HOPKINS, Taylor advanced to second.
Isola, Alex singled to center field.
Guenther, Jake singled through the right side; Isola, Alex advanced to second.
SPARKS, Mitchell to p for GRANZOTTO, Scott.
Shepherd, Conner to 3b for Humphreys, Zach.
KAUFFMAN, Jared doubled down the lf line.
SHAVER, Jackson to p for SPARKS, Mitchell.
Brown, Porter walked; Keefer, Andrew advanced to second.
Guenther, Jake walked; Brown, Porter advanced to second; Keefer, Andrew advanced to third.
Henry, Austin singled through the left side, 2 RBI; Guenther, Jake advanced to third; Brown, Porter scored; Keefer, Andrew scored.
HESTER, Caleb to p for SHAVER, Jackson.
Rizer, Johnny walked; Henry, Austin advanced to second.
Oviedo, Adam walked, RBI; Rizer, Johnny advanced to second; Henry, Austin advanced to third; Guenther, Jake scored.
Shepherd, Conner homered to right field, 4 RBI; Oviedo, Adam scored; Rizer, Johnny scored; Henry, Austin scored.
Keefer, Andrew singled up the middle.
Coughlin, Cal to p for Lodolo, Nick.
CRUZ, Cameron walked; JONES, Nate advanced to second.
OWINGS, Zachary singled through the right side; CRUZ, Cameron advanced to second; JONES, Nate advanced to third.
RENSEL JR, John walked, RBI; OWINGS, Zachary advanced to second; CRUZ, Cameron advanced to third; JONES, Nate scored.
KAUFFMAN, Jared singled to shortstop, RBI; RENSEL JR, John advanced to second; OWINGS, Zachary advanced to third; CRUZ, Cameron scored.
DUNGAN, Jack to p

########
Rank: 23
Score: 51.621075
Retrieved Text: When Phil gets a new RV (thanks to selling a house to California's top RV salesman), he decides to take the family on a fun road trip up the coast. Claire dreads that the kids being cooped up in the RV (nicknamed "Jolene" by Phil) would lead to interminable fighting, but soon she begins to thinks that maybe she's one who brings out the worst in them.
Claire: "Ten days on the road with those kids? Winnebag-no."
Claire: "I didn't want to get halfway into a trip to Yellowstone before Phil discovered what malevolent hellspawn we have for children... whom I love very much."
Claire (trying to goad her daughters into fighting): "Alex, honey, that's a cute sweater. Doesn't Haley have one like that?"
Alex: "Oh, it actually is hers. I took it from her closet before we left."
Claire: "Ooh, sorry, girls, didn't mean to start a whole thing..."
Haley: "I am so sick of you... always looking better in my clothes. When did that happen?"
Claire: "You're OK with this?"
Haley: "Oh, yeah, she can wear whatever she wants after I've had it for six months."
Alex: "Or I get it automatically if you buy anything that looks like it."
Phil: "I was thinking we could all drive up to Yellowstone this summer, but I say, let's take this beyotch ocean to ocean!"
Haley: "Yeah, who have you been talking to so much on the phone? Aaron?"
Alex: "Actually, it's two boys, Aaron and Alex."
Haley: "A boy named Alex likes you?"
Alex: "Yeah, I know it's weird. But my friend Andi with an 'i,' she's a girl,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 51.606663
Retrieved Text: The results are in and the Scotland’s decision to stay in the United Kingdom has been finalised. The rollercoaster ride to keep Scotland unionised began at the start of 2012 on a bleak January morning, where David Cameron announced on TV Presenter Andrew Marr’s Sunday show that he would push Alex Salmond into making up his mind over independence.
Settling the issue of independence once and for all, Cameron ensured that this wouldn’t become a ‘neverendum’, by not letting Salmond another question on the ballot sheet to give voters the option to opt for a so-called ‘Devo-Max’, keeping nationalists from revisiting the question of independence over and over again.
Fighting a well-oiled and well-funded campaign, David Cameron enlisted the help of Alistair Darling, MP for Edinburgh South West, to lead the campaign, being one of the few labour ministers to emerge from the previous disastrous Labour campaign relatively unscathed.
Darling proved his worth by the time of television debates, showing a passionate and heart-felt side to his argument that outshone a hesitant Alex Salmond. With the emergence of Gordon Brown to bolster the ranks of the No campaign, both campaigns went into the ballot day with everything to play for.
A huge turnout of 86% across Scotland saw one of the most prominent and legitimate democratic actions seen in the modern era of politics. After the votes were counted, the result was announced at breakfast time this morning, with 55.3% of voters opting to stay part of the United Kingdom.
The result marks a new lease of life for the four

########
Rank: 25
Score: 51.604736
Retrieved Text: 00:00 Lucido, Nick at goalie for Francis Marion Univ..
00:00 Blamire, Garret at goalie for Georgia Southwestern.
00:47 Corner kick by GSW-M Chaves, Mauricio [00:47].
00:51 Shot by GSW-M Cannada, Jon-Luke BLOCKED.
04:25 Shot by FMU Mabee, Cameron, SAVE Blamire, Garret.
06:38 Corner kick by FMU Blandin, Alex [06:38].
14:45 Shot by FMU Mabee, Cameron WIDE.
21:03 Shot by FMU Cruz, Chuy, SAVE Blamire, Garret.
21:58 Shot by FMU Souza, Igor WIDE.
22:05 Substitution!GSW-M substitution: Manga, Joshua for Huet, Kevin.
23:59 Shot by GSW-M Kitts, Cuyler WIDE.
24:05 Substitution!FMU substitution: Gojic, Stefan for Kartsimaris, George.
24:05 Substitution!GSW-M substitution: Vick, Ethan for Diaz, Marcus.
27:56 Corner kick by FMU Chaves, Leonardo [27:56].
29:41 Substitution!GSW-M substitution: Sellers, Ross for Wakenigg, Ryan.
34:33 Corner kick by FMU Mabee, Cameron [34:33].
34:50 Header Shot by FMU Crawford, Ashley WIDE.
36:08 Shot by GSW-M Sams, Hunter WIDE.
38:54 Shot by GSW-M McKay, Shane WIDE.
39:12 Substitution!GSW-M substitution: Loembet-Makaya, K.B. for Cannada, Jon-Luke.
40:26 Corner kick by FMU Mabee, Cameron [40:26].
41:33 Offside against Francis Marion Univ..
42:12 Shot by GSW-M Manga, Joshua, SAVE Lucido, Nick.
42:34 Corner kick by GSW-M Chaves, Mauricio [42:34].
43:25 Shot by FMU Gojic, Stefan BLOCKED.
45:00 For FMU: #2 Crawford, Ashley, #24 Mabee, Cameron, #12 Nanthakumar, Jeran, #4 Williams, Adrian, #8 Gojic, Stefan, #18 Chaves, Leonardo, #11 Cruz, Chuy, #14 Bally, Travis, #10 Blandin, Alex, #1 Lucido, Nick, #7 Souza, Igor.
45:00 For GSW-M: #23 Blamire, Garret, #13 Cannada, Jon-Luke, #6 Kitts, Cuyler, #16 Vick, Ethan, #2 Romaniw, James, #14 Manga, Joshua, #19 Wakenigg, Ryan, #7 McKay, Shane, #17 Morgan, Michael, #3 Chaves, Mauricio, #10 Loembet-Makaya, K.B..
45:33 Shot by GSW-M Loembet-Makaya, K.B., SAVE Lucido, Nick.
45:37 Shot by GSW-M Wakenigg, Ryan, SAVE Lucido,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 51.27009
Retrieved Text: Angel Olsen @ Union Transfer with Alex Cameron.
Text by Migs Kaufman. Images by Grace Dickinson.
The crowd jammed into Union Transfer last week for a sold out show with Angel Olsen, who recently released her genre-bending (and soon to be classic) album My Woman.
As the crowd eagerly awaited Olsen, they were treated to the 80s-tinged sounds of Alex Cameron, who pranced and grooved in a velvet suit with a saxophonist by his side, straight from the Newark Airport to the stage. Cameron wooed the audience with his slicked back hair and even slicker music as the venue slowly filled to the brim with people.
She is touring to support her most daring album yet, full of breathtaking wails, prickling guitar licks and many songs surpassing 5 minutes. These are not simple folk tunes. But the band kept it cool, hitting every note flawlessly, with Olsen as their fearless leader.
While the band had fun on stage, the crowd stood awestruck, barely able to move as they admired Olsen, who discussed greasy food and beer one minute and belted out “all my life I thought I’d change” from “Sister” the next.
After a strong set, the band returned for an encore of “Intern,” straight into a seven-minute psychedelic jam of “Woman,” giving Olsen a chance to really show off her chops as she hit every haunting high note.
I first heard Angel Olsen when I was going through a big change in my life, moving from New York to the City of Brotherly Love and worrying I wasn’t making the best move.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 51.01235
Retrieved Text: Roy Molloy is an essential contributor to the music of Australian singer-songwriter Alex Cameron. Molloy's saxophone parts add a smooth and sensual sound to albums like 2017's "Forced Witness." You can hear for yourself with Cameron's OpenAir Sessions performance from last year.
Molloy recently sat down with morning host Jeremy Petersen for a Guest DJ session. He picked songs featuring his favorite saxophone solos, including a Rolling Stones song from the '80s, a new wave hit from Men At Work and a selection from modern-day jazz artist Kamasi Washington.
Stream the interview above. Alex Cameron and Roy Molloy perform at Denver's Lost Lake on Feb. 20.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 50.962288
Retrieved Text: David Cameron risks jeopardising the Queen's traditional political impartiality if he challenges a convention that would allow Gordon Brown to remain prime minister in the event of a hung parliament, according to constitutional experts.
Some Tories say that Cameron is prepared to declare himself the winner if he comes first but fails to secure an overall parliamentary majority. They have been studying the experience of Alex Salmond, the SNP first minister in Scotland, who runs a minority administration. Salmond flew into Edinburgh by helicopter after the 2007 election to declare himself the winner, after the SNP won one more seat than Labour.
Lord Armstrong of Ilminster, who was Heath's principal private secretary during the 1974 negotiations, defended the convention. "The prime minister is the prime minister until he resigns," he said. "It is his duty not to put the Queen into a position where she might be appearing to take political decisions. If and when he does come to resign, it is his responsibility to recommend to the Queen whom she should send for as her new prime minister. I don't see how you protect the Queen from becoming over involved in political decisions unless you can do it like that."
Senior Tory shadow ministers have indicated that they are unhappy with a new rule which will delay the return of parliament by a week. They say this could check any momentum Cameron might have from an election win as Brown is given extra time to negotiate a coalition with the Liberal Democrats.
Opinion polls indicate that the Tories are

########
Rank: 29
Score: 50.77851
Retrieved Text: David Cameron will not officially take part in any head to head television debates ahead of next month’s European Union referendum, it has emerged.
The BBC said the Prime Minister has agreed to be questioned by a BBC Question Time audience on Sunday June 19, just a few days before the referendum on June 23.
However, with Mr Cameron refusing to be involved in another BBC debate in front of thousands of voters at Wembley Arena a few days later, it means that it will not debate any anti-EU political leader head to head.
The only other “debate” for Mr Cameron will be an ITV programme next month when he will and Nigel Farage, the Ukip leader, will be quizzed separately by a live studio audience.
The BBC said it would show a "Question Time EU Referendum Special" with Mr Cameron on BBC One at 6.45pm on Sunday 19 June.
A corresponding programme featuring the anti-EU Justice secretary Michael Gove will be broadcast on BBC One at 6.45pm on Wednesday 15 June.
A Vote Leave source said: “The Prime Minister is so worried that he has refused to take part in debates with any serious opponents.
Both programmes are being broadcast at unusually early times to avoid clashing with fixtures from the Euro 2016 football finals.
David Dimbleby, the veteran BBC broadcaster, will moderate both debates which will be in front of an audience, screened according to their views on the EU.
The BBC will also unveiled the panel for a youth-orientated debate in Glasgow this Thursday evening, presented by Victoria Derbyshire.
Former SNP leader Alex

================



======= Instance Index 16732 =========
Input Text: Context: Addison was planning a surprise party for their mother. Addison gathered eggs, milk, flour, sugar, vanilla, and frosting then begin baking.

Question: Why did Addison do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: have a good party

B: wanted to make cupcakes

C: finish baking

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 67.09706
Retrieved Text: Christmas Baking Dessert Chocolate Baking Powder Baking Soda Eggs Butter Ginger Vanilla Extract Hazelnut Brown Sugar Cookies Salt Holidays Holiday Cookies Easy Black Pepper Eat: Bon Appétit!
Scandinavian Baking Breakfast Sweden Oats Baking Soda Greek Yogurt Eggs Wheat Flour Apples Thyme Flax Seed Hazelnut Pumpkin Seeds Sesame Seeds Sunflower Seeds Honey Snack Bread Fall Winter Easy Eat: Bon Appétit!
American Baking Camping Hiking Road Trip Chocolate Peanut Butter Trail Mix Gluten Free Healthy Low Sugar Vegan Vegetarian Baking Soda Raisins Vanilla Extract Nuts Seeds Maple Syrup Cookies Snack Salt Dried Fruit Easy Eat: Bon Appétit!
Baking Dessert Birthday Candy Yogurt Baking Powder Baking Soda Milk Eggs Butter Canola Oil Vanilla Extract Fondant Powdered Sugar Cakes Baby Shower Party Planning Frosting Flour Sugar Cake Decorating Medium Food Coloring Eat: Bon Appétit!
British Baking Breakfast Afternoon Tea Scones Manhattan Easter Mother's Day Baking Powder Baking Soda Butter Cake Flour Brunch Salt Sugar Cream Easy Eat: Bon Appétit!
American Blue Cheese Buttermilk Bacon Biscuits Easy Christmas Breakfast Baking Powder Baking Soda Butter Parsley Brunch Side Dish Kosher Salt Holidays Flour Sugar Winter Eat: Bon Appétit!
Christmas American Dessert Dark Chocolate Cookies Hot Chocolate Winter Baking Chocolate Baking Soda Eggs Butter Vanilla Extract Brown Sugar Cocoa Powder Granulated Sugar Marshmallows Kosher Salt Flour Holiday Cookies Eat: Bon Appétit!
Buttermilk Atlanta Easter Thanksgiving Southern Baking Breakfast Dinner Party Vegetarian Baking Powder Baking Soda Dairy Butter Brunch Bread Biscuits Weeknight Dinner Flour Winter Comfort Food Easy Eat: Bon Appétit!
Buttermilk Atlanta New Year's Eve Christmas Southern Baking Breakfast Dinner Party Hangover Cure Baking Powder Baking Soda Gravy Sauces Milk Dairy

########
Rank: 1
Score: 60.380623
Retrieved Text: The cupcake craze has met its gluten-free match. An experience that begins as the butter cream frosting melts in your mouth and finishes with a satisfying vanilla cake. A beautiful pairing for any special event including a private party of one.
Ingredients:Flour Blend(White Rice Flour,Potato Starch, Potato Flour), Eggs, Brown Sugar,Butter,Invert Sugar, Milk,Water,Vanilla Extract,Leavening(Sodium Bicarbonate,Sodium Acid Pyrophosphate,Monocalcium Phospate),Soy Lecithin,Xanthan Gum, Salt,Almond Extract.
Baked in a facility that processes nuts.
Ingredients: Flour Blend(White Rice Flour,Potato Starch, Potato Flour), Eggs, Brown Sugar,Butter,Invert Sugar, Milk,Cocoa Powder,Water,Vanilla Extract,Leavening(Sodium Bicarbonate,Sodium Acid Pyrophosphate,Monocalcium Phospate),Soy Lecithin,Xanthan Gum, Salt,Almond Extract.
Copyright © 2015 Lucky Spoon Bakery. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 60.13027
Retrieved Text: We hope you saved room for dessert!
Let’s take things back to basics and focus on a classic favorite – cake!
In a large bowl, beat together the butter and sugar until fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time and then beat in the vanilla. Combine the flour, baking powder and salt in a separate bowl. Slowly add this to the butter mixture, alternating the milk as well. Grease 2 9-inch round cake pans and evenly distribute the batter into the pans. Bake for 30-35 minutes at 350 degrees. After baking, cool and ice with your favorite frosting!
In a large mixing bowl, mix together the sugar, flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add the eggs, oil, milk and vanilla. Beat this until well combined and then add the boiling water. Pour the batter into 2 9-inch greased round cake pans. Bake for 30-35 minutes at 350 degrees. Allow to cool for 10 minutes before frosting!
A delicious spin on regular banana bread, this banana cake is sure to satisfy!
To begin, put 1 1/2 tablespoons of the lemon juice and the milk in a measuring cup and set aside. In a separate bowl, mix together the mixed bananas and 1 tablespoon of lemon juice and set that aside as well. Next, beat together the butter, brown and white sugar until well combined. Add in the eggs one at a time and the vanilla. Beat all of this together until a frosting texture appears. Combine the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Alternate adding the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 59.934357
Retrieved Text: Wheat free and vegetarian/vegan recipes are also available!
Ingredients: Honey, wheat flour, eggs, butter, baking soda.
Filling: Milk, egg, unmodified potato starch, sugar.
Icing: Butter, condensed milk, freshly squeezed carrot juice for color.
Ingredients: Wheat flour, eggs, sugar, salt, baking soda, peach juice, olive oil.
Filling: Homemade peach puree, pears, apples, half and half, egg yolk, wheat flour.
Icing: Chocolate (optional), cream cheese/sour cream, sugar.
Traditional European cake of many layers filled with custard. Great combination of flavor and texture.
Ingredients: Butter, egg, water, wheat flour, vinegar, salt.
Traditional Latin American dessert. Very moist, rich and flavorful.
Ingredients: Wheat flour, eggs, sugar, condensed milk, evaporated milk, half & half, vanilla extract, baking powder.
Frosting: Seasonal fruits and berries, heavy whipping cream, sugar powder, gelatine.
Great for a tea party. Sweet, sour and bitter flavor combination.
Ingredients: Homemade greek yogurt, wheat flour, cocoa, homemade butter, sugar, eggs, water, baking soda, vanilla extract.
Cheese lovers' choice. Rich and creamy.
Airy, sweet, moist it will melt in your mouth.
Ingredients: Eggs, farina, sugar, vanilla extract, milk.
Ingredients: Sour cream, wheat flour, sugar, salt, egg.
Icing: Boiled condensed milk, chocolate, blackberries.
Tender, moist with bitter Amaretto and fresh orange aromas.
Ingredients: Almonds, wheat flour, eggs, salt, sugar, sour cream.
Filling: Fruits, Amaretto, freshly squeezed orange juice, milk, egg, unmodified potato starch, sugar, butter.
Icing: cream cheese or sour cream, sugar, orange juice, almond meal.
Rich chocolate cake with so many different fillings you can think of.
Ingredients: Cocoa, wheat flour, eggs, boiling water, milk, sugar, salt.
Ingredients: Wheat flour, cocoa powder, egg, sugar, cherries, cherry liquor, chocolate.
Filling: Heavy whipping cream/ homemade farmers cheese, gelatin, cherry jam/ cherry jelly.
Ingredients: Wheat flour, sugar, eggs, baking soda.
Filling: Lemon

########
Rank: 4
Score: 58.914955
Retrieved Text: Vanilla gets a bad rap, doesn't it? It's equated with being plain and boring. Sure, when vanilla, particularly vanilla cake or cupcakes, is done poorly it's pretty "meh". But when vanilla cake or cupcakes are done well they are delicious.
And let me tell you, these vanilla cupcakes are delicious! They make the perfect foundation for any other flavor, filling, frosting, or just all on their own.
I have been testing out vanilla cupcake recipes for a while. Everything from Martha Stewart to How to Cake It. While everything I tried was good and definitely tasty, nothing really knocked my socks off until this recipe. These cupcakes are light and airy, yet moist and rich. They pack a serious vanilla punch that is anything but plain and boring.
Cake flour is nice and all, and will definitely make the texture of the cupcakes a bit lighter and softer, but it is not necessary. You can still make a darn good cupcake with all purpose flour.
Always use whole milk. I have learned over the years that when it comes to baking (and lots of other things, actually), whole milk is king. Please do not use 2% or (dare I even say it) skim. And if you do, don't tell me about it, k?
Measure your flour by spooning your flour into the measuring cup, then level. While some other recipes are a little bit more forgiving with the amount of flour, you don't want to weigh down your cake or cupcakes with any more flour than the recipe calls for.
To make

########
Rank: 5
Score: 58.23307
Retrieved Text: I really enjoy making birthday treats for family and friends, especially if I have a good idea of something new they might like. For example, my mother-in-law is a lover of lavender, so I knew I wanted to try to make a dessert with lavender for her birthday celebration the other weekend.
I had never cooked with lavender before, so it was a new experience for me. I allowed the buds to sit in the milk for a few hours to soften up and flavor the milk. The aroma coming from the oven while these were baking was delightful, and the lavender flavor in the cupcakes afterwards was mild, yet noticeable. My favorite part was probably the frosting. Using a fresh vanilla bean gave it a strong vanilla flavor, while the buttercream practically melted in our mouths. Enjoy!
In a food processor, combine milk and lavender and pulse about 1 - 1 1/2 minutes until lavender is well chopped, scrapping down inside of processor once during processing. Pour into liquid measuring cup (be sure to scrape out all of milk and lavender from sides and lid), and allow to sit for at least one hour or overnight in the refrigerator.
In a mixing bowl, whisk together cake flour, baking powder and salt; set aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment, whip butter and sugar on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 4 minutes, occasionally scraping down sides of bowl. Blend in agave nectar. Add eggs one at a time and mix just

########
Rank: 6
Score: 57.73641
Retrieved Text: To my surprise, the family came up with an ingenious plan to not eat the fresh bananas that I purchased. They cleverly figured out that the bananas would begin to get spotted, and then I would turn the ripe bananas into one of my one hundred and one banana dessert recipes. Okay, who can blame them?…This moist banana cake is better than a plain ole banana any day. I use the same Brown Butter Frosting that I use for my Frosted Banana Bars. When you know something’s good you just keep rolling with it! It’s like when you go to a restaurant, and you order the same thing time after time. But if you are willing to step outside the box, cream cheese and peanut butter frosting make an excellent choice for this cake too!
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 x 13 inch cake pan.
Cream together the butter or margarine and the sugar.
Add eggs, bananas, flour, soda, salt, and vanilla. Mix thoroughly and pour batter into the prepared pan.
Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Cool and frost cake.
Melt the butter in a saucepan or stainless steel (not nonstick) skillet over medium heat.
Bring the butter to a gentle simmer, turning the heat down if needed, until the solids lightly brown and the butter smells caramelly and fragrant.
Immediately remove from the heat and add the powdered sugar, vanilla and milk, whisking until smooth and creamy.
Add more milk if needed to achieve a thick but spreadable

########
Rank: 7
Score: 56.870613
Retrieved Text: Toffee Popcorn Cupcakes – Deliciously moist and fluffy vanilla cupcakes stuffed full of toffee popcorn, and topped with a creamy buttercream frosting with popcorn bits!
These Toffee Popcorn Cupcakes are just so fun to make, and even more fun to eat. Why not change things up, and serve these on movie night?
To make these cupcakes, simply whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.
Whisk together the eggs and sugar until combined. Add the vanilla extract, butter, and yogurt, and whisk until combined. Fold in the dry ingredients, then fold in the toffee popcorn.
Divide the batter evenly between a muffin pan lined with muffin cases, filling them only 2/3 full. Place a few extra popcorn pieces on top, if desired.
Bake for 15 – 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the centre comes out clean. Allow to cool for 5 minutes in the pan, before transferring them to a wire rack to cool completely before frosting.
For the frosting, beat the butter until pale and creamy. Add half of the icing sugar and beat until smooth and combined. Repeat with the remaining icing sugar. Add the milk, and beat until light, fluffy, and spreadable.
Mix in the crushed popcorn until evenly incorporated.
Pipe or spread the frosting onto the cooled cupcakes, then top each cupcake with toffee popcorn.
Try these delicious cupcakes next!
Deliciously moist and fluffy vanilla cupcakes stuffed full of toffee popcorn, and topped with a creamy buttercream frosting with popcorn bits!
Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with muffin cases, and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 55.325336
Retrieved Text: Super duper chocolate brownie with a rich peanut butter frosting on the top.
Heat oven to 350 F. Grease 13x9x2-inch baking pan.
In large bowl, beat butter, sugar and vanilla. Add eggs; beat well. Stir together flour and baking soda; add alternately with syrup to butter mixture. Stir in 1 cup peanut butter chips; reserve remaining 2/3 cup chips for frosting. Pour batter into prepared pan.
Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until brownies begin to pull away from sides of pan. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Frost with Peanut Butter Brownie Frosting. Cut into squares. About 24 brownies.
In small saucepan, combine sugar, evaporated milk and butter. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until mixture comes to full boil. Remove from heat. Quickly stir in peanut butter chips until melted; stir in vanilla. Beat to spreading consistency. About 1 cup frosting.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 55.315704
Retrieved Text: Our thanks to Roslyn from Sooke for submitting this recipe.
Grease and flour 15x10-inch jelly roll pan.
Beat sugar, sour cream, butter and eggs in large bowl until creamy. Blend in bananas and vanilla. Add flour, baking soda and salt; blend for 1 minute. Stir in walnuts. Spread evenly in baking pan. Bake 20 - 25 minutes until golden brown. Let cool slightly then cut into bars.
For Frosting: heat butter in large saucepan over medium heat until bubbling; let it turn a delicate brown and remove from heat immediately. Add powdered sugar, vanilla and milk and whisk until smooth. For best results, spread the frosting over bars while they're still warm.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 55.1629
Retrieved Text: We are having a surprise baby shower at work this week, so I decided it was time to get creative. I looked through one of my new cook books by a bakery in New York. This is a slight variation of their basic pink cake in a more manly cupcake form. The frosting is not from the same cookbook though, and the colors were changed to match a “It’s a boy!” color scheme. The cupcake and frosting mixture works well together, but I would give the frosting an A/A- and the cake more a B/B-.
1) Cream together butter and sugar.
2) Add eggs and vanilla to the bowl, and mix well into the sugar and butter.
3) Slowly add flour, baking powder, and salt until fully incorporated.
4) Measure out milk and add blue and yellow food coloring if desired to the milk before adding to the batter.
5) Mix in milk and a nice batter should be formed.
6) Line cupcake tray with liners. Fill liners 2/3 of the way full.
7) Bake for 25 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean and edges are browned.
1) With the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and Crisco until smooth and fluffy.
2) Add vanilla and almond extra and a pinch of salt.
3) Beat in half the powdered sugar, add the milk, add the rest of the powdered sugar or until a frosting texture begins to form. If you wish to make the frosting a different color, add the food coloring to the milk.
4) Switch to the whisk attachment and beat the frosting

########
Rank: 11
Score: 55.15113
Retrieved Text: pkg of 6 chocolate cupcakes with vanilla frosting . Topped with rainbow sprinkles. Cake: sugar, flour, milk, eggs, oil, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, vanilla, apple cider vinegar & salt. Frosting: sugar, shortening, flavoring, salt.
Be the first to review “Vanilla Frosted Chocolate Cupcakes with Sprinkles-6 pack” Click here to cancel reply.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 55.10555
Retrieved Text: White chocolate cake and white chocolate frosting, what more could a chocolate lover ask for? This heavy textured cake is matched perfectly with a thick heavy white chocolate frosting and filling. An irresistible cake that everyone will enjoy.
Grease and flour two 8-inch round cake pans and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Sift the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt together; set aside.
In a small saucepan, over low heat, melt the white chocolate together with the hot water; stir until smooth. Allow this mixture to cool to room temperature.
Cream the butter and the sugar together in a large mixing bowl until fluffy. Begin adding the eggs one at a time, beating well after adding each.
Stir in the flour mixture by hand, alternating back and forth with the buttermilk until all has been incorporated.
Mix in the melted white chocolate and vanilla.
Once the batter is well mixed, pour it into the prepared cake pans and bake for 30 minutes or just until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean.
Remove from the oven and allow to cool for 10 minutes before removing from the pans. Place on a rack to cool completely before frosting.
In a saucepan, add the white chocolate, flour, and milk. Stirring constantly, cook over medium heat until very thick.
In a mixing bowl, cream together the butter, sugar, and vanilla until fluffy. Slowly mix in the cooled white chocolate mixture.
Once chocolate mixture is mixed in, beat at high speed until the frosting is the consistency of whipped cream.
Frost the cake by adding

########
Rank: 13
Score: 55.01231
Retrieved Text: Preheat oven to 350°. Grease and flour two 9-inch round cake pans. Combine flour and baking powder in medium bowl; set aside.
Beat sugar with Country Crock® Baking Sticks in large bowl with electric mixer until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, until blended. Combine milk and vanilla. Alternately beat in milk and flour mixtures until blended. Spread evenly into prepared pans.
Spread top of one cake layer with 1/3 of one can of frosting. Top with second cake layer, then frost sides and top with remaining 2/3 can. Tint remaining frosting as desired. Create your ugly sweater with colored frosting, candies and sprinkles.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 54.991
Retrieved Text: In a medium bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, spices, and salt. In a larger bowl, beat the butter, oil and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs and vanilla.
Add about 1/3 of the flour mixture to the butter mixture and stir it in by hand or with the electric mixer on low speed, just until it’s combined. Add about half the milk in the same manner, then another third of the flour, the rest of the milk, and the rest of the flour, mixing just until the batter is blended.
Fill a prepared 9" x 13" baking dish that has been lined with parchment paper. Bake for 25 minutes, or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean. Let cool completely before cutting out and frosting. Makes about 8 2" diameter cakes.
To make the frosting: In a small bowl or pot, stir together the brown sugar, water and vanilla. Stir it occasionally until the sugar is more or less dissolved.
In a medium bowl, beat the butter until creamy; add in the confectioner's sugar and about 3/4 of the brown sugar syrup and beat until smooth. Add more sugar or syrup as needed until you have a soft, spreadable icing.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 54.864727
Retrieved Text: Arrange rack in the middle of the oven. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 12 standard muffin cups with paper liners and spritz with Baker's Joy.
Place 2 unbroken eggs in a bowl of hot tap water.
Place chocolate and water in a microwaveable dish or in a double boiler and melt. Stir until mixture is smooth. Set it aside.
Cream the butter with the sugar until blended, then add the egg yolks and melted chocolate and mix thoroughly.
Sift the flour with the baking powder and salt onto a piece of wax paper. Spoon into the butter mixture in thirds, alternately with the milk and vanilla, stirring after each addition. Transfer the batter to the muffin cups.
Bake until a wooden pick comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes.
For the frosting, melt chocolate and butter together in a microwaveable bowl or double boiler until smooth.
Stir in confectioners' sugar, milk and vanilla extract and blend until smooth.
Let frosting stand until the cakes are cooled, then add milk as needed to thin the frosting.
Dip each cake into frosting.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 54.800167
Retrieved Text: Sweet, tender, and bursting with bananas, these grain-free banana toffee cupcakes have the perfect combination of flavors. They are the perfect grain-free cupcake!
This post is sponsored by Bob’s Red Mill. I was compensated for this post. Opinions are my own.
If you have a leftover banana that’s been sitting on your counter, and it’s super rip, you NEED to make these grain-free cupcakes. If not then you need to buy a banana and let it sit out until it’s brown and mushy and then make grain-free banana cupcakes.
The combination of flavors in these grain-free cupcakes is sophisticated and quite amazing. You can enjoy them plain or top them with your favorite gluten-free frosting.
We’ve been making recipes using almond flour for a few years now. One of my favorite recipes is my Paleo Chocolate Chip Muffins. This grain-free cupcake recipe is derived from it, and might be considered an upgrade to any grain-free banana cupcake recipe.
The combination of maple, cinnamon, banana, and vanilla create a toffee like flavor in these grain-free cupcakes. Yes, I did sprinkle some toffee on top of these almond flour cupcakes.
For those who are sticking to a refined sugar free diet, these grain-free banana toffee cupcakes are refined sugar free. It’s the frosting that’s not. Simply make your favorite sugar-free frosting or leave the frosting and toffee off altogether to keep this grain-free banana toffee cupcake refined sugar free.
Is powdered sugar grain free?
Most powdered sugars contain a small percentage of cornstarch to prevent caking. Look for a brand that uses tapioca starch instead. We

########
Rank: 17
Score: 54.696808
Retrieved Text: My favorite Girl Scout cookies are Samoas, or Caramel deLites. I love the soft and chewy coconut, caramel, and chocolate topping over the crunchy vanilla cookie. After seeing friends post this link from Pinterest on their Facebook pages, I decided to check out the recipe -- just to see what the hype was all about.
Not only does this cake look exactly like a Samoa, but it has all of the components to give it that rich caramel-coconut-chocolate flavor.
Yes, it may have a bunch of steps, yes, it might take you a while to make, and yes, your kitchen will look like a bomb went off, but it is so worth it.
This cake uses two batters to create a swirl of brown sugar cake and rich chocolate cake. To make your life a whole lot easier, I suggest measuring the dry ingredients for each batter first.
For the brown sugar batter measure 3/4 cup of All-Purpose flour, or cake flour, 3/4 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda and 1/4 teaspoon salt. For the chocolate batter, measure 3/4 cup and two tablespoons All-Purpose flour, or cake flour, 1/2 cup and two tablespoons cocoa powder (this will give it the rich chocolate flavor), 3/4 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda and 1/2 teaspoon of salt.
Once you complete that step, begin to make the brown sugar batter by creaming a stick of unsalted butter and one cup of dark brown sugar. Add two eggs, beating after each addition, then add 1/2 cup whole milk. Incorporate the pre-measured dry ingredients

########
Rank: 18
Score: 54.41231
Retrieved Text: Happy Birthday EB! This time I needed a dessert that would travel easily, handle well and not require a fork. EB's favorite type of cake is German Chocolate Cake and last year I made her this Inside-Out German Chocolate Cake, which was pretty awesome(http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/Inside-Out-German-Chocolate-Cake-103202). This year I thought I would turn this cake into a whoopie pie. I made Devil's Food Whoopie Pies and took the normal creamy, nutty, coconuty frosting and used it to fill these decedant pies.
*Makes 10-12 large whoopie pies.
2. Spread coconut on a baking pan and the pecans on another baking pan.
3. Place coconut on lower third oven rack and pecans on top third oven rack.
4. Toast until coconut is golden brown, stirring occasionally for 12 to 18 minutes. Remove pans from oven and let cool.
6. Increase oven temperauture to 425 degrees F.
7. Pour sweetened condenced milk into a 9 inch pie pan. Cover tightly with aluminium foil.
8. Place pan in a water bath. I used a 9x13 inch cake pan and filled the pan 3/4 full with water.
9. Bake milk for 45 minutes in the middle of the oven.
11. Remove pie pan from water bath. In a medium sauce pan, pour in the milk and mix in the coconut, pecans and vanilla. Keep warm on stove while baking whoopie pies. Stir occationally.
2. Cream together butter and sugar. Then mix in egg and vanilla extract. Set aside.
3. Whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt.
4. Add the flour and milk to the sugar-butter mixture, alternating between flour and milk, mixing between

########
Rank: 19
Score: 54.405315
Retrieved Text: This is a homemade yellow layer cake with chocolate buttercream frosting. It’s not the neatest decorating job, but at least now I know what a cookie gun can do well, and can’t, in terms of frosting. (Next time I will use an icing bag to manually control the flow of frosting better. Notice how I blamed the tool instead of the user – hah!) Still it tastes really good, which is the most important part!
Below is the recipe for both the yellow cake and the chocolate buttercream frosting, although I switched out some fo the all-purpose flour for some cake flour to give it a slightly finer texture.
Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Mix in milk, oil, and softened (not melted) butter, and vanilla. Mix in three eggs and stir until well combined and as smooth as possible.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Oil 2 or 3 9-inch round pans for layers. Bake 20-25 minutes, 20 minutes for three pans, 25 for two, although each oven is different. If toothpick comes out clean, you’re done. Cool on baking rack before turning out of pan.
In medium bowl, sift sugar and cocoa together to get rid of any clumps. (Can also toss them into the food processor together for a few very short bursts.) Set aside.
In large bowl, mix butter and vanilla together. Add sugar and cocoa mixture. Then add milk and stir until smooth. If too thick add a teaspoon of milk at a time until desired consistency. If too runny, add a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 54.122665
Retrieved Text: One of the most cherished symbols of the holiday season is and always has been the candy cane. They are usually one of the first things little children come to associate with the holidays and they stir a sense of nostalgia in adults bringing back cherished memories. From their bright and cheerful seasonal red and white twist of colors to the sweet smell and taste of peppermint, holidays just wouldn’t be the same without candy canes and it is what inspired these irresistible peppermint cupcakes.
I’d by lying if I didn’t say I was a bit peppermint obsessed. I’ve clearly passed this trait onto my children, who can’t wait each year to buy our first box of candy canes as soon as they appear on the shelves (which is like June these days, but whatever, fa la la la). Also, while I’ve always loved to bake, we’re such a busy family that I rarely have time to share this passion of mine with my kids.
However, the holidays are the exception, because we have a yearly tradition of setting aside a whole day to do nothing but bake yummy goodies. We must make about a 1/2 dozen different kinds of cookies and confections. I’m always looking for new recipes to try and sometimes when I can’t quite find what I’m looking for I whip up my own little creation.
This year, it’s the year of the peppermint cupcake or as we affectionately call it our “Ode to the Candy Cane.” I hadn’t realized until recently that the candy cane

########
Rank: 21
Score: 54.055363
Retrieved Text: For my birthday, I did not go out and buy a cake already made, or bought a cake mix and frosting already made. Of course, I was going to make my cake from scratch! So on this Aspie Recipes post, I am going to show you how I made a homemade chocolate cake, with white frosting! Here’s what you need!
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Mix together sugar, flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder, and salt in a bowl.
2. Add the eggs, milk, oil, water, and vanilla extract. Mix for a few minutes until well blended.
3. Grease and flour a cake pan, pour batter into the cake pan, and bake in 350 degree oven for 30-35 minutes. Check with a toothpick to see if it’s done.
4. While cake is cooling, mix together the softened butter, confectioners sugar, milk, and vanilla extract.
5. Since I used one pan, cut the cake in half. Cover the cake with frosting!
And that’s it, I enjoyed this cake, and you will too!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 53.95496
Retrieved Text: Hands up if you love VANILLA! These Double Vanilla Cupcakes are infused with the velvety, sweet vanilla flavour in both the frosting and the cake. Make them for a birthday or office party,!
Step 1- Preheat oven to 350°F and prepare the cupcake pan: Line a 12-cup muffin or cupcake tin with cupcake liners and set aside.
Step 2- Steep vanilla bean pod and seeds in hot milk: While the oven preheats, cut open and scrape out the seeds of a vanilla bean.
Place the seeds, milk and the empty bean in a small saucepan. Warm over to the medium heat for a few minutes until the milk is starting to steam. Be careful not scald the milk or boil.
Step 3- Whisk together dry ingredients In one bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt.
Step 4- Whisk vanilla milk, extract, and sour cream: In another bowl whisk together the vanilla-steeped milk, vanilla extract, and sour cream.
Step 5- Begin making the cupcake batter: Beat the butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a beater attachment for about 3 minutes on medium speed, then add the sugar and beat until light about 3-4 minutes.
Add the egg and beat for 30 seconds. Add the egg xwhites, one at a time, beating for 25-30 seconds each. Scrape down the sides of the mixing bowl.
Step 6- Finish the cupcake batter: Add half the flour mixture to the batter and mix on low until combined. Then add all of the milk and mix it to combine. Finally, add the remaining flour

########
Rank: 23
Score: 53.722813
Retrieved Text: The post 27 Guilt-Free Keto Chocolate Cake Recipes appeared first on Keto Summit.
Why give up chocolate cake just because you’re on Keto? It may come as a surprise that chocolate is a Keto-friendly ingredient, but it really is – you just need to make sure it’s the right kind you’re using.
Sorry – the common milk chocolate is nowhere near Keto… A good rule of thumb would be; the darker, the better. I try to stick with 80-90% dark chocolate, and always the sugar-free/unsweetened kind. It’s perfect for baking but I have to admit, I do enjoy a piece with a cup of coffee, occasionally!
While I wouldn’t recommend having chocolate cake every day of the week (especially if you’re on Keto to lose weight), it’s important that you get to enjoy your favorite dessert every now and then. I also love the fact that I can serve chocolate cake when my friends come over – it’s always hard for them to believe it’s “diet cake”!
Even though you should choose sugar-free chocolate, it doesn’t mean your Keto chocolate cake has to taste bland. There are various sweeteners that are ok to use on Keto; here’s a great article to help you choose the right kind.
I’ve included various different types of chocolate cake on this list, to make sure there’s something for everyone and every occasion. Dairy-free or even flourless is not a problem! And if you’re in a hurry, why not try a chocolate mug cake. It’s ready in minutes!
–>> Click Here to see how easy it can

########
Rank: 24
Score: 53.653187
Retrieved Text: Brown Sugar Blondies are chewy and delicious and the flavor is amazing. My favorite part is the frosting on top!
I’ve always been team vanilla over team chocolate. Whether it’s cookies, ice cream or brownies I pick vanilla every time so it’s only natural that I prefer a blondie over a brownie. The brown sugar in these blondies give them a deep, rich flavor and the sugary frosting adds even more amazing flavor. I topped them with chopped up pecans for some crunch. You could also add some pecans into the brown sugar blondies if you like but I’m not a fan of nuts in my baked goods so I only put them on top (and then I pick them off) because my husband likes them.
The base of blondie is chewy and the frosting is a similar to the frosting on a Texas sheet cake, it’s not a super creamy frosting but is more sugary and delicious! My husband said he’d like the frosting a little creamier but I loved it just the way it was.
Mix together sugars, butter, vanilla and eggs until light and fluffy.
Mix in flour, baking powder and salt. Spread into an ungreased 9 x 13 pan, spread evenly.
Add in milk and cook until it comes to a rolling boil. Remove from heat.
Add in powdered sugar gradually and vanilla. Spread over brownies. Sprinkle with pecans.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 53.63372
Retrieved Text: Chocolate cake cookies made with almond flour, coconut milk, coco powder, eggs. baking soda and powder to get a rise out of the dough. Frosting filling made with vegetable shortening, powdered sugar, and vanilla. Made for a friends caveman themed party where several of the guests were on the paleo or hunter gatherer diet. Though this recipe treads the line of Paleo diet, it's meant to be a treat and not a diet food by any means. Those that were on the diet welcomed the sweet treat after being deprived of all sugar for months.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 53.54958
Retrieved Text: Carefully piping on icing is the secret to making these adorable Halloween cupcakes.
Heat the oven to 350 degrees. Line 24 muffin tins with paper liners, then mist the liners with cooking spray.
In a small saucepan over medium-high, bring the water to a boil. Whisk in the cocoa powder and sugar until smooth, then allow the chocolate mixture to cool off the heat for about 15 minutes.
While the chocolate mixture cools, in a medium bowl combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In another medium bowl, use an electric mixer to beat together the eggs, oil, sour cream and vanilla. Add the cooled chocolate mixture and beat just to combine. Add the flour mixture in 3 batches, beating on low speed just until the flour is incorporated.
Divide the batter between the cupcake liners, filling each one three-quarters full. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted at the center of a cupcake comes out clean. Cool in the pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes, then remove the cupcakes from the pan and finish cooling them in their liners on the wire rack.
While the cupcakes are cooling, make the frosting. In a medium bowl, use an electric mixer to blend together the butter, marshmallow spread, powdered sugar and vanilla. Add the milk, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the frosting is creamy but still firm. You may not need all of the milk.
To decorate the cooled cupcakes, fill a pastry bag fitted with a basket weave decorating tip with the frosting.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 53.360504
Retrieved Text: In a large bowl, combine the cake mix, water, oil and egg whites; beat on low speed for 30 seconds. Beat on high for 2 minutes. Gently fold in crushed cookies. Pour into two paper lined jumbo muffin pans.
Bake at 350 degrees F. for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks to cool completely.
For frosting, beat the shortening, sugar, milk and vanilla in another large bowl until smooth. Spread frosting over tops of cupcakes. If desired, decorate the top with whole and crushed cookies.
Sift flour, baking powder and salt together. Cream sugar and butter with electric mixer; add egg and beat. Add vanilla. Beat in flour and milk, alternately until well blended. Beat two minutes. Place ice cream cones on baking sheet. Spoon batter to half-fill each cone. Bake at 375 degrees F for 15-20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Frost with your favorite frosting.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Put 12 paper liners in a 12-hole muffin pan. Place the butter and sugar in a bowl and beat together until light and fluffy. Gradually beat in the eggs. Sift in the flour and fold in gently using a metal spoon. Fold in milk. Spoon the batter into the paper liners. Bake in the preheated oven for 15-20 minutes, until golden brown and firm to the touch. Transfer to a wire rack

########
Rank: 28
Score: 53.253227
Retrieved Text: Make cake: Preheat oven to 375°F. Mist an 8-inch square pan with cooking spray. Mix flour, baking powder and salt. With an electric mixer, beat butter, oil and sugar. Beat in eggs and egg white, then vanilla. Mash bananas with milk.
Stir half of dry ingredients into butter mixture, then stir in banana mixture. Mix in remaining dry ingredients. Pour batter into baking pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean, about 40 to 45 minutes. Let cake cool in pan on a wire rack.
Make frosting: With an electric mixer, beat cream cheese and vanilla. Reduce speed and gradually beat in confectioners' sugar. Spread cake with frosting and sprinkle with walnuts, if desired.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 53.22468
Retrieved Text: Butter cake with mocha frosting – better than the box!
This is a big week for the Myricks: Logan comissions and grafduates! Obviously we’ve got a big weekend of celebrations ahead, and I’ll share more soon. But this made me want to share a celebratory cake recipe!
One of my aspirations for being a well-rounded chef is to make cakes that are just as good as the box mix cakes.
Who’s with me? I have no idea what manner of magic they put in that stuff, but box cakes are so good. Made even better by the fact that its so stinking easy to make.
So when I found Mark Bittman‘s butter cake recipe, I knew this was a good place to start for a classic vanilla cake.
Eat more of it than I’m willing to admit on the Internet. And then another slice for breakfast the next day.
Next time you need a cake, make this one. You’ll thank me later.
Egg yolks give this cake its richness.
Cream the butter and add sugar.
Add the eggs, one at a time. This is apparently very important – something about making sure the proteins of the yolks combine properly.
With all eggs mixed in, the texture looks something like this.
Add 1/3 of the dry ingredients to the mixture, then 1/3 of the milk.
Keep alternating until all the milk and flour is incorporated.
Divide the batter between two greased cake pans.
While the cake is baking, melt the chocolate.
Once again, beat the butter.
Add in sugar, milk, and chocolate.
Keep adding sugar and milk, along with coffee, vanilla, and salt. Combine

================



======= Instance Index 24862 =========
Input Text: Context: Jesse was complaining hip pain. Addison put Jesse's hands on Jesse's hips and pointed out the presence of some kind of mass or bump.

Question: How would you describe Addison?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: a hip specialist

B: an observant person

C: a medical professional

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 66.95867
Retrieved Text: Jesse's dad was very handy with his hands. He could build practically anything. One day he built a digidometer, which helped Jesse with his homework. Another time his dad built a pickleodon, to help Jesse's mom open jars of pickles. Jesse's dad had been spending a lot of time in the garage with the door locked. He wouldn't let Jesse or his mom in to see what he was doing.
Jesse tried peeking through the key hole, but his dad had put tape over it. "I wonder what my dad is building in there."
A few days later Jesse's dad opened the garage door. "Jesse, you and your mom can come and see what I've done."
They both ran into the garage. "Wow! It's a spaceship. Does it work?" Jesse ran his hands over the green paint and the glass dome.
"Of course it works, Jesse. I'm going to take a flight in it. If it works all right, then I'll take you both for a ride."
Jesse's dad put on a special pink and green suit he'd made. He climbed into the spaceship and turned it on. Vroom. Vroom. He flew out of the garage and straight up into the sky. "Wow! Look at Dad go!"
The spaceship flew past Mars and Venus and Saturn and through stars and past comets. When Jesse's dad landed, he opened the lid. "It worked and it was fun. Climb in Jesse and you too," he said to his wife.
They flew up into the sky and through the stars. Jesse was so excited. He saw

########
Rank: 1
Score: 56.25075
Retrieved Text: This is Jesse John Hughes's basic pedigree chart. There are many additional tools for Jesse's genealogy below.
Here is a collection of tools for genealogists with an interest in Jesse's family history.
If you are a genealogist but don't want to login right now see the contact information below. Please don't leave if you have data and sources to add for Jesse.
This page is empty. Do you know who Jesse's parents were? Please contact profile managers.
This shows up to five generations of children and grandchildren of Jesse along with their spouses.
Genetic genealogy is the new frontier. Our two DNA views are designed to help you use genetic testing to confirm and expand Jesse's genealogy. The DNA Ancestors page shows the specific ancestors from whom Jesse gets his Y chromosome and mitochondrial DNA. Especially helpful for some serious genetic genealogists is the inheritance pattern for Jesse's X chromosome, also shown here. The DNA Descendants page shows exactly who has inherited Jesse's testable DNA.
This tool helps you take things a step beyond the DNA Ancestors and DNA Descendants views. The ambitious goal: scientific confirmation of each parent-child relationship in Jesse's tree. This is still fairly complex but it's getting simpler every day.
How many degrees of separation are between Jesse and Henry VIII? This Connection Finder includes relationships through marriage, so it is not a genealogical cousin calculator like our Relationship Finder, but it's a fun way to illustrate how closely we're all connected.
There aren't any photographs or source images for Jesse yet. Login to upload one.
This page shows all the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 55.347107
Retrieved Text: Well hey there! Somehow it's Friday again and it's already time for another Recent Things post! Wasn't I just posting this a second ago?!
Anyhow, I have lots to share with you - so let's jump right into it!
We continued our celebration tradition (I can't say birthday because we do this for our anniversary too) and headed to see the movies in LUX/Gold Class - because why wouldn't you want to relax in a comfy recliner and have food and drinks delivered to you on your birthday?
On birthdays, we go all out because we don't do gifts - so Jesse ordered a burger and fries for lunch whilst we watched Beauty and the Beast - and he was in HEAVEN!
FYI, Aussies! Hoyts Lux is 10000x better than Event Cinemas' Gold Class because your drinks and popcorn are included - and the food is better too (according to Jesse).
Speaking of birthdays, next week I have to share Jesse's birthday cake recipe with you... well... birthday cookie... ice cream... cake. It's incredible!
Recently Hating: My hair. Because it's been so rainy lately, my hair barometer has been in FULL force. Talk about crazy frizzy hair!
Recent Grossness: Jesse's actual birthday dinner. BLEUUUUUUUUUGH!
Can you see how big that steak is? Look at how small the LOBSTER piece is in comparison... and that was a BAKING TRAY.
For Jesse's birthday I told him I'd buy and make him whatever he wanted for his birthday dinner - and boy did he take advantage of that.
And then because that expensive steak wasn't enough - he decided

########
Rank: 3
Score: 55.31278
Retrieved Text: Jesse's partner was Laura Ellen Coleman . and they gave birth to Jessie T Coleman.
Jesse Anderson Coleman’s biography is built and maintained by people like you. Create an online profile of Jesse so that their life is remembered forever. If any factual information is incorrect, please edit Jesse’s biography.
This genealogy profile is dedicated to the life and ancestry of Jesse Anderson Coleman and their immediate Coleman family. Add to Jesse Anderson Coleman's genealogy page to share your memories & historical research with their family and other genealogy hobbyists.
Do you know when and/or where Jesse was born? Add Jesse's birth date.
Do you know the final resting place - gravesite in a cemetery or location of cremation - of Jesse Anderson Coleman? Add burial and funeral information.
Did Jesse move a lot? Did they emigrate from another country? Add Jesse's last known location.
Jesse's average age compared to other Coleman family members is unknown.
It is unknown if Jesse Anderson Coleman is a military veteran.
Want to know what happened during Jesse Anderson Coleman's life? Enter this person's date of birth or date of death and you can see a timeline of events during this person's lifetime.
This obit of Jesse Anderson Coleman is updated by the community. Edit this biography to contribute to their obituary. Include details such as cemetery, burial, newspaper obituary and grave or marker inscription if available.
No cause of death has been entered for Jesse. Jesse's partner was Laura Ellen Coleman . and they gave birth to Jessie T Coleman.
What do you remember about Jesse Anderson Coleman? Share your

########
Rank: 4
Score: 54.476814
Retrieved Text: Overview... a 104-year-old who doesn't look a day over 17. Unlike other immortal teenagers, however, Jesse Tuck doesn't chose to brood on his hapless fate. The way Jesse sees it, being 17 forever is actually kind of fun. So when 10-year-old Winnie Foster stumbles onto the Tuck home, Jesse's more than happy to show her the perks of being immortal.
Personality... charming and carefree, but not entirely happy. While he's adjusted to immortality better than the rest of his family, Jesse has a few quibbles with never aging. He'd like to fall in love, for one, but it's hard to do that when Jesse's guaranteed to outlive any romantic partner he finds – never mind not aging.
Jesse Tuck's popularity ranking on CharacTour is #544 out of 5,000+ characters. See our top-ranked characters and read their profiles.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.281258
Retrieved Text: SAN ANTONIO - A jury on Wednesday awarded a San Antonio family just under $125 million in their civil suit against Audi and a driver.
Just over three years ago, Jesse Rivera Jr., who was 7 at the time, was critically injured when the Audi he was riding in was rear-ended.
His father was driving Jesse and his brother to school when they were hit by Gloria Cordova. Jesse was left partially paralyzed and blind in one eye after the crash.
Jesse's parents sued Audi and Cordova. The family claimed that the driver's seat Jesse's father was sitting in was defective. They claimed the defective seat allowed the father's head to strike Jesse's, causing the injuries.
"We truly, truly hope that this leads to consideration by the auto manufacturer to study and control their seats so that this never ever happens to another child or another family," Fidel Rodriguez Jr. said on behalf of the family.
The father and Jesse's brother were not seriously injured in the crash.
During closing arguments, lawyers for the auto maker said the seats met industry standards. They said that Cordova is responsible for the crash and suggested that the child was not properly restrained.
The family was originally asking for $164 million.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.212067
Retrieved Text: What soap opera did Jesse star in ?
What was Jesse's first overseas trip to ?
How long did Jesse and Katie date ?
Is Jesse's birthday 4-9-86 ?
Who did the Dream Street producers say will be arrested first ?
In Jesse's freshmen year how long did he date a girl ?
What is Jesse's favorite book ?
Which quote was said by Jesse himself ?
"He's physically 16, but mentally, I'm not so sure"
"Fine I'm a liar, see I just lied"
"He doesn't like it when people make him think hard"
"Why not Dream Street horsies"
"Oh my god, we have fans"

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.73077
Retrieved Text: The summer of 1972 was the most pivotal of Matt Plumley's childhood. While his beloved Pirates battle for back-to-back World Series titles, Matt's family moves from Pittsburgh to Dogwood, West Virginia, where his father steps into the pulpit of a church under the thumb of town leader Basil Blackwood.
A fish out of water, Matt is relieved to forge a fast bond with two unlikely friends: Dickie Darrel Lee Hancock, a mixed-race boy, and Jesse Woods, a tough-as-nails girl with a sister on her hip and no dad in sight. As the trio traipses the hills and hollers, Matt begins to fall for Jesse, and their promises to each other draw him deeper into her terrifying reality.
One night, the wrath of the Blackwoods and the secrets of Jesse's family collide, and Matt joins Jesse in a rescue that saves one life and ends another . . . and severs the bond of their friendship.
Years later, Matt is pulled back to Dogwood and to memories of that momentous summer by news of Jesse's upcoming wedding. He could never shake the feeling that there was more to the story of that fateful night, and he's determined to learn the truth behind the only promise Jesse Woods ever broke.
The Promise of Jesse Woods released in July 2016 and received the 2017 Christianity Today Book Award of Merit in the Fiction category. For the complete list of 2017 winners and notables, please visit the Christianity Today website. The book also received the 2017 Christy Award in the General Fiction category. Visit

########
Rank: 8
Score: 53.37188
Retrieved Text: Jesse Jay Harris is a guitarist, singer, and songwriter based in Austin Texas. On most nights Jesse can be found playing his Telecaster and singing with his band or working as a sideman supporting other artists. Playing the wide open style called Honky Tonk music. With influences across the spectrum, jazz, rock, and country, players from Django Reinhardt to Johnny Greenwood have all been influences. Jesse has toured across the US and Europe with his own band and as a member of Rancho Deluxe for whom he produced 3 well received albums that have been heard often on Outlaw Country on Sirius Satellite Radio and was featured on FOX's Bones.
Music was a part of Jesse's family growing up, his father Greg Harris was a member of the Flying Burrito Brothers in the years following Gram Parson's untimely death. Jesse spent afternoons watching his dad play with greats like Sneaky Pete Kleinow and Garth Hudson among others. Greg's bluegrass roots have always been a cornerstone of the family music tree, whether it's pickin' after a sunday dinner, or on a festival stage, Bluegrass music was a strong part of Jesse's early development and stands today as a touchstone for both his writing and playing. Jesse would go on in later years to appear at several of the west coast's largest Bluegrass Festivals flatpickin the guitar and singing tenor for Cliff Wagner and the Old Number 7, which at the time was a successful Stanley Brother's style bluegrass band driven by the writing, singing, and playing of Greenwood

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.785667
Retrieved Text: Jesse McReynolds & the Virginia Boys - bluegrass music in the Jim & Jesse tradition, plus Jesse's own variety of styles.
Jesse McReynolds performing as a featured artist with other groups and styles of music.
Jesse's project on Woodstock Records!
Jesse McReynolds - mandolin & fiddle instruction workshops with a dash of history.
Jesse & the Virginia Boys and Amanda in Colorado at "Fiddle Fest"

########
Rank: 10
Score: 52.34598
Retrieved Text: Summary: Police Chief Jesse Stone is back in the remarkable new installment of the "New York Times"-bestselling series. It's been a long time since Jesse Stone left L.A., and still longer since the tragic injury that ruined his chances for a major league baseball career. When Jesse is invited to a reunion of his old Triple-A team at a hip New York city hotel, he is forced to grapple with his memories and regrets over what might have been. Jesse left more behind him than unresolved feelings about the play that ended his baseball career. The darkly sensuous Kayla, his former girlfriend and current wife of an old teammate is there in New York, too. As is Kayla's friend, Dee, an otherworldly beauty with secret regrets of her own. But Jesse's time at the reunion is cut short when, in Paradise, a young woman is found murdered and her boyfriend, a son of one of the town's most prominent families, is missing and presumed kidnapped. Though seemingly coincidental, there is a connection between the reunion and the crimes back in Paradise. As Jesse, Molly, and Suit hunt for the killer and for the missing son, it becomes clear that one of Jesse's old teammates is intimately involved in the crimes. That there are deadly forces working below the surface and just beyond the edge of their vision. Sometimes, that's where the danger comes from, and where real evil lurks. Not out in the light--but in your blind spot.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.77437
Retrieved Text: When the United States needs Jesse Murphrey's help, he responds. Jesse is a disaster relief volunteer, who goes wherever and whenever he's called. From the Pentagon to Ground Zero in 2001, to Florida four times in 2004 to offer hurricane catastrophe assistance, and to the Gulf Coast in 2005 to provide relief after hurricane Katrina, 73-year-old Murphrey is always ready to help.
But it was when Jesse was relaxing, in fact, just after a nap in his favorite recliner, when the heart attack hit. "I felt chest pressure, shortness of breath and I had this choking feeling," says Jesse.
Jesse's wife immediately called 911, which set into motion a Code STEMI response. STEMI stands for segment elevation myocardial infarction. The Code STEMI response is a coordinated effort between EMS technicians and WakeMed. When the EMS technician received the results of Jesse's EKG in the ambulance, those results were immediately transmitted to WakeMed.
At WakeMed, the Code STEMI team of emergency cardiac care specialists received the results and stood at the ready to help Jesse upon his arrival in the Emergency Department.
That coordinated rapid response is probably what saved Jesse's life. Upon his arrival at WakeMed, Jesse was rushed to the WakeMed Heart Center Cardiac Catheterization Lab, where a cardiologist opened his blocked artery and placed a stent in the area of the blockage to keep the artery open. He was in and out of the cath lab in under an hour.
The WakeMed Cardiac Care Unit was Jesse's next stop and where he awoke "feeling good," as he said. Three

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.477604
Retrieved Text: This episode is a complete shambles. With Andy out of town, Canadian/British comedian Jason John Whitehead (twitter.com/jjwhitesnake) drops in on Matt and Jesse attempting to make a Thanksgiving bonus episode in Jesse's bedroom. Topics include: Birthright trips to Israel! Thanksgiving stuff! Jesse's typewriter collection! Mighty hunters! Genetic inheritence of fears! Seahorse fluid dynamics! Illegal koala handling! Goosing!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 50.85279
Retrieved Text: Mother: Mary LAMB — or Mary RADABUGH?
Culp Jesse 32 M Laborer "
" Mary Jane 4 F "
It appears Jesse is a widower and Mary Jane is his daughter. Sarah (CULP) KEMPER is Jesse's sister. They are listed three households from Jesse's brother, David CULP.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.09277
Retrieved Text: In this week's episode, our trio dream of a vacation getaway, while we learn that the Cowboy might not be where Jesse left him earlier in the season. Denis gets a dog and we learned that the destruction of Europe was due in part to the humiliation of Hitler at the hands of a woman. We're also introduced to Jesse's scary grandma!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 48.83054
Retrieved Text: Trivia Quiz : Do You know Jesse?
Jesse has a cat named Oliver.
Has Jesse ever had braces?
Jesse was in the band Dream Street.
What is Jesse's favorite baseball team?
Jesse has a scar above his left eye.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 48.810947
Retrieved Text: During the 1970's, Jesse Garza Jr. and his wife Meg owned and operated San Jacinto Publishing Company, a small company that published 3 weekly newspapers for South Austin residents, The South Austin Herald, La Fuerza, and The Tribune. Because Jesse was a numismatic enthusiast most of his life, he closely watched gold and silver prices steadily climb throughout the decade. Due to the political and economic nature of the newspaper business, Jesse knew many influential community leaders in Austin, most of whom had interests in this burgeoning gold and silver market. During the late 70's, when the Hunt brothers attempted to corner the silver market, forcing the prices of gold and silver to skyrocket, because of Jesse's connections to these community leaders, he became South Austin's go-to guy for gold, silver, and coin brokering. These influential men would trust Jesse to find the right match to complete their desired transaction, whatever the amount may be, and in appreciation for his efforts, they would usually leave him a tip, in the form of some amount of gold and silver coins or jewelry. After about a year of doing this, he had accumulated enough merchandise from these tips to get out of the newspaper business and open Aztec Coins & Jewelry, named after Jesse's love for Mexican history. Together, Jesse and Meg worked diligently to build Aztec Coins and Jewelry to a successful business and it thrived in Austin for almost a decade.
Jesse Garza passed away in November of 2014, but Cristina's continues to run on the same

########
Rank: 17
Score: 48.63289
Retrieved Text: LOS ANGELES (AP) — A 13-year-old boy was miraculously rescued Monday after falling into a river of sewage in Los Angeles, getting swept away and spending more than 12 hours in the city’s toxic and mazelike underground sewer system.
Video released by the city later in the day showed long dark marks on the sides of the dank sewage pipe, which was about 4 feet (1 meter) in diameter, where Jesse's fingers would have slid.
"They never gave up hope," Hagekhalil said. "They wanted to bring Jesse back to his family."
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti was among the many Angelinos closely watching the rescue efforts for Jesse. In a string of tweets , Garcetti praised rescuers and thanked the teen's family for their "patience and optimism during this harrowing experience."
"We're keeping Jesse's health and recovery in our thoughts today," he said.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.544426
Retrieved Text: Tina, one of the wonderful hosts I work with on the TV show and her husband Jesse, went "Over The Edge" today at a benefit for the Girl Scouts Of Southern Arizona.
A few people repelled down the side of the 17 story building at 5151 East Broadway (Broadway and Rosemont) in Tucson this afternoon. Most (from what I understand it'll be over 70 people) will repel down the building tomorrow.
I went to the event to shoot some photos of Tina and Jesse's descent. It was fun to watch them. I would imagine the view from up there is spectacular.
They lived to tell the tale and helped raise some money. Mission accomplished.
Jesse and Tina are about to go "Over The Edge"
Tina takes a turn at "Look ma, no hands!"
Jesse and Tina survive to live for another day.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 48.464214
Retrieved Text: Jesse explores more instances of persecution for preaching the Gospel in America. Jesse's writing is not theoretical, but of his own experiences in this, the land of the free with guarantees of free speech. Jesse shows how even though a person may seek to witness and preach within the confines of the law -- asking police where he can preach -- it is no assurance that he may not be arrested and jailed.
Even though asking the police where he could preach, Jesse was arrested for walking on a sidewalk. In the jail he was subjected to danger by being put with dangerous inmates. But the Lord did his own work, using Jesse in the jail to preach.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 48.416946
Retrieved Text: Jesse james enters new business venture!
Within 1 year of his marriage Jesse James, Jr., the Son of a Bandit, sold his tobacco store in the Jackson County Courthouse in Kansas City and went into the pawn & jewelry business. Jesse claimed that there was more money in pawing property and selling jewelry than in selling tobacco products. He was so right, as his new business adventure proved successful. He and Stella also had their first child, a little girl.
Life looked so promising for the Son of a Bandit! Certainly, nothing could interfere with his future,or could it?
Jesse James jr. Gets Hitched!
After Jesse James, Jr, the son of a bandit, was acquitted of train robbery in February 1899, he was soon dating Stella McGowan. Stella McGowan had met young Jesse Jr. on Valentine's Day 1899 (and days before the start of the James trial for train robbery). Stella had set through the week long trial and became impressed as to how Jesse Jr. conducted himself during the case. Within a year, Jesse Jr. and Stella were married. The young couple honeymooned at the home of the Bandit Jesse James near Kearney, Clay County, Missouri. As the bride and groom slept in the house of Jesse James, his late father laid under the flowers in the yard. After their sojourn in Clay County, the newlyweds moved into Jesse's home in Kansas City where they lived with Jesse's mother and sister, Mary Susan.
What would be the next adventure in the life of the Son of a Bandit?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 47.776596
Retrieved Text: "Yeah, she is." Willow said. "And i'm not here with anyone. Jesse's off somewhere, and Xander never showed." She couldn't keep the dissapointment from her voice.
"So are you and Xander like an item?"
"What!?" Willow said, jumping a little. "No. We ummm....we dated when we were five, but it didn't last." She did not say that she wished she could date him again.
"Oh okay, young free and single is best".
Amy walks up to the bar, says "Hi Willow, no noticing Buffy", gets a coke and walks away.
Buffy watchd Amy wander away, and then someone caught her eye. It was that creepy librarian who knew she was teh Slayer! what the heck? Without saying anything to Willow, she slid off her stool and went up on the balcony to see what he was up to.
"Buffy?" Willow asked as the blonde suddenly got up and walked away. She turned to see where she was going, but all of a sudden this pretty decent loking guy (his outfit was a bit out of date) came up to her and leaned on the bar.
"Hey." He said. "Wanna dance?"
Cordelia spotted Jesse standing on his tiptoes and peering above everybodys heads, probably looking for her. She sighed.
"Hide me." She looked at Harmony.
"Jesse's over there." Cordelia jabbed her thumb over her shoulder in Jesse's direction.
"Oh... GIRLS!" Harmony clicked her fingers and all of Cordelia's sheep stood in a circle around her. Cordelia leaned against the wall with her arms crossed. She hunched a little when she heard Jesse's voice calling her name. Great!
"Heeeey, Cordeliaaaaa."

########
Rank: 22
Score: 47.677452
Retrieved Text: As the end of 2012 rolled around, we found ourselves headed West to Chicago for an engagement shoot with Jessica and Jesse--known in their circles as "The Jessies". They have a pretty cool story, having met at a party of mutual friends. They saw each other, later exchanged numbers, and hit it off. A year later, they were engaged.
We were thrilled to meet and shoot with them around metro Chicago. We started our shoot just outside Jesse's place at a mural you could only hope to find in a place like Chi-town.
Jesse really enjoys Jessica's personality. "She's cheerful, positive....nice. Not standoffish...a real genuine down-to-earth person." And you can sense her love and respect for him, and the security she has in his presence--truly refreshing. Jesse told us the story of how he proposed. It was very important to him to have both sets of parents around when he would pop the question, but when the day arrived, he was so sick he wasn't sure he could go through with it. But his determination paid off, and with all parents present, he asked her. And she of course said yes!
So don't be fooled by all that sunshine - it was December in Chicago! So we all agreed it would be in our best interest to get something hot to drink (and eat). Jesse being a native Chicagoan was very well educated on the best eats. He suggested Simone's, and we were not disappointed. Also turned out to be a cool environment for a few intimate shots.
This shoot

########
Rank: 23
Score: 47.26503
Retrieved Text: When was Jesse McCartney born?
Jesse McCartney's character on Summerland is who?
Jesse McCartney's favorite color is orange.
Jesse McCartney has Brown hair.
Where was Jesse McCartney born?
Which one is one Jesse McCartney's songs?
What sport does Jesse play?
Jesse's siblings names are what?
Jesse is very close to his older sister Lea?
His favourite song on his album is __________?
He was the oldest in the group of Dreamstreet?
Jesse wants to attend which college?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 46.9282
Retrieved Text: The Book Boat's In is a picture book about a boy named Jesse, in the year 1835. Jesse is excited over the arrival of Mr. Edwards' book boat, a floating library and bookstore that travels along the Erie Canal. There he finds a book that he desperately wants but hasn't the money to buy. Jesse decides to earn the money, but he has only a week until the book boat comes back on its last trip for the season.
Background: Cynthia Cotten is the author of many children's books, including Snow Ponies, At The Edge of The Woods, and Rain Play. She grew up in Lockport, New York, on the banks of the Erie Canal. She loves learning about the history of that area.
Author's purpose - What is the author's purpose?
What did you learn about the time when Jesse lives?
Characterization - What character traits describe Jesse? Give examples of his actions for these traits.
Define words you might not be familiar with, such as wharf, gangplank, jounced, livery stable, and fidgety. Come up with synonyms and read them in the sentences they appear in. Why did the author choose the words she did instead of the synonyms?
Find excerpts from The Swiss Family Robinson. Contrast to what you like to read.
Are there other books about this time period that you like? Tell the class about them and why you like them.
Write a paragraph or a story about a time when you wanted something and didn't have enough money to buy it. What did you do?
Write a journal entry as

########
Rank: 25
Score: 46.809
Retrieved Text: A timeless classic, this tan leather belt is the most versatile casual leather belt you’ll own. Paired with a brushed gunmetal buckle, this simple yet handsome belt complements a wide variety of footwear for a clean, casual look.
A well handcrafted leather belt! It was interesting to watch Jesse create and to here his journey, at the pop up shop in the boutique Watson & Lou (Peterborough). My husband loves the colour, fit and exceptional quality of his new belt. Thank you Jesse!
I love my new belt! It was expensive but it looks great and I know I’m going to to have it for decades to come. Knowing that it was made by a Canadian artisan is very satisfying.
Jesse's belt are one of a kind, unique and hand held belt! Love them!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 46.68955
Retrieved Text: Jesse Adams is a musician/producer from Nebraska who has been writing, producing, performing and recording all of his own material since he was 13. Over the years he has dabbled in many different musical styles as well as taken up several different instruments. He has always been a connoisseur of variety and that is apparent when listening to his music. You'll find him exploring everything from electronic and ambient tunes, hop-hop, acoustic and alternative rock to metal and beyond... and don't be surprised if you hear many of these elements uniquely combined on the same track. He collaborates with European guitar virtuoso Grega Habic on almost all of his songs, and Jesse's vocal talents, guitar work and keyboards can be heard on many of Grega's works including 2009's "Self Destruct Sequence" and his latest 2011 release, "Open Heart Surgery". Jesse released his debut album titled "All Things Considered" on July 2nd, 2012.
esse Adams is a musician/producer from Nebraska who has been writing, producing, performing and recording all of his own material since he was 13. Over the years he has dabbled in many different musical styles as well as taken up several different instruments. He has always been a connoisseur of variety and that is apparent when listening to his music. You'll find him exploring everything from electronic and ambient tunes, hop-hop, acoustic and alternative rock to metal and beyond... and don't be surprised if you hear many of these elements uniquely combined on the same track. He collaborates with European guitar virtuoso Grega Habic on

########
Rank: 27
Score: 46.60382
Retrieved Text: A BOY of eight has had his arm sewn back on after it was bitten off by a shark.
His uncle wrestled with the 7ft bull shark and dragged it to shore where it was shot and the arm retrieved from its gullet.
Jesse Arbogast was in a critical condition last night after being attacked at dusk on Friday as he swam in shallow water at Langdon Beach, Florida. The shark bit off his right arm and part of his right thigh before his uncle plunged into the water, carried the boy to the shore and dived back to seize the shark.
Witnesses said the uncle, who has not been named, grappled with the creature and dragged it out of the water for Jared Klein, a park ranger, to shoot it three times in the head.
Mr Klein then used a baton to prise open the shark's jaws while Tony Thomas, a volunteer fireman, reached into its mouth and pulled out the arm, which had been severed between the elbow and shoulder.
A helicopter had already flown Jesse to hospital. Wrapped in moist towels, the arm was put in a plastic bag and encased in ice while it was driven by ambulance to the operating theatre.
Jesse, from Ocean Springs, Missouri, had been on holiday with his parents, David and Claire, his uncle, aunt, a brother and several other children. He was given 30 pints of blood during 11 hours of surgery after being brought into Baptist Hospital, Pensacola, with no pulse.
Dr Ian Rogers, the plastic surgeon who reattached the arm, said

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.524048
Retrieved Text: 1 Samuel 20:27 But on the day after the New Moon, the second day, David's place was still empty, and Saul asked his son Jonathan, "Why hasn't the son of Jesse come to the meal either yesterday or today?"
It came about the next day, the second day of the new moon, that David's place was empty; so Saul said to Jonathan his son, "Why has the son of Jesse not come to the meal, either yesterday or today?"
However, the day after the New Moon, the second day, David's place was still empty, and Saul asked his son Jonathan, "Why didn't Jesse's son come to the meal either yesterday or today?"
The day after the New Moon Festival, when David's place was still empty, Saul asked Jonathan, "Why hasn't that son of Jesse come to eat with us? He wasn't here yesterday, and he still isn't here today!"
On the following day, the day after the New Moon Festival, David's place was still empty, and Saul asked Jonathan, "Why didn't David come to the meal either yesterday or today?"
But the next day, on the second day of the New Moon, David's place was empty, and so Saul told his son Jonathan, "Why didn't Jesse's son come to the festival, either yesterday or today?"
But the next morning, the second day of the new moon, David's place was still vacant. So Saul said to his son Jonathan, "Why has Jesse's son not come to the meal yesterday or today?"
It happened on the next day after the new moon, the second day,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.437828
Retrieved Text: Inside Edition interviews pet photographer Jesse Freidin in Los Angeles about the importance of photographing senior dogs, as well as terminally ill and dying dogs.
Regis Philbin and Kelly Ripa discuss Jesse Freidin's celebrated Doggie Gaga Project on Live! with Regis and Kelly (originally aired 2010).
Get to know the photographer in this video made by local film maker Eva Moss- we'll take you behind the scenes of a Photography Session, inside Jesse's San Francisco darkroom, and give you a personal look at what makes Jesse's portraiture so emotional and unique.
Jesse Freidin helps local Bay Area shelters take better photographs of black adoptable dogs, on CBS 5 (aired 2012).
Jesse discusses a favorite black and white image, featuring a wonderful family of 2 cats and 3 dogs. Click the link to watch this video.
Jesse discusses a Polaroid dog portrait featuring Duke the pitbull - boxer - lab mix. Photographed with the Horseman 4x5 field camera with Polaroid pack film back, on Polaroid 669 instant film. Click the link to watch this video.
Jesse discusses Pitbulls as the original American family dog in this black and white pet photography video. Click the link to watch this video.
Jesse discusses natural lighting and the connection between photographer and subject in this black and white pet photography video. Click the link to watch this video.
Jesse discusses composition and the beauty of New York light in this black and white pet photography video. Click the link to watch this video.

================



======= Instance Index 19093 =========
Input Text: Context: Remy and Sydney were friends, Remy was worried about something and confided in Sydney.  Little did Remy know that Sydney could not be trusted at all.

Question: What will Sydney want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: not tell others

B: console Remy

C: build up trust with Sydney

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 66.823395
Retrieved Text: Born in Perth, Western Australia and raised in a family where creativity was nurtured. Remy discovered his passion for the creative arts at a young age and went on to study photography and design at the University of Technology Sydney, Australia and at the University of Jönköping in Sweden, graduating with Honours in 2007.
Remy is currently based in Sydney, Australia and accepting commissioned work.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 64.956535
Retrieved Text: Patrick was a runner and an accountant who worked out of his home in Houston. They were a perfect match- however reluctant Patrick was to take Remy in, in the first place.
It was a cloudy overcast day in March and the skies were opening to pour. Patrick had just started his run, when he noticed a small, gorgeous pointer puppy scratching at an industrial fence surrounding an abandoned factory downtown.
Patrick looked around for the puppy’s owner or his mother, but there was no one. It began to rain. First slowly and then came down in sheets. Patrick thought quickly. There was an opening in the fence, a few feet from where the puppy was trying to get through. Patrick scooped Remy up and squeezed through the small opening. Maybe he could take cover under the awning he saw across the factory yard. Remy cuddled into the crook of Patrick’s armpit.
The factory had ivy growing up the side of the brick. It was the kind of charming place that would make a great brewery or trendy advertising space, Patrick thought. He had never run on this side of town before, but found that by switching up his running spots, he learned more about the city and also got a better workout. The hills were different etc. Taking cover under the awning got him close enough to the shattered window of the place to see why no one wanted it. He smelled urine. He saw squatters. There were fires burning in old rusty trashcans strewn intermittingly across the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 64.602905
Retrieved Text: Danger-room session had gone fine, absolutely, if nothing else, it kept his mind focussed on what he was doing - instead of what he *wanted* to do. With only a skeleton crew present at the mansion, the place hadn't exactly been crowded. Deserted was more like it. He'd felt good after the workout, enjoyed the lingering feel of adrenalin. Yes... that had to be the explanation - he'd been high on adrenalin.
Bobby swallowed hard and tried to scold himself for sounding like a bad poet. The memory, though, the memory of Remy in the shower, naked... He really should have left at that point, instead of staring at the mesmerizing display in front of him.
Back turned to the door, muscular body relaxed. Wonderfully shaped shoulders, not too broad or bulky, tanned skin - equally tanned all over, as he couldn't help noticing. Pale scars here and there... Bobby couldn't move, couldn't close his eyes, as Remy began turning around, blinking water out of his eyes.
That's all Bobby saw, as he finally regained control of his body - well, more or less, and fled the room, not stopping until he'd closed his own door.
Another sigh escaped him as he stepped into the hot spray. Figures he'd go and fall for a guy who was 110% straight. Sure, Remy would flirt shamelessly with anything that had a pulse, but from there to actually doing anything that had a pulse, including Bobby, was an entirely different thing.
Deciding around lunchtime to allow his growling stomach to convince him that leaving

########
Rank: 3
Score: 63.52283
Retrieved Text: Cari groaned. "It's kind of boring without classes....."
Upon those dark pages obscured by the ages, thy sorrow will dance, for now thy life shalt be merely a dark trance.' He stared at the page with disbelief. 'This was... quite unusual...' He looked at the book cover and observed it for a few seconds.
Curious Remy glanced over at Jeremie. Seeing he just picked up a enormous book. "W- whats that ? Doesn't look like a funny book ..." He came closer so he could look over his shoulder.
Cari stared at Jeremy. "What the..."
'This book has no title...' He flipped through the pages 'All blank...' He then noticed something. Something that troubled him a lot. 'Guys... the stuff I just read... disappeared...' He stared at the page in pure shock. His heart skipped a beat. 'It's... probably some prank... of course...' He slowly put the book on the table and stared at it with wide open eyes.
Remy stand next to Jeremy biting is lip softley. "You sure ...?" He streched out his arm to touch the book and flip the pages. 'Why would it be blank ?"
Cari frowned. "Some kind of magic book? Remy, could you pass it here?"
He stood up and started walking around the table nervously, sticking his thumb in his mouth and lightly biting the skin. 'What bothers me is... the spell written on the first page... How come it disappeared right after I read it?' He looked suspiciously at the book.
Shaking a little Remy hand over the book to Cari. Turning his face to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 62.930172
Retrieved Text: Disney’s latest addition to its Cruise Line fleet, the Disney Dream, brings many new innovations. Perhaps one of the best of those is the addition of a second adult only restaurant, Remy.
Remy, unlike Palo, which still packs a punch and promises a great meal, takes dining on the high seas to a new height.
Inside the Gustav room at Remy.
It was on our way over to the States that I read in a cruise magazine that Remy is the highest priced dining option on any cruise ship. I already had high expectations of our meal there, but learning that only served to raise those expectations even more.
On the first afternoon we boarded the Dream, we went for a look around, filled with curiosity about what might be waiting for us. We found our way quickly up to Remy and were immediately impressed by what we found. It had a delightful atmosphere to it, refined, but not to the point where you’d feel uncomfortable here. We loved the Disney touches, particularly the subtle shape of Remy interwoven into some of the seating here.
We fell in love when we walked through the main dining area and into the Gustav Room, with its brightly coloured carpet, complete with a massive “G” in the fabric, and its stunning portraits of the Paris skyline. In here, you really are whisked away to the city of romance, and it’s as if you’re dining with a view of the Seine behind you. Immediately, we asked if we could be seated here for our dinner

########
Rank: 5
Score: 62.516487
Retrieved Text: Remy crossed over the Rainbow Bridge early Sunday morning. He was in obvious distress and was ready to go. I know he's with my dad. I know he can run and chase small animals again. That gives me tons of comfort.
His passing has left a huge void in our lives. Our hearts are broken and only time will heal the hurt. One day when we think of Remy, we'll only smile and have happy memories. We had 13.5 wonderful years with him that we wouldn't trade for anything.
For now, I want to remember everything about him.
We wouldn't have had Remy in our lives if it wasn't for Naseem. She used to be a very picky eater and refused most food except for chicken nuggets, buttered noodles, raw carrots and mangoes. Omid made her a deal: Eat whatever was put in front of her for one month, and he would buy her a dog! It was hard for Nas, but she did it! We were all so excited. She thought she wanted a Bearded Collie, but after visiting the Rose City Dog Show, a Vizsla actually found us and the search was on for a breeder.
A year later, she finally got her puppy!
Remy loved oranges, blueberries and tomatoes. Every year we bought him his own cherry tomato plant. He'd check it everyday. He'd also check the neighbors tomato plants and blueberry bushes too.
Remy loved to go on our boat and dive off the back again and again (50 times in a row, no joke), he would get

########
Rank: 6
Score: 61.987816
Retrieved Text: Remy Ma, not content with just dropping diss tracks aimed at Nicki Minaj, has started sharing personal photos of her adversary on Instagram.
In a now-deleted post, Remy shared a photo of Nicki on all fours atop a bed wearing little besides her bra and a g-string. Remy didn’t reveal how she came by the photo, but it was clear that her intention was to embarrass Minaj. The tweet followed Remy dropping “Another One,” her second diss track for Nicki in just over a week.
The photo is evidently from before Nicki became famous, with the rapper looking significantly different. Remy Ma pointed this difference out by captioning the photo #B4TheButtJob.
Before long, it seemed as though Remy had thought better of the whole thing, deleting the Instagram post. For a while later, the accompanying tweet that came with it remained on Remy’s Twitter, but she eventually got rid of that too.
Somehow we don’t think that Remy taking down the photo is going to be enough to quell the bad blood between the two, especially when one bears in mind the lyrics “they was sellin’ footage and you know I bought it,” which seems to suggest that Remy has more physical evidence of Nicki Minaj that might cause her some embarrassment.
So far, Nicki hasn’t responded to Remy’s bait — something that could all change now that Remy has made it more personal than ever.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 61.689068
Retrieved Text: Meet Gus, (one of my best friend from college) who is sitting on the seat left to me and I am sitting in the window seat (I mean Remy..:P). We are discussing the title of my new website project which we need to complete this month.
Remy: Gus, what do you think would be a good title for an online bookstore website?
Leslie: I saw your work. You are really doing a great job. I wish I could be part of your team.
Leslie: Umm…how Pustak (a Hindi version for a book).
Guster: Add “On Click” to it that’s making it an online version.
Remy: That’s a great idea I have got my name – “Pustak On Click” 😊. Thanks, Gus and Les.
Moon: Hi Remy!! Howzz life going?
Remy: [Frustrated] Moon don’t you see I am working. DON’T DISTURB ME (without even a Please).
Moon: Ok Ok. Take care buddy (what else a good friend can do).
Buzz: So today I wanted to share a story of my friend who has really done a commendable job in completing his work so efficiently and look at us just ruin around the things and not taking our project work seriously. (he is referring to the website that I made and doing it over to make the teacher feel embarrassed he’s just a Being Buzz 😊). We all should really learn from him that you can do anything if you truly believe in it. (I think he should stop by now what do u think?).
But that’s a big NO then he called me up on stage and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 61.166584
Retrieved Text: There's no denying that there's a problem with school dress codes.
They often don't make sense and are enforced randomly. And with the power of social media, people are speaking up about how ridiculous it is to be called out for what seem to be very tame fashion choices.
Remy Altuna is the latest student to come forward when she was called out by a teacher for what she was wearing.
Remy is a student at Beaumont High School in southern California.
She was recently called out by the vice principal for wearing an inappropriate outfit.
Remy maintains that her outfit wasn't inappropriate.
She was wearing a pair of jeans and a bodysuit without a bra.
After the incident, Remy posted about it on her Twitter where it began to gain traction online.
According to Remy, the vice principal wanted her to put on a jacket to cover up. She was concerned that people would "assume bad things" about Remy.
In an interview with Yahoo! Style about the incident, Remy said that the dress code is strict, but it isn't being enforced equally for boys and girls.
“'This year it just seems like they’re really out for blood, looking for anything."
"It would be one thing if they were dress-coding boys and girls equally, but she notes that girls have been the biggest targets, while the boys’ violations, such as ripped jeans, are overlooked."
And it looks like the support for Remy has been mixed.
Unfortunately, some men have replied to Remy's tweet to explain to her that guys just can't help but stare at braless women, and they

########
Rank: 9
Score: 60.44051
Retrieved Text: "I did not understand Liverpool's decision. It was not very honest from their side."
The whole situation with the failed medical at Liverpool has really annoyed Loic Remy to the point that he has accused Liverpool of not being honest.
No one outside of Liverpool will ever know why they suddenly pulled the plug on a deal to sign Loic Remy so the continued comment and speculation will continue to persist until there is literally something else to talk about. The fact he has moved to one of Liverpool's title rivals and passed the same medical without problem has simply added momentum.
I personally think that Liverpool were made aware of the late availability of Mario Ballotelli and used the failed medical as an excuse to pull the plug and bring the Italian to Anfield instead. I could of course be totally wrong, but think about it, no one had even mentioned his name until around that time.
"I did not understand Liverpool's decision. It was not very honest from their side.
I was not scared. I know exactly what I have, I met all the specialists in the world. A lot of players share the same situation as mine and Liverpool know it."
"The information we have from specialists in different areas is he doesn't have a problem to play football."
It's something that will always be talked about here, especially if Remy proves to be a success at Chelsea. If he suffers the same here as Fernando Torres, it will talked about in a negative way. As I said previously, I

########
Rank: 10
Score: 59.209885
Retrieved Text: Remy has no memories of his parents. Born in New Orleans with unusual eyes - red irises on black sclera - it was because of his unique eyes that he was snatched from the hospital shortly after birth. It was believed that he was the fulfillment of an ancient prophecy for the even older Thieves Guild.
In those early months, he was under the guardianship of a person known as the Antiquary. Jean-Luc LeBeau saw the child and could not abide the thought of him being raised a relative slave. LeBeau struck a bargain with the Antiquary to free Remy. He was placed into the care of fellow Thieves' Guild member Fagan's group of child-thieves to grow.
Existing on the streets is a tough life and worse for a child. Remy showed his instincts were strong and he was a survivor. He was determined to make his way, humble though it was. Eating from discarded meals and scraps, ducking out of sight to avoid the tougher gangs that beat up the smaller and weaker. He watched other members of the Thieves' Guild as they picket pockets and robbed to get their ill gotten gain. Learning from an early age the laws of the street, he also turned to picking pockets though he was no instant success. Once he perfected his techniques, he was able to carve out a living for the next several years.
When ten, Remy crossed paths with Jean-Luc LeBeau once again - he tried to pick the man's pocket. He almost succeed and it was from

########
Rank: 11
Score: 59.09671
Retrieved Text: Memes, The Interview, and Fictional: Ebro Addresses Nicki Minaj Rumor On Hot 97: "I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Woman" @balleralert Ebro Addresses Nicki Minaj Rumor On Hot 97: "I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Woman" -blogged by @BenitaShae ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Since RemyMa dropped her NickiMinaj diss track " ShETHER" everyone is wondering what's fiction and what's fact. Remy Ma insinuated that Hot97 radio personality EbroDarden once hooked up with Nicki and Ebro has finally set the record straight. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ On Sunday morning, Ebro took to Twitter to address Remy's line and claimed she was lying about him sleeping with Nicki. And on Monday morning, Ebro told his side, in detail, on-air during his Hot 97 radio show "Ebro in the Morning" with Peter Rosenberg. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Rosenberg cut to the chase and asked if the allegations were true or false. "I did not have sexual relations with that woman in any way, shape, or for." Ebro said. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Ebro explained his friendship with Nicki. He said he met her years ago through DJKaySlay and they kicked it "several times" over the years but they have never been intimate. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ "I’ve never been alone with Nicki Minaj," Ebro said. "Ever. At a bar or with her friends or management. It was always work." ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Ebro also explained why he chose to respond to Remy via Twitter. "I knew that it would make Nicki feel better," he said. "I knew that it would make me feel better. It would

########
Rank: 12
Score: 58.88802
Retrieved Text: Bridgeport police officer Cody Remy in the middle of his patrol around the Trumbull Gardens in Connecticut when he saw a child struggling with something off in the grass. Instead of ignoring the child and driving away, Officer Remy stopped his patrol car, got out and offered his help.
While driving by in his police cruiser, Officer Remy noticed a child off in the distance with a broken bike. The thoughtful officer realized this was the perfect moment to build police relations in the community and walked over to the boy.
Without hesitating, Officer Remy got on his knees and repaired the boy's bike.
In the middle of the repair, someone snapped a picture of the interaction and shared it online! Now Officer Remy is a hero in his community - he just wanted to do the right thing for a kid on his patrol route!
Bridgeport Mayor Bill Finch told WFSB News that Officer Remy's actions were representative of the type of man he is everyday.
"Officer Remy's act of helping out a child in need in our community is a great example. He doesn't think he did anything extraordinary. But I disagree. The picture speaks for itself. And, I'll leave it up to others in our community and beyond to decide for themselves."
It may have been a small act of kindness, but it did so much to show the city's youth that police officers are there to help whenever they need it most!
Learn more about Officer Remy's heartwarming actions here!
Have you ever had a similar encounter with a police

########
Rank: 13
Score: 58.749424
Retrieved Text: 2. ...and afterward, he makes sure to walk upright instead of on all fours to keep his two front paws clean.
3. At one point, the food critic Anton Ego states, "I don’t 'like' food, I love it. If I don’t love it, I don’t swallow" — this is especially prescient because he's a little fuller in the face at the end of the movie than he was at the beginning, which suggests the food has improved!
5. ...and an office that resembles a coffin.
6. When Anton tastes Remy and Linguini's ratatouille, he's transported back to his childhood and reminded of his mother's cooking. There's a pretty convincing fan theory that Remy grew up in Anton's mother's house and, therefore, learned to cook by watching Anton's mother.
7. This one's easy to miss, but Colette has an oven rack burn on her forearm — a common injury among professional chefs.
8. And Linguini has a bite mark on his hand from where Remy bit him earlier on.
9. When Linguini offers to hide Remy in his pants before work, Linguini is wearing underpants adorned with Incredibles logos.
10. And Bomb Voyage from The Incredibles makes a very brief appearance in the background of a scene.
11. When Remy explores the apartment building, he sees a woman pointing a gun at a man. A moment later, they end up kissing. Later on, when Colette is about to mace Linguini, Remy makes him go in for a kiss.
12. In the same scene, Remy is chased off by a dog that looks suspiciously like Dug from

########
Rank: 14
Score: 58.705643
Retrieved Text: Frankie smiled softly as he held him close.
Jacen leaned his head on Frankie's chest, closing his eyes as he tried to relax.
"Will you be fine here?"
"What do you want?" Remy asked.
Frankie started to carry him downstairs.
"Yeah, Jasper is here is anything happens."
Jacen held onto Frankie tightly, leaning against him more.
Artemis smiled and nodded. "True..."
"Okay." Remy chuckled before getting up.
Julian smiled as he rubbed his stomach.
"I'll be back later, okay?"
Remy smiled at him before going out into the kitchen.
"I love you too." Frankie said with a soft smile.
Julian picked up a book as he waited.
Jacen smiled before starting to fall back asleep in Frankie's arms.
"Love you." Artemis smiled, hugging Alex tightly.
Remy came back soon after with Julian's food.
Alex smiled happily and kissed him softly.
Julian smiled as he took the offered bowl.
Jay slowly opened his eyes.
Artemis kissed him back before reluctantly letting go.
Remy smiled and sat back beside him.
Cody was half asleep, curled up against Jay, one arm around his friend.
Alex sighed but let him go.
Julian started on his food.
Artemis frowned at the sigh and kissed him again. "We shouldn't be gone too long."
"Good?" Remy asked as he watched him.
"I will." Artemis nodded, kissing Alex's head.
Julian kisses his cheek with a smile.
Artemis gave a small smile before turning and going to find Frankie.
Remy chuckled and carefully pulled Julian close.
Frankie was in the hallway with Jacen.
Julian smiled as he relaxed again.
Jay curled up sadly, wanting to know if Seth was ok.
Artemis smiled when he saw them, speaking quietly when he saw Jacen asleep. "Ready to go?"
Remy held Julian close,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 58.18004
Retrieved Text: When Remy was five weeks old, she had developed a congested sound at the back of her throat. It mostly flared up at night and after feedings, but it was definitely always there. I took her in to see the doctor like any concerned parent would do. After her checkup, I was reassured that she was healthy. The doctor thought that the sound might have been due to burps that did not make their way up, and told me to not breastfeed her while laying next to her anymore. That was the only way that we were getting any sleep at night, but if it meant that those horrible sounds would go away, I agreed to do it.
Less than a week later we were back at the doctor’s office. Even though I did what I was told, the sound had worsened. Now Remy was coughing and sneezing every half hour, and she had thrown up the previous night. I thought for sure that she had a cold, or worse. Again our regular doctor was away, so we were sent to yet another physician. This time I was given a proper diagnosis. Infant acid reflux.
This new doctor prescribed Ranitidine and said to come back within a week if I didn’t see improvements. Remy started to sound better within days. However, she was still crying and fighting the breast whenever I tried to feed her. By the end of the day, she flat out refused to eat. Crying and extremely worried myself, my husband and I spent hours

########
Rank: 16
Score: 58.12909
Retrieved Text: The BX Bomber strikes again.
Despite being home from jail for the past year and some change, fans haven't gotten much album talk or new developments from Remy Ma. But recently, Remy announced she'll be joining the next season of Love and Hip-Hop New York.
The BX Savior, aka Sheezus Christ, also offered a little something for her fans today (Nov 22), a brand new freestyle she recently did for DJ Absolut. It's back to bars and posturing as usual for Remy Ma and you can take it all in below.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 58.03365
Retrieved Text: You can send Remy Martin Cognac Gifts to Estonia in the following locations.
How do I send Remy Martin Cognac to Estonia as a gift?
Technically, you could buy a bottle of Remy Martin Cognac, package it yourself, and ship it to Estonia on your own. But you might run into local alcohol delivery laws, you’ll certainly wait for the package to clear customs, and your recipient might have to pay duty fees on the other end. Embarrassing! There’s an easier way right at your fingertips. Just browse our catalog for Estonia, add their favorite brand of Remy Martin Cognac to your cart, checkout, and you’re done! DrinkableGifts.com has managers in each region waiting to deliver your Remy Martin Cognac gift right to your recipient’s door in Estonia.
How much does it cost to deliver Remy Martin Cognac to Estonia overseas?
Is Remy Martin Cognac delivery to Estonia expensive? The Remy Martin Cognac itself might be expensive, depending on the brand you buy (we do have to charge something for the liquor, after all), but delivery to Estonia will be just one flat rate that you can check here. Keeping regional managers in each location makes it possible for us to pass on shipping savings to you. You can definitely send your Remy Martin Cognac to Estonia with us more cheaply than you can with UPS or Fedex.
Can I safely send a Remy Martin Cognac gift to Estonia?
Absolutely! Our regional team members and couriers do everything in their power to make sure your Remy Martin Cognac gift is delivered to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 57.949398
Retrieved Text: Canberra United coach Rae Dower says her team's 6-1 rout at the hands of Sydney FC in Sydney on Tuesday was "un-Canberra like" and a "one off", but it opens the door for every player to "force their way into the squad".
And she thinks having just four days until their next game - against Adelaide United at McKellar Park on Saturday - was a "blessing" as her players look to "redeem themselves".
Dower said United turned the ball over repeatedly and Sydney capitalised by taking all their chances.
Canberra trailed 2-0 at the break following goals to Nicola Bolger and Remy Siemsen, but things got worse in the second half.
No sooner had they come out from half-time and their deficit doubled with Kyah Simon adding her name to the scoresheet and then Siemsen grabbing her second.
United got a brief glimmer of hope following the appearance of Matildas co-captain Lisa De Vanna for her Canberra debut from the bench with 31 minutes remaining.
Sydney defender Allana Kennedy was sent off for her second yellow card and then Canberra midfielder Yukari Kinga scored from a free-kick.
But three minutes later Francisca Ordega restored the four-goal advantage before Leena Khamis completed the demolition.
The win sends Sydney four points clear of Perth Glory at the top of the W-League table, with Canberra now one point further back in third - the latter two both have a game in hand.
"When one or two are not on their game you can cover that, but we probably had more than one or two today," Dower said.
"They know

########
Rank: 19
Score: 57.929394
Retrieved Text: Think back Mackie (née Smith; May 30, 1980),] referred to professionally as Remy Ma (some time ago Remy Martin), is an American rapper and individual from Fat Joe’s rap group, Dreadsquad. Mama was highlighted on the gathering’s hit melody “Recline” from their second collection Genuine Story and M.O.P’s. “Stake Up (Remix).” Her presentation solo collection, There’s Something About Remy: Given a Genuine Story, was discharged on February 7, 2006.
She has won two Vibe grants, two Source grants, a Wager grant for “Best Female Hip Jump,” from three selections in that class. Remy refers to Enormous Punisher and Roxanne Shante as her greatest influences. In 2011, Remy Mama’s music was highlighted and talked about in a narrative, Dark Way of life in Japan, where she was adulated for looking “beautiful” and laid out as a standout amongst the most as often as possible tuned into hip-bounce artists in Japan, among more young women. In 2015, Remy Mama joined the cast of VH1’s Adoration and Hip Jump: New York for its 6th season. She got two Grammy assignments for her 2016 single “As far as possible Up.” Remy Ma Net worth is around $ 3 Million, for the time of 2016-17.
Early Life: She was conceived on 30 may, 1980 in the amazing city of Stronghold Slope, New York City, Joined Conditions of America. Remy Mama was Grammy-selected American rapper an individual from “Fat Joe’s Rap Group” named in “Fear Squad.” She has won two vibe grants, source grant. An ASCAP Pop honor and a wagering award for the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 57.533844
Retrieved Text: 30 inch trendy three colors ombre indian remy clip in hair is just one of the many collections of images or photos on this website. There are approximately 9931 images that exist in our database associated with this post. This post of "30 inch trendy three colors ombre indian remy clip in hair" was uploaded by claude on 11-10-2018 and posted on the romishop.co website with category Indian Remy Hair Extensions and has been viewed some 553,046 times.
This pictures of "30 inch trendy three colors ombre indian remy clip in hair" is from the above 900x1200 resolutions which is part of the Indian Remy Hair Extensions directory, Download this wallpapers for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. 30 inch trendy three colors ombre indian remy clip in hair can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
This is a images related to 30 inch trendy three colors ombre indian remy clip in hair, there are approximately 9931 image related to this indian remy hair extensions photos gallery. Please see the details below and click on the title for more information..
30

########
Rank: 21
Score: 57.18523
Retrieved Text: Produced by Oprah Winfrey, award-winning filmmaker Ava DuVernay (Selma), and Melissa Carter, Queen Sugar chronicles the lives and loves of the estranged Bordelon siblings in Saint Josephine, Louisiana. Reunited by a family tragedy, the Bordelons must navigate their complicated lives in order to run an ailing sugarcane farm.
Ralph Angel finally learns the truth about his biological connection to Blue, Charley exposes her hidden plan for Landry Enterprises, and Nova is propositioned by book publishers.
Violet receives a business proposition, Nova faces a tough career decision, and Micah wants to transfer schools. Plus, Charley learns shocking information about Sam Landry.
Micah starts his new school, an interaction with Blue leaves Ralph Angel guilt-ridden, and Nova works on her book. Plus, Charley reveals her secret plan to Nova and Darla returns.
Darla and Ralph Angel talk, Hollywood offers Violet a business solution, and Charley learns something new. Plus, Davis reveals a secret, and Nova tells Remy something personal.
Nova and Remy act on their feelings and Ralph Angel forms a new connection. Plus, Davis tells Charley his secret and Micah and his friends stumble upon something disturbing.
Remy and Nova address their feelings, and Violet receives a business proposal. Plus, Charley discovers something suspicious, and Ralph Angel goes on a date.
Violet celebrates her 60th birthday, Nova and Remy grow closer, and Darla and Ralph Angel discuss custody. Plus, the Bordelon family discovers the Landrys' true plan for the land.
Nova is made an offer she cannot refuse, and Violet learns the fate of her business, and Micah and his friends execute their plan. Plus,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 57.03578
Retrieved Text: Chinese Remy Stick Tip / I-Tip Remy Hair Extensions.
Deluxe Chinese Remy human hair extensions are available in 14 inch Stick “I” Extensions. Each extension weighs 0.5g per strand giving that extra thickness to create volumising and natural blended finish.
These impressive Remy hair extensions look truly luxurious and thicker than most other extensions. Many different shades and lengths are incorporated in our i-tip range to meet our client’s requirements.
Remy hair means that the cuticles are intact and not stripped. This hair extension is thick, strong and will blend perfectly. I-tipped hair extensions are also known damage-free and a quick method to applying hair extensions using silicone or traditional micro rings.
These extensions are applied by using a pulling tool, either a hook or loop, which pulls the hair through a very small micro-bead. The I-tip extensions is then inserted into the micro ring, which is then compressed with special application pliers, this holds the extension in place. I-tip extensions are very popular among people who don’t want heat applied to their hair. The I-tip extension and an equal amount of your own hair is pulled through the micro link to your hairline, where the micro link is clamped securing the extension to your own hair. This extension can last for about 2-3 months with proper after-care and regular maintenance.
These light brown hair extensions are beautiful! I was worried that the colour might not be exactly ..

########
Rank: 23
Score: 57.034534
Retrieved Text: disappears before he can catch it.
now a baron, are also on the trail.
Bill and Huey, who ³is the key that opens the door to everywhere² (see iss. 3).
tunnels (X-Factor 10). She asks him if he blames Remy.
jewel disappears during the fight.
a sewer pipe, where he gets the jewel.
has stolen an adamantium stomach, which was supposed to go into Judge Buechler.
survive. They fight on top of a train to Jersey, then all jump off a bridge.
attempt while he was in prison.
his adamantium coils to Creed, and the jerk Buechler gets the stomach.
as well as rescuing Jean Luc and Tante Mattie as children.
past, leaving the Mengos to guard Sekmeht.
Doyle¹s Moriarty). He knows Jacques LeBeau.
Further Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix).
takes the Guild members captive.
past Courier, who reverts to his true form and is knocked out.
legends of Essex, with ghostly pale face, linked to the ancient Egyptian warlord.
newspaper that Essex, calling himself Milbury, is connected to the Black Womb.
It¹s a race to New York to investigate.
Duchess of Devonshire painting) to get his yacht and sail to New York.
Essex is operating under the alias of Dr. Milbury, obstetrician.
still interested in Courier in iss. 9?).
in her 5th Avenue mansion. In the entry hall, he is attacked by the Guild.
head with a flower pot.
tells Remy where to find her doctor, Milbury.
are mobbed by early Morlocks.
a jar and offers to make a deal with Remy.
Kingdom, then Candra shows up.
he gave to Sinister, but somehow he can¹t do it.
Remy needs her help in the past. She needs to go to Jean Luc.
and is told he

########
Rank: 24
Score: 56.98824
Retrieved Text: Over the weekend, Cardi B and Nicki Minaj got into an altercation during New York Fashion Week. Since then, everyone has had on opinion on the incident, including Remy Ma, Nicki Minaj’s nemesis.
On the premiere of State of the Culture, alongside Joe Budden, Remy was asked her thoughts about what transpired between Cardi and Nicki. Remy pointed out that while neither Nicki or Cardi “connected” and a real altercation did not take place, people should not be surprised when Cardi B backs up the words that she has always said. Remy also warns that people should stop talking crazy due to the repercussions that come with it.
As far as what the future holds, Remy Ma says she doesn’t think another fight will take place.
There are going to be extra precautions taken so that these two don’t cross paths again.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 56.845726
Retrieved Text: Sydney FC have welcomed two fresh faces to the Westfield W-League 2016/17 squad as further domestic talent joins the ranks.
Gabe Marzano and Remy Siemsen join the Sky Blues for the new season, and it’s a first for the pair to be plying their trade full time with the Harbour City club.
Marzano joins having most recently played for the Sky Blues’ round one opponents Brisbane Roar, with the striker making 11 appearances and scoring two goals during her sole season in Queensland.
The 24 year old forward is also a member of the PFA Executive Committee and serves in the Australian Defence Force as a Lieutenant with the Royal Australian Engineers in the Army and currently instructing at the School of Military Engineering, Holsworthy.
Marzano said she was pleased to be a part of the Sky Blues for the Westfield W-League 2016/17 season.
“It feels amazing to be joining Sydney FC,” Marzano said.
“The girls have all been really welcoming and I’m excited for the season ahead with such a talented team.
“I’m at a star studded team with Sydney FC, I couldn’t be happier with how everything has panned out and hopefully we can go all the way this season.
16 year old Siemsen joins Sydney FC after being a member of the Sky Blues’ train on squad for the previous Westfield W-League season.
The young, up and coming forward knows how to find the back of the net, scoring five hatricks during her season with the Manly United U-17 squad in 2015 and most recently notching seven goals in one game for

########
Rank: 26
Score: 56.67806
Retrieved Text: Remy clip in hair extensions remy human hair extensions uk,Items 1 – 12 of 31 remy or remi hair is beautifully soft and shiny and will last much longer than standard european hair extensions,Remy hair extensions real human hair extensions uk,Welcome to hairxtensions co uk, we are uk based hair extension distributor which provides a wide collection of remy hair extensions, hair wefts and clip in sets,Lush hair extensions uk remy human hair extensions,Lush hair extensions uk: human hair extensions wavy clip in hair extensions that offer celebrity worthy hairstyles and all sourced from ethical suppliers.
Beauty works: award-winning human hair extensions hair,Award-winning human hair extensions by beauty works and clip in hair extensions, pre-bonded, weft and tape in hair extensions uk europe store,Remy hair extensions uk remi human hair clip in hairtrade,Products 1 – 9 of 9 discover high quality remy hair extensions online today from us search our collection of remi human hair weaves available in a range of,Secret hair extensions: remy hair extensions hair extensions uk,Secret hair extensions uk, luxury remy hair extensions, quality guarantee clip in hair extensions, tape in hair extensions, pre bonded hair, nano hair,Amazon co uk hair extensions,Online shopping for hair extensions from a great selection at beauty store 16 double weft clip in human hair extensions real remy hair full head 8.
Buy hair extensions ebay,100% real remy human hair extensions full head clip in best weft highlight uk l uk stock,18 20 22 black brown blonde diy curl,By cliphair: clip in human hair extensions,100% remy human hair extensions 10

########
Rank: 27
Score: 56.618336
Retrieved Text: ALAN SHEARER fears that wearing the famous black and white stripes of Newcastle no longer has the same value after Loic Remy chose to sign for QPR instead.
The Toon legend is worried that the next two weeks could turn his former club into genuine relegation candidates unless they find somebody to fill the shirt vacated by striker Demba Ba’s move to Chelsea.
After the promise of playing in front of full houses at St James’s Park proved insufficient to lure France striker Remy to the club, Shearer was asked whether the prospect of wearing the famous shirt still held the same allure.
“I have to say I do find it hard to say he chose QPR over Newcastle," said Shearer. “Anybody can choose what they want and I am going to be biased. I will tell you what a great football club it is.
“But it is a tough one for the fans to see Remy so close and then choose QPR. Harry will tell you a different story but I would have a good guess that financial things had a part to play.
“I am sure that hurts Newcastle fans. Even with Ba, it is something to see their top scorer leave in the way he did. It is disappointing.
“Why he did it, you’ll have to ask him. But it’s left Newcastle with a huge gap to fill. The manager has tried to do that. Hopefully, they will have a plan B and a plan C. They are desperately in need of players.
“I still believe they are too good

########
Rank: 28
Score: 56.528347
Retrieved Text: “Already took a L, now you got another one/I secure the bag, now I got another one/I caught the W, now I got another one," Remy rapped. "[...] Heard you callin&apos; everyone/Not callin&apos; back, &apos;cause I got another one/Heard you was kiddin&apos;, sayin&apos; I ain&apos;t havin&apos; none/But that&apos;s okay baby, &apos;cause now you my son."
Clearily, the Bronx rapper got too tired waiting for Nicki’s response.
The follow-up wasn’t necessarily surprising, as there were already rumors that Remy had another diss track up her sleeve; however, this new cut definitely had social media torn. Some thought Remy KO’d Nicki with the new track, while others were disappointed with the bars. Some even thought “Another One” was flat out unnecessary.
You can check out some of the Twitter responses below.
Hot97 just played Remy Ma new diss and Nicki is dead .
only thing i&apos;m gonna say about this Remy Ma diss song is.... she should&apos;ve stopped after Shether.
Flex wins, people really tuned into to hear Remy Ma diss Minaj, Incredible.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 56.484802
Retrieved Text: Van Gogh spent time in two places in the South of France: St Remy de Provence and Arles. In 1889, following the infamous incident where he cut off part of his ear, he was brought to the asylum in St Remy by a priest and his doctor and here he stayed for 12 months.
Van Gogh had come to the South of France from Paris for health reasons (he was a heavy drinker and smoke) and to establish an artists collective to produce artwork which could then be sold in Paris by his brother, Theo van Gogh. The 2 years van Gogh spent in the South of France, resulted in him producing over 350 paintings, including most of his masterpieces. For most of this time he lived in abject poverty and was wracked by convulsions, epileptic fits, deep depression and hallucinations.
Vincent Van Gogh initially stayed in Arles, South France, for 15 months from February 1888. Following the infamous ear-cutting incident, he was brought voluntarily to the monastery in St Remy (which also doubled as an asylum) by his priest and his doctor. At the St Paul de Mausole asylum, van Gogh was mainly confined to his room, but he did have use of a small studio and he was allowed out into the gardens of the asylum on supervised visits. During this time, due to his restricted access to landscapes, he focused his art on still life flowers (lilacs and irises) as well as his series of paintings depicting cypress trees and olive trees. In May 1890,

================



======= Instance Index 24902 =========
Input Text: Context: Remy and Quinn fought over a toy, so Remy told Quinn he didn't like her. Remy hurt Quinn's feelings.

Question: Why did Remy do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: avoid Quinn

B: get revenge on Quinn

C: get the toy back

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 66.764534
Retrieved Text: Danger-room session had gone fine, absolutely, if nothing else, it kept his mind focussed on what he was doing - instead of what he *wanted* to do. With only a skeleton crew present at the mansion, the place hadn't exactly been crowded. Deserted was more like it. He'd felt good after the workout, enjoyed the lingering feel of adrenalin. Yes... that had to be the explanation - he'd been high on adrenalin.
Bobby swallowed hard and tried to scold himself for sounding like a bad poet. The memory, though, the memory of Remy in the shower, naked... He really should have left at that point, instead of staring at the mesmerizing display in front of him.
Back turned to the door, muscular body relaxed. Wonderfully shaped shoulders, not too broad or bulky, tanned skin - equally tanned all over, as he couldn't help noticing. Pale scars here and there... Bobby couldn't move, couldn't close his eyes, as Remy began turning around, blinking water out of his eyes.
That's all Bobby saw, as he finally regained control of his body - well, more or less, and fled the room, not stopping until he'd closed his own door.
Another sigh escaped him as he stepped into the hot spray. Figures he'd go and fall for a guy who was 110% straight. Sure, Remy would flirt shamelessly with anything that had a pulse, but from there to actually doing anything that had a pulse, including Bobby, was an entirely different thing.
Deciding around lunchtime to allow his growling stomach to convince him that leaving

########
Rank: 1
Score: 66.412766
Retrieved Text: Remy crossed over the Rainbow Bridge early Sunday morning. He was in obvious distress and was ready to go. I know he's with my dad. I know he can run and chase small animals again. That gives me tons of comfort.
His passing has left a huge void in our lives. Our hearts are broken and only time will heal the hurt. One day when we think of Remy, we'll only smile and have happy memories. We had 13.5 wonderful years with him that we wouldn't trade for anything.
For now, I want to remember everything about him.
We wouldn't have had Remy in our lives if it wasn't for Naseem. She used to be a very picky eater and refused most food except for chicken nuggets, buttered noodles, raw carrots and mangoes. Omid made her a deal: Eat whatever was put in front of her for one month, and he would buy her a dog! It was hard for Nas, but she did it! We were all so excited. She thought she wanted a Bearded Collie, but after visiting the Rose City Dog Show, a Vizsla actually found us and the search was on for a breeder.
A year later, she finally got her puppy!
Remy loved oranges, blueberries and tomatoes. Every year we bought him his own cherry tomato plant. He'd check it everyday. He'd also check the neighbors tomato plants and blueberry bushes too.
Remy loved to go on our boat and dive off the back again and again (50 times in a row, no joke), he would get

########
Rank: 2
Score: 66.3304
Retrieved Text: Thank you for all the likes!!
Post by NEBTR Buster Virtual Foster.
Dash says happy July 4 weekend!
The now silent monkey did not win the battle.
Max is at the special vet at Cornell to get specialized 24 hour treatment to save his eye. They admitted him because he need continuous care around the clock right now. The status of his eye is critical. They feel he got some kind of a chemical in his eye. I hated leaving him SO FAR!! Even though he my foster, I love him and want him to feel better. Actually seeing him like this breaks my heart in more ways than one. I have a terrible headache from all the tears I cried today for him. The doctors are hoping that they will be able to regrow the first layer of his cornea which is completely gone. His entire eye is ulcered. HOW DID THIS HAPPEN??? I wish I knew....So he REALLY needs your prayers that he responds well to the treatment and WILL NOT have to have his eye removed. Thanks for ALL the well wishes and PRAYERS! Thanks again to EVERYONE!! And God Bless!!
Lilly is doing really well since her spay/eye surgery on Thursday. Her cherry eye looks great! But she despises her cone...in case you couldn't tell by the "you can't be serious!" look on her face.
Post by NEBTR Chica and Molly Virtual Fosters.
This sweet, skinny, playful girl was left at a municipal building in Pennsylvania yesterday with no information. She was not at my home for 5 minutes

########
Rank: 3
Score: 63.189075
Retrieved Text: PENDLETON, IN - Remy Electric Motors LLC, a manufacturer of advanced electric propulsion motors, and Odyne Systems LLC, a manufacturer of hybrid systems for medium- and heavy-duty trucks, have signed a long-term motor supply agreement.
Under the new agreement, Odyne will use Remy's HVH250 electric motors in the company’s plug-in hybrid system, which increases a large truck's on-road fuel efficiency and also provides launch assist and regenerative braking. Once stationary at the jobsite, work trucks are able to use Odyne's hybrid system to operate worksite applications without using engine power.
"The integration of Remy's electric motor into Odyne's system demonstrates the power and flexibility of our HVH motor,” said Kevin Quinn, Remy Electric Motors vice president and general manager. “It can power a vehicle, act as a generator and can provide auxiliary power. With over a billion miles of proven reliability and power on the road, we are delighted our Remy electric motors will now provide that same durability and efficiency for Odyne's plug-in hybrid system."
Remy's patented High Voltage Hairpin (HVH) technology's torque and power density deliver added speed and range to electric vehicles through direct and regenerative power. Companies such as GM, BMW, Allison Transmission, AMP Electric Vehicles and Aptera use the Remy HVH electric motor.
"This partnership between Remy and Odyne brings together two innovative companies whose technologies will deliver better performance for medium and large work vehicles," said Joe Dalum, president and CEO of Odyne Systems. "As part of Odyne's unique system, Remy's HVH motor will help reduce the need for vehicle refueling and will provide

########
Rank: 4
Score: 63.175156
Retrieved Text: disappears before he can catch it.
now a baron, are also on the trail.
Bill and Huey, who ³is the key that opens the door to everywhere² (see iss. 3).
tunnels (X-Factor 10). She asks him if he blames Remy.
jewel disappears during the fight.
a sewer pipe, where he gets the jewel.
has stolen an adamantium stomach, which was supposed to go into Judge Buechler.
survive. They fight on top of a train to Jersey, then all jump off a bridge.
attempt while he was in prison.
his adamantium coils to Creed, and the jerk Buechler gets the stomach.
as well as rescuing Jean Luc and Tante Mattie as children.
past, leaving the Mengos to guard Sekmeht.
Doyle¹s Moriarty). He knows Jacques LeBeau.
Further Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix).
takes the Guild members captive.
past Courier, who reverts to his true form and is knocked out.
legends of Essex, with ghostly pale face, linked to the ancient Egyptian warlord.
newspaper that Essex, calling himself Milbury, is connected to the Black Womb.
It¹s a race to New York to investigate.
Duchess of Devonshire painting) to get his yacht and sail to New York.
Essex is operating under the alias of Dr. Milbury, obstetrician.
still interested in Courier in iss. 9?).
in her 5th Avenue mansion. In the entry hall, he is attacked by the Guild.
head with a flower pot.
tells Remy where to find her doctor, Milbury.
are mobbed by early Morlocks.
a jar and offers to make a deal with Remy.
Kingdom, then Candra shows up.
he gave to Sinister, but somehow he can¹t do it.
Remy needs her help in the past. She needs to go to Jean Luc.
and is told he

########
Rank: 5
Score: 62.93888
Retrieved Text: Patrick was a runner and an accountant who worked out of his home in Houston. They were a perfect match- however reluctant Patrick was to take Remy in, in the first place.
It was a cloudy overcast day in March and the skies were opening to pour. Patrick had just started his run, when he noticed a small, gorgeous pointer puppy scratching at an industrial fence surrounding an abandoned factory downtown.
Patrick looked around for the puppy’s owner or his mother, but there was no one. It began to rain. First slowly and then came down in sheets. Patrick thought quickly. There was an opening in the fence, a few feet from where the puppy was trying to get through. Patrick scooped Remy up and squeezed through the small opening. Maybe he could take cover under the awning he saw across the factory yard. Remy cuddled into the crook of Patrick’s armpit.
The factory had ivy growing up the side of the brick. It was the kind of charming place that would make a great brewery or trendy advertising space, Patrick thought. He had never run on this side of town before, but found that by switching up his running spots, he learned more about the city and also got a better workout. The hills were different etc. Taking cover under the awning got him close enough to the shattered window of the place to see why no one wanted it. He smelled urine. He saw squatters. There were fires burning in old rusty trashcans strewn intermittingly across the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 62.145557
Retrieved Text: Cereal Fernandez, 83, of Koloa, Kauai, a retired McBryde Sugar Co. harvesting supervisor, died in Wilcox Memorial Hospital. He was born in Koloa. He is survived by wife Catherine; sons Edward "Eddie Boy" and Bernal; daughters Sherleen "Tita" Fernandez, Suzette "Baba" Kenney and Zaneeta Quinn; brother Regalardo "Baco"; sisters Rose Pantohan and Remy Bolster; 10 grandchildren; and 16 great-grandchildren. Visitation: 9 a.m. Thursday at St. Raphael's Church. Mass: 11 a.m. Burial to follow at Kauai Veterans Cemetery.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 61.47341
Retrieved Text: Cari groaned. "It's kind of boring without classes....."
Upon those dark pages obscured by the ages, thy sorrow will dance, for now thy life shalt be merely a dark trance.' He stared at the page with disbelief. 'This was... quite unusual...' He looked at the book cover and observed it for a few seconds.
Curious Remy glanced over at Jeremie. Seeing he just picked up a enormous book. "W- whats that ? Doesn't look like a funny book ..." He came closer so he could look over his shoulder.
Cari stared at Jeremy. "What the..."
'This book has no title...' He flipped through the pages 'All blank...' He then noticed something. Something that troubled him a lot. 'Guys... the stuff I just read... disappeared...' He stared at the page in pure shock. His heart skipped a beat. 'It's... probably some prank... of course...' He slowly put the book on the table and stared at it with wide open eyes.
Remy stand next to Jeremy biting is lip softley. "You sure ...?" He streched out his arm to touch the book and flip the pages. 'Why would it be blank ?"
Cari frowned. "Some kind of magic book? Remy, could you pass it here?"
He stood up and started walking around the table nervously, sticking his thumb in his mouth and lightly biting the skin. 'What bothers me is... the spell written on the first page... How come it disappeared right after I read it?' He looked suspiciously at the book.
Shaking a little Remy hand over the book to Cari. Turning his face to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 61.36145
Retrieved Text: Memes, The Interview, and Fictional: Ebro Addresses Nicki Minaj Rumor On Hot 97: "I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Woman" @balleralert Ebro Addresses Nicki Minaj Rumor On Hot 97: "I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Woman" -blogged by @BenitaShae ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Since RemyMa dropped her NickiMinaj diss track " ShETHER" everyone is wondering what's fiction and what's fact. Remy Ma insinuated that Hot97 radio personality EbroDarden once hooked up with Nicki and Ebro has finally set the record straight. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ On Sunday morning, Ebro took to Twitter to address Remy's line and claimed she was lying about him sleeping with Nicki. And on Monday morning, Ebro told his side, in detail, on-air during his Hot 97 radio show "Ebro in the Morning" with Peter Rosenberg. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Rosenberg cut to the chase and asked if the allegations were true or false. "I did not have sexual relations with that woman in any way, shape, or for." Ebro said. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Ebro explained his friendship with Nicki. He said he met her years ago through DJKaySlay and they kicked it "several times" over the years but they have never been intimate. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ "I’ve never been alone with Nicki Minaj," Ebro said. "Ever. At a bar or with her friends or management. It was always work." ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Ebro also explained why he chose to respond to Remy via Twitter. "I knew that it would make Nicki feel better," he said. "I knew that it would make me feel better. It would

########
Rank: 9
Score: 61.101273
Retrieved Text: For Quinn Collins, buying the flower shop in downtown Harbor Pointe fulfills a childhood dream, but also gives her the chance to stick it to her mom, who owned the store before skipping town twenty years ago and never looking back. Completing much-needed renovations, however, while also competing for a prestigious flower competition with her mother as the head judge, soon has Quinn in over her head. Not that she'd ever ask for help.Luckily, she may not need to. Quinn's father and his meddling friends find the perfect solution in notorious Olympic skier Grady Benson, who had only planned on passing through the old-fashioned lakeside town. But when a heated confrontation leads to property damage, helping Quinn as a community-service sentence seems like the quickest way out--and the best way to avoid more negative press.Quinn finds Grady reckless and entitled; he thinks she's uptight and too regimented. Yet as the two begin to hammer and saw, Quinn sees glimpses of the vulnerability behind the bravado, and Grady learns from her passion and determination, qualities he seems to have lost along the way. But when a well-intentioned omission has devastating consequences, Grady finds himself cast out of town--and Quinn's life--possibly forever. Forced to face the hurt holding her back, Quinn must finally let go or risk missing out on the adventure of a lifetime.Includes discussion questions.
"For Quinn Collins, buying the flower shop in downtown Harbor Pointe fulfills a childhood dream, but also gives her the chance to stick it to her mom, who owned the store before

########
Rank: 10
Score: 60.784298
Retrieved Text: While we wait for Minaj to (hopefully) hit the studio to record her response, take a look at how fans are reacting to Remy's new track "ShETHER" in the posts below.
Twitter didn't like this move.
Got us all fired up.
Remy Ma just made me wanna beef and I don't have nothing against NOBODY.
Nicki threw Beyoncé into the mix.
that track definitely was a violation.
Remy Ma so damn disrespectful.
ebro also was a casualty.
this diss track had footnotes, too.
They gonna send Remy back to jail because this song gotta violate her probation. This was violence.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 60.74645
Retrieved Text: Here is a cute video of Remy & Matty playing. Remy loves ANYTHING with a squeaker. He generally refuses to play with quiet toys. Any toy that squeaks he loves (& usually destroys). We have tons of squeakers he has managed to remove from various toys. Today, Matty was teasing Remy with a squeaker & it drove poor Remy nuts. You can hear him voice his opinion. He's a talker!
Awwwww....poor Remy. Matty thinks of the cutest games to play with him. Way to go Matee! I loved watching.
Poor Remy! As I played that video at home, Goliath's ears perked right up and glared at the tv. He even snorted a couple of times! We should meet at a dog park w/our boys sometime, no?
I can't wait to see the baby! Clearly, I need to remind someone to e-mail me a pic of my painting again.... thanks for the reminder!
I will punch him in the neck next time I see him.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 60.397114
Retrieved Text: Do not know when did it happens, or even how it begins, Remy found his different feelings about the girl who always wandered around the picturesque river bank outside the countryside in the last beam of the sunset. Every evening, he would hide himself behind an huge old oak tree stood aside the river and affectionately gaze at her, more than carefully and quitely.
Day by day, his obsession with the girl was gradually increasing and he almost could not refrain himself from showing the deep affection to her. The most part of the beautiful girl he was fascinated with must be her long hair, he more than once told himself this. Not only because he was graduated from a hairdresser training school five years ago and he was born to own a sharp sense of hairdressing issues like hair extensions and clip-in hair extensions and he longed for opening a hairdresser shop named Remy Hair Weave for a very long time, but also the girl's hair was quite more than soft and lustrous, which made her just like a divine goddess when the slight dim dyed her hair golden in a moment. He was completely lost.
However, having no idea how to be close to her or even strike up a conversation with her, he was extremely frustrated and restless with anxiety. Suddenly, he remembered that he had taken a notebook in his pocket, so without another hesitation he noted something on it, soulfully and heartly.
After finished it, he put the notebook into a hole of the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 60.222435
Retrieved Text: Remy has no memories of his parents. Born in New Orleans with unusual eyes - red irises on black sclera - it was because of his unique eyes that he was snatched from the hospital shortly after birth. It was believed that he was the fulfillment of an ancient prophecy for the even older Thieves Guild.
In those early months, he was under the guardianship of a person known as the Antiquary. Jean-Luc LeBeau saw the child and could not abide the thought of him being raised a relative slave. LeBeau struck a bargain with the Antiquary to free Remy. He was placed into the care of fellow Thieves' Guild member Fagan's group of child-thieves to grow.
Existing on the streets is a tough life and worse for a child. Remy showed his instincts were strong and he was a survivor. He was determined to make his way, humble though it was. Eating from discarded meals and scraps, ducking out of sight to avoid the tougher gangs that beat up the smaller and weaker. He watched other members of the Thieves' Guild as they picket pockets and robbed to get their ill gotten gain. Learning from an early age the laws of the street, he also turned to picking pockets though he was no instant success. Once he perfected his techniques, he was able to carve out a living for the next several years.
When ten, Remy crossed paths with Jean-Luc LeBeau once again - he tried to pick the man's pocket. He almost succeed and it was from

########
Rank: 14
Score: 59.913387
Retrieved Text: Chapter 94 - ГЛАВА 94.
Сент-Джеймсский парк - это зеленый островок в самом центре Лондона, расположенный неподалеку от Вестминстерского и Букингемского дворцов. Теперь он открыт для всех желающих, но некогда король Генрих VIII обнес парк изгородью и развел там оленей, на которых охотился вместе с придворными. В теплые солнечные дни лондонцы устраивают пикники прямо под раскидистыми ивами и кормят пеликанов, обитающих в пруду. Кстати, дальние предки этих пеликанов некогда были подарены Карлу II русским послом.
The Teacher saw no pelicans today. The stormy weather had brought instead seagulls from the ocean. The lawns were covered with them-hundreds of white bodies all facing the same direction, patiently riding out the damp wind. Despite the morning fog, the park afforded splendid views of the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. Gazing across the sloping lawns, past the duck pond and the delicate silhouettes of the weeping willows, the Teacher could see the spires of the building that housed the knight's tomb-the real reason he had told Remy to come to this spot.
As the Teacher approached the front passenger door of the parked limousine, Remy leaned across and opened the door. The Teacher paused outside, taking a pull from the flask of cognac he was carrying. Then, dabbing his mouth, he slid in beside Remy and closed the door.
Remy held up the keystone like a trophy.
- Ты прекрасно справился, - сказал Учитель.
"We have done well," Remy replied, laying the keystone in the Teacher's eager hands.
- Мы справились вместе! - поправил его Реми. И передал камень Учителю.
The Teacher admired it a long

########
Rank: 15
Score: 59.672226
Retrieved Text: Remy Ma gave birth to the most beautiful baby girl, and three days after that, she returned to social media in order to thank her husband, Papoose, for her $94,000 push present.
She also made sure to explain that her infant daughter will not be named Golden Child.
‘Thank you for my “Push Present” Husband @papoosepapoose ??? I’ve been so happy with the baby that I forgot all about such materialistic things.??‍♀️ We have been married for ten years but today is the day we FINALLY had our wedding. Such a special day that we have to acknowledge it? (3 years ago)- we call it our “TV Wedding Anniversary”’ Remy wrote.
The push present that Remy is talking about is a $94k Cadillac.
Now, Page Six reports that Remy’s days after she gave birth were not easy at all. She delivered her baby over the past weekend, and she returned to the hospital on Tuesday.
‘Remy is recovering in the hospital from a blood transfusion due to childbirth complications,’ her rep reportedly told Page Six on Wednesday.
We wish Remy tons of health and only happy days ahead for the whole family.
They will definitely be having the Christmas of their lives, as we couldn’t be happier for all of them.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 59.39881
Retrieved Text: When Remy Ma and Papoose stopped by The Wendy Williams Show on Friday (Sept. 28) to promote their upcoming VH1 special Meet The Mackies, things took a unexpected turn when Williams asked Remy about her current situation with Nicki Minaj and Cardi B.
According to the Terror Squad femcee, there is no beef. "It’s no relationship," she said, despite the 2017 release of the Minaj-aimed diss track "shETHER." "I don’t harbor any ill feelings or wish bad on her."
As for her relationship with Cardi B, Remy reveals that the foundation is based on encouragement and professionalism. "When we usually speak, it’s not like a whole gossip thing or whatever,” she said. "It’s usually always words of encouragement....I don’t think either one of us really dwells on the negative stuff. So much positive things is going on in both of our lives right now that we have way more positive than negative to talk about."
Remy Ma recently came to Cardi B's defense during Revolt TV's inaugural episode of State of The Culture with Joe Budden. “She’s been Cardi B, the b***h from the Bronx, for 25 years. She’s been Cardi B, the b***h with the No. 1 record for one year," she started, referring to the now-infamous fashion week altercation that took place between the two New York rappers. "Sometimes people put these unrealistic expectations [on you] because you make a certain amount of money."

########
Rank: 17
Score: 58.90326
Retrieved Text: Meet Gus, (one of my best friend from college) who is sitting on the seat left to me and I am sitting in the window seat (I mean Remy..:P). We are discussing the title of my new website project which we need to complete this month.
Remy: Gus, what do you think would be a good title for an online bookstore website?
Leslie: I saw your work. You are really doing a great job. I wish I could be part of your team.
Leslie: Umm…how Pustak (a Hindi version for a book).
Guster: Add “On Click” to it that’s making it an online version.
Remy: That’s a great idea I have got my name – “Pustak On Click” 😊. Thanks, Gus and Les.
Moon: Hi Remy!! Howzz life going?
Remy: [Frustrated] Moon don’t you see I am working. DON’T DISTURB ME (without even a Please).
Moon: Ok Ok. Take care buddy (what else a good friend can do).
Buzz: So today I wanted to share a story of my friend who has really done a commendable job in completing his work so efficiently and look at us just ruin around the things and not taking our project work seriously. (he is referring to the website that I made and doing it over to make the teacher feel embarrassed he’s just a Being Buzz 😊). We all should really learn from him that you can do anything if you truly believe in it. (I think he should stop by now what do u think?).
But that’s a big NO then he called me up on stage and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 58.865627
Retrieved Text: Remy Ma, not content with just dropping diss tracks aimed at Nicki Minaj, has started sharing personal photos of her adversary on Instagram.
In a now-deleted post, Remy shared a photo of Nicki on all fours atop a bed wearing little besides her bra and a g-string. Remy didn’t reveal how she came by the photo, but it was clear that her intention was to embarrass Minaj. The tweet followed Remy dropping “Another One,” her second diss track for Nicki in just over a week.
The photo is evidently from before Nicki became famous, with the rapper looking significantly different. Remy Ma pointed this difference out by captioning the photo #B4TheButtJob.
Before long, it seemed as though Remy had thought better of the whole thing, deleting the Instagram post. For a while later, the accompanying tweet that came with it remained on Remy’s Twitter, but she eventually got rid of that too.
Somehow we don’t think that Remy taking down the photo is going to be enough to quell the bad blood between the two, especially when one bears in mind the lyrics “they was sellin’ footage and you know I bought it,” which seems to suggest that Remy has more physical evidence of Nicki Minaj that might cause her some embarrassment.
So far, Nicki hasn’t responded to Remy’s bait — something that could all change now that Remy has made it more personal than ever.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 57.846107
Retrieved Text: Produced by Oprah Winfrey, award-winning filmmaker Ava DuVernay (Selma), and Melissa Carter, Queen Sugar chronicles the lives and loves of the estranged Bordelon siblings in Saint Josephine, Louisiana. Reunited by a family tragedy, the Bordelons must navigate their complicated lives in order to run an ailing sugarcane farm.
Ralph Angel finally learns the truth about his biological connection to Blue, Charley exposes her hidden plan for Landry Enterprises, and Nova is propositioned by book publishers.
Violet receives a business proposition, Nova faces a tough career decision, and Micah wants to transfer schools. Plus, Charley learns shocking information about Sam Landry.
Micah starts his new school, an interaction with Blue leaves Ralph Angel guilt-ridden, and Nova works on her book. Plus, Charley reveals her secret plan to Nova and Darla returns.
Darla and Ralph Angel talk, Hollywood offers Violet a business solution, and Charley learns something new. Plus, Davis reveals a secret, and Nova tells Remy something personal.
Nova and Remy act on their feelings and Ralph Angel forms a new connection. Plus, Davis tells Charley his secret and Micah and his friends stumble upon something disturbing.
Remy and Nova address their feelings, and Violet receives a business proposal. Plus, Charley discovers something suspicious, and Ralph Angel goes on a date.
Violet celebrates her 60th birthday, Nova and Remy grow closer, and Darla and Ralph Angel discuss custody. Plus, the Bordelon family discovers the Landrys' true plan for the land.
Nova is made an offer she cannot refuse, and Violet learns the fate of her business, and Micah and his friends execute their plan. Plus,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 57.816864
Retrieved Text: TBQ'S Book Palace: [Kame's Review]: "Real"
Brooke is dragged to an Underground boxing match by her best friend Melanie, who thinks Brooke needs to get out more. Brooke is a sports rehab specialist and all she can think of during the match is the injuries the boxers are sustaining. Melanie is there to see Remington “Riptide” Tate, he is not only dominating in the ring, he has the most incredible body and Brooke is stunned when she sees him for the first time. Something draws RipTide’s eyes to Brooke’s side of the ring and they lock eyes.
Remington is known as Remy to the people who work for him. He has a small army of people that help him manage his underground boxing career. He is a man of few words, and he guards his emotions. Brooke had a dream, and her failure to reach that dream became a public spectacle. She is drawn to Remy and even though he is furthest from the type of man she would consider she has fallen for him hard. It has been so long since she has allowed herself to be involved with anyone, I question if she believes she deserves it; she has a continual internal struggle with her past failure. While Remy’s flaws intrigued me, I wanted to learn more of what he had hidden; Brooke’s internal debate and thoughts of her flaws wore on me.
The opening of this book was incredible; I was turning pages on my Kindle as fast as I could. My favorite scenes are when

########
Rank: 21
Score: 57.624596
Retrieved Text: What does he not want her to see?
Bless her heart, Remy Ma done accidentally started World War III by telling Lil’ Mo about Karl’s Instagram. Tons of people use Instagram, but considering the history Lil’ Mo and Karl have with social media and infidelity, this might as well be an Ashley Madison account.
At a rare boxing press appearance, Remy tells Mo that she’s glad she saw Karl promoting this event on Instagram because otherwise she and Papoose would have missed it. Mo, who made Karl delete his Instagram a few weeks ago, couldn’t understand what account Remy was talking about. When they pulled up the account, not only was it Karl’s, but he actually had BLOCKED his own wife from seeing it. Remy looked at Mo and said “G2g girl, don’t pop off, BYE!” and that meant there was only one thing for Mo to do: go off. She hopped into the ring to let Karl have a piece of her mind. Slight problem, all of his boxing has taught Karl to be quick on his feet and he dodged Mo before she could square up. That didn’t make her less frustrated, so she just took her anger over to Snoop, who knew Karl had this secret boxing IG account but didn’t say anything. Mo stormed out of the event, Karl didn’t follow her, but if we know anything, it’s that this fight certainly isn’t over. It’s a tough week to be married on Love & Hip Hop.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 57.59063
Retrieved Text: His eyes were like fogged glass, his mannerisms like clockwork. Their heads moved in unison to the sounds around them, cocking their heads and shuffling their bodies through turns to appear to look towards a voice. They were like figurines in a music box, each limb bending and twisting to the sounds that played around them. Quinn and Kiara looked so fragile in that moment.
Kairi was pleasantly surprised at the sight of Quinn and Kiara, as she had brought up a new found friend from the Underdark whom she had convinced that this demon, Quinn, would be an obstacle for. This vicious drow, Kel'atar, was the perfect specimen of pride and testosterone to throw against Quinn. One so much like the other, she knew they would have to engage each other in a battle for territory, like lions during mating season. This was her chance to rid herself of her pain, not of a broken heart, but the pain she repeatedly suffered every time she saw Quinn with another woman. It was no longer her pain she felt, but theirs, knowing what their future would bring.
Words were exchanged between the two, beating their chests claiming dominance. Kel'atar struck, catching Quinn off guard as he was succumbed to his blindness. The scuffle continued, Quinn moving himself away from Kiara and gaining strength and sight as he did so. The battle was taken down the road as Quinn was trying to regain his composure. Kiara cried out for them to stop, but she couldn't see that they had

########
Rank: 23
Score: 57.42645
Retrieved Text: From a tough stint in the armed forces to stalking the unknown as a bayou cop, leopard shifter Remy Boudreaux has been served well by his uncanny gifts. And right now, New Orleans could use a homicide detective like Remy. A serial killer is loose, snatching victims from the French Quarter with pitiless rage and unnatural efficiency. But something else is drawing Remy into the twilight - a beautiful jazz singer bathed night after night in a flood of bloodred neon.
Sultry, mysterious, and as seductive as her songs, she's luring Remy deeper into the shadows than he ever imagined. And as their passions swell, his keen instinct for survival will be challenged like never before. By a killer - and by a woman.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 57.414253
Retrieved Text: Summary: The past defines us. The past is who we are. If no one knows your past do they really know you?
Spencer moved towards his front door, happy to be home. He’d been gone for two weeks. Two back to back cases without a night a home had run him ragged. His go bag was slung over his shoulder with his messenger bag over the other. He was tired and wanted to sleep for two days. He hadn’t heard from Remy and figured he was home but he couldn’t be sure. He stopped when he saw that the door was slightly ajar. He dropped his two bags to the floor silently and pulled his gun. He checked the safety and started forward. The ding of the elevator had him stopping and turning. Morgan was standing there with his phone in his hand. His eyes were wide at the sight of Spencer standing there with his gun drawn. Morgan pocketed the phone quickly and drew his own gun.
“What do we have?” Morgan asked in a whisper as he approached Spencer.
It took no time at all to clear the flat. There was no one there and the only signs that someone had been there was the utter disaster that was the bedroom and food plates in the kitchen.
“Oatmeal with blueberries, coffee, and bacon,” Spencer said as his heart twisted. There was only one reason that Remy hadn’t cleaned up after himself. He sighed. He wished that Morgan wasn’t there. It would have been easier to take care of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 57.384415
Retrieved Text: Bridgeport police officer Cody Remy in the middle of his patrol around the Trumbull Gardens in Connecticut when he saw a child struggling with something off in the grass. Instead of ignoring the child and driving away, Officer Remy stopped his patrol car, got out and offered his help.
While driving by in his police cruiser, Officer Remy noticed a child off in the distance with a broken bike. The thoughtful officer realized this was the perfect moment to build police relations in the community and walked over to the boy.
Without hesitating, Officer Remy got on his knees and repaired the boy's bike.
In the middle of the repair, someone snapped a picture of the interaction and shared it online! Now Officer Remy is a hero in his community - he just wanted to do the right thing for a kid on his patrol route!
Bridgeport Mayor Bill Finch told WFSB News that Officer Remy's actions were representative of the type of man he is everyday.
"Officer Remy's act of helping out a child in need in our community is a great example. He doesn't think he did anything extraordinary. But I disagree. The picture speaks for itself. And, I'll leave it up to others in our community and beyond to decide for themselves."
It may have been a small act of kindness, but it did so much to show the city's youth that police officers are there to help whenever they need it most!
Learn more about Officer Remy's heartwarming actions here!
Have you ever had a similar encounter with a police

########
Rank: 26
Score: 57.243313
Retrieved Text: Remy the dog-child is full-up on crystal and every time she barks she coughs up white crystal fungus in the sharp shape of pine trees. She runs through the diamond mines barking and sending the shapes into the sky. Remy the dog-child runs.
When she gets to the bottom of the diamond mine she sees three caves. Cave one reads: House. Cave two reads: Window. Cave three reads: Cabinet. Remy the dog-child takes ten blue crystals from the pockets of her neon green shorts. She throws them into the sky as an offering. Three crystals fall back down and land a few feet away in a print of sand. The choice has been made, and Remy the dog-child sprints into cave three, an arc of black diamond mine dust formed behind her.
Inside cave three is a room. Inside the room is a floating cabinet with four drawers.
“Pick only one,” says a voice.
Remy the dog-child sits back on the tail of her spine.
“Throw the crystals against the wall, see what sticks,” says the voice.
“I’m Dad,” says the voice.
Remy the dog-child takes the remaining seven blue crystals from her pocket. She eats one and watches the floating cabinet tremble with haze. Colored bars of red, blue, pink, prison her vision for ten seconds then dissipate. She takes the seven blue crystals and throws them against the wall and four stick.
Remy the dog-child rumble-walks and barks her way to the cabinet. Tiny numbered carvings 1-2-3-4 label each drawer. Four is the bottom drawer. Remy the dog-child wants a mother, not

########
Rank: 27
Score: 57.163982
Retrieved Text: 2. ...and afterward, he makes sure to walk upright instead of on all fours to keep his two front paws clean.
3. At one point, the food critic Anton Ego states, "I don’t 'like' food, I love it. If I don’t love it, I don’t swallow" — this is especially prescient because he's a little fuller in the face at the end of the movie than he was at the beginning, which suggests the food has improved!
5. ...and an office that resembles a coffin.
6. When Anton tastes Remy and Linguini's ratatouille, he's transported back to his childhood and reminded of his mother's cooking. There's a pretty convincing fan theory that Remy grew up in Anton's mother's house and, therefore, learned to cook by watching Anton's mother.
7. This one's easy to miss, but Colette has an oven rack burn on her forearm — a common injury among professional chefs.
8. And Linguini has a bite mark on his hand from where Remy bit him earlier on.
9. When Linguini offers to hide Remy in his pants before work, Linguini is wearing underpants adorned with Incredibles logos.
10. And Bomb Voyage from The Incredibles makes a very brief appearance in the background of a scene.
11. When Remy explores the apartment building, he sees a woman pointing a gun at a man. A moment later, they end up kissing. Later on, when Colette is about to mace Linguini, Remy makes him go in for a kiss.
12. In the same scene, Remy is chased off by a dog that looks suspiciously like Dug from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 57.01802
Retrieved Text: Gambit secretly follows the Courier to get more information about the New Son, but instead stumbles into a meeting of a group called A.S.K.E.W. A yellow gas cloud is released it disfigures all the scientists, and after it has bbeen pulled back into a canister, the Mengo Brothers arrive to transport all of them to the Pig. Gambit grabs the canister from them and runs, but the Mengos chase him through New York. On the fighting scene is a homeless mutant named Quiet Bill, he randomly calls up teleportation portals and the captured scientists are sucked through. The Mengos escape with what they belive the gas canister, but Gambit has the real one, and knows that the Pig will come after him. Fontanelle probes Sekmeht Conoway, but besides her admiring Gambit finds out nothing useful.
Remy is restless fulfilling his debt to the New Son, so he follows his messenger Courier to find out more about him. Courier addresses the Crew A.S.K.E.W., a for-profit research group. One of them, the Pelican, interrupts; he has acquired a will-sapping gas, which he wants mass-produced. The canister cracks; turns out the gas has the side effect of melting your face off. The gas is sucked back into the canister; the Mengo brothers enter; they now control everyone (they are working for the Pig), except Courier; he can control every cell in his body and can’t be affected by the gas. Remy blows his way in and leaves with Courier and the canister.
Fontanelle investigates Sekmeht’s dreams: digging up relics of En

########
Rank: 29
Score: 56.98115
Retrieved Text: Frankie smiled softly as he held him close.
Jacen leaned his head on Frankie's chest, closing his eyes as he tried to relax.
"Will you be fine here?"
"What do you want?" Remy asked.
Frankie started to carry him downstairs.
"Yeah, Jasper is here is anything happens."
Jacen held onto Frankie tightly, leaning against him more.
Artemis smiled and nodded. "True..."
"Okay." Remy chuckled before getting up.
Julian smiled as he rubbed his stomach.
"I'll be back later, okay?"
Remy smiled at him before going out into the kitchen.
"I love you too." Frankie said with a soft smile.
Julian picked up a book as he waited.
Jacen smiled before starting to fall back asleep in Frankie's arms.
"Love you." Artemis smiled, hugging Alex tightly.
Remy came back soon after with Julian's food.
Alex smiled happily and kissed him softly.
Julian smiled as he took the offered bowl.
Jay slowly opened his eyes.
Artemis kissed him back before reluctantly letting go.
Remy smiled and sat back beside him.
Cody was half asleep, curled up against Jay, one arm around his friend.
Alex sighed but let him go.
Julian started on his food.
Artemis frowned at the sigh and kissed him again. "We shouldn't be gone too long."
"Good?" Remy asked as he watched him.
"I will." Artemis nodded, kissing Alex's head.
Julian kisses his cheek with a smile.
Artemis gave a small smile before turning and going to find Frankie.
Remy chuckled and carefully pulled Julian close.
Frankie was in the hallway with Jacen.
Julian smiled as he relaxed again.
Jay curled up sadly, wanting to know if Seth was ok.
Artemis smiled when he saw them, speaking quietly when he saw Jacen asleep. "Ready to go?"
Remy held Julian close,

================



======= Instance Index 18314 =========
Input Text: Context: Remy was at a friend's house and they were making strawberry pancakes, they offered Remy some.  Remy had never tried strawberry pancakes.

Question: What does Remy want to do now?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: try the pancakes

B: not try to pancakes

C: say no

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 66.54165
Retrieved Text: Patrick was a runner and an accountant who worked out of his home in Houston. They were a perfect match- however reluctant Patrick was to take Remy in, in the first place.
It was a cloudy overcast day in March and the skies were opening to pour. Patrick had just started his run, when he noticed a small, gorgeous pointer puppy scratching at an industrial fence surrounding an abandoned factory downtown.
Patrick looked around for the puppy’s owner or his mother, but there was no one. It began to rain. First slowly and then came down in sheets. Patrick thought quickly. There was an opening in the fence, a few feet from where the puppy was trying to get through. Patrick scooped Remy up and squeezed through the small opening. Maybe he could take cover under the awning he saw across the factory yard. Remy cuddled into the crook of Patrick’s armpit.
The factory had ivy growing up the side of the brick. It was the kind of charming place that would make a great brewery or trendy advertising space, Patrick thought. He had never run on this side of town before, but found that by switching up his running spots, he learned more about the city and also got a better workout. The hills were different etc. Taking cover under the awning got him close enough to the shattered window of the place to see why no one wanted it. He smelled urine. He saw squatters. There were fires burning in old rusty trashcans strewn intermittingly across the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 63.84178
Retrieved Text: Danger-room session had gone fine, absolutely, if nothing else, it kept his mind focussed on what he was doing - instead of what he *wanted* to do. With only a skeleton crew present at the mansion, the place hadn't exactly been crowded. Deserted was more like it. He'd felt good after the workout, enjoyed the lingering feel of adrenalin. Yes... that had to be the explanation - he'd been high on adrenalin.
Bobby swallowed hard and tried to scold himself for sounding like a bad poet. The memory, though, the memory of Remy in the shower, naked... He really should have left at that point, instead of staring at the mesmerizing display in front of him.
Back turned to the door, muscular body relaxed. Wonderfully shaped shoulders, not too broad or bulky, tanned skin - equally tanned all over, as he couldn't help noticing. Pale scars here and there... Bobby couldn't move, couldn't close his eyes, as Remy began turning around, blinking water out of his eyes.
That's all Bobby saw, as he finally regained control of his body - well, more or less, and fled the room, not stopping until he'd closed his own door.
Another sigh escaped him as he stepped into the hot spray. Figures he'd go and fall for a guy who was 110% straight. Sure, Remy would flirt shamelessly with anything that had a pulse, but from there to actually doing anything that had a pulse, including Bobby, was an entirely different thing.
Deciding around lunchtime to allow his growling stomach to convince him that leaving

########
Rank: 2
Score: 62.31258
Retrieved Text: Disney’s latest addition to its Cruise Line fleet, the Disney Dream, brings many new innovations. Perhaps one of the best of those is the addition of a second adult only restaurant, Remy.
Remy, unlike Palo, which still packs a punch and promises a great meal, takes dining on the high seas to a new height.
Inside the Gustav room at Remy.
It was on our way over to the States that I read in a cruise magazine that Remy is the highest priced dining option on any cruise ship. I already had high expectations of our meal there, but learning that only served to raise those expectations even more.
On the first afternoon we boarded the Dream, we went for a look around, filled with curiosity about what might be waiting for us. We found our way quickly up to Remy and were immediately impressed by what we found. It had a delightful atmosphere to it, refined, but not to the point where you’d feel uncomfortable here. We loved the Disney touches, particularly the subtle shape of Remy interwoven into some of the seating here.
We fell in love when we walked through the main dining area and into the Gustav Room, with its brightly coloured carpet, complete with a massive “G” in the fabric, and its stunning portraits of the Paris skyline. In here, you really are whisked away to the city of romance, and it’s as if you’re dining with a view of the Seine behind you. Immediately, we asked if we could be seated here for our dinner

########
Rank: 3
Score: 61.95844
Retrieved Text: Founded in 1974, the history of the House of Rémy Martin is one of a family, the family of five generations of vintners and cognacs driven by the same ambition. Creation of cognac is the work of the cellar master. By subtly blending eaux-de-vie like an alchemist, they create the Fine Champagne... I have an unopened bottle of remy martin grande champagne, the bottle comes with its glass plug. The bottle has a label that this drink has been served at a royal diner in Versailles.
Founded in 1974, the history of the House of Rémy Martin is one of a family, the family of five generations of vintners and cognacs driven by the same ambition. Creation of cognac is the work of the cellar master. By subtly blending eaux-de-vie like an alchemist, they create the Fine Champagne... Unfortunately Remy Martin have discontinued this cognac and replaced it with the Fine Cask Finish VSOP which is dreadful, like drinking petrol. The original VSOP was beautifully smooth, mellow and a real pleasurable sipping cognac. Shame. I'm busy trying to find the old stock in the frosted bottle, but think I may now have to upscale my budget and try the Remy XO.
Why You Should be Drinking Cognac you can also stop for a $40,000 bottle of Remy Martin Louis XIII Rare Cask 42 .6 if you find yourself at the Peninsula Beverly Hills. Or an $800 half-ounce... Cognac-expert.com In 2017, Louis XIII releases Remy Martin Louis XIII Legacy Cognac combining the legend of XIII with the ‘legacy’ of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 61.583366
Retrieved Text: Through the lace wigs inception, types of hair were limited to only a few textures. These days, there are a myriad of remy tresses choices for all ethnicities as well as backgrounds. These added choices make having a lace hairpiece even more exciting as you change yourself into a style chameleon.
Remy is curly hair which the cuticle is dealing with the direction in which this grew. There are many different categories which remy can full below and each one varies greatly. The greatest of quality for human being hair is virgin. This particular malaysian deep curly hair is unprocessed and also was cut in the path it originally grew within. Not all remy hair is actually virgin. Once virgin frizzy hair is chemically processed or even colored, it simply becomes remy and is no longer virgin.
The phrase malaysian hair wigs itself is often taken advantage of today in the industry to attract those interested in lace wigs. Some remy is prepared with harsh chemicals after becoming collected from mass locks collectors in China along with other Asian countries. Only the finest associated with remy hair is gathered by a single collector who else extracts the hair directly from the actual donor being careful regarding damaging the cuticle.
Indian remy is the most well-known and produced malaysian wavy hair. Indian remy come in a variety of colors and measures. Since most Indian's possess very dark colored tresses, tresses marketed as virgin cuticle hair should also be the exact same color.
Indian texture is really popular because it is versatile

########
Rank: 5
Score: 61.535645
Retrieved Text: Wear a fragrance that's as distinctive and debonair as you are when you spray on Cigar Black Oud from Remy Latour. This timeless scent for men opens with a bold citrus blend of Florida tangerine and Sicilian lemon spiced with a hint of Ceylon cinnamon..
Launched by the design house of Remy Latour in 1996, CIGAR isfied as a sharp, oriental, woody fragrance. This masculine scent possesses a blend of sandalwood and patchouli. It is recommended for daytime wear.
Diamond Rain by Remy Latour is a cheerful, bright fragrance that you can wear throughout the week, whether for work or a day on the town. A unique composition opens with violet leaves, bergamot and jasmine. Then, at the heart of the fragrance, it enters into fragrant notes of peach, orange blossom and iris.
Remy was released in 1999 and it will remind you of a summer’s breeze. This beautiful blend consists of lime, black currant, jasmine, and apple. The base is filled with vanilla, musk, and amber.
This delightfully feminine blend, Un Ete A Paris Perfume, was founded by Remy Latour and debuted in 2014. The delicate top notes of Moroccan tangerine, Sicilian lemon and sweet mandarin orange give a light, citrusy scent. The middle notes are a calming, floral blend of ylang ylang, orange blossom and strawberry.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 61.039047
Retrieved Text: Hair extensions are the current rage in the fashion world and are being seen everywhere from runways to the movies. Women all over the world are opting for hair extensions for a glamorous look without the hassle of maintaining their own long tresses. If you get hair extensions it is easier to add or remove them to suit various occasions; this makes them perfect for the fast paced world that we live in today.
And if you are keen on getting hair extensions, Indian Remy weaving hair is the only way to get natural looking, beautiful and tangle free extensions. In salons across countries Indian Remy weaving hair are the preferred choice for wigs, extensions and weaves of all types. They are known for their durability and easy management making them prefect for hair extensions that last long. If you buy genuine Indian Remy weaving hair you can style them and customize the color to suit your preference. Make sure that you purchase them from a reputable distributor to have exquisitely natural and beautiful looking extensions.
Indian Remy weaving hair is collected from temples in the southern parts of India where it’s a norm to offer hair in the same way that tithes are offered in the church. Women will generally offer their hair before an auspicious occasion like a wedding or before moving into a new house.
These hairs are then collected and sold by the temple and the funds thus procured are used to aid the poor and needy in the community. If you were to ask

########
Rank: 7
Score: 60.95481
Retrieved Text: disappears before he can catch it.
now a baron, are also on the trail.
Bill and Huey, who ³is the key that opens the door to everywhere² (see iss. 3).
tunnels (X-Factor 10). She asks him if he blames Remy.
jewel disappears during the fight.
a sewer pipe, where he gets the jewel.
has stolen an adamantium stomach, which was supposed to go into Judge Buechler.
survive. They fight on top of a train to Jersey, then all jump off a bridge.
attempt while he was in prison.
his adamantium coils to Creed, and the jerk Buechler gets the stomach.
as well as rescuing Jean Luc and Tante Mattie as children.
past, leaving the Mengos to guard Sekmeht.
Doyle¹s Moriarty). He knows Jacques LeBeau.
Further Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix).
takes the Guild members captive.
past Courier, who reverts to his true form and is knocked out.
legends of Essex, with ghostly pale face, linked to the ancient Egyptian warlord.
newspaper that Essex, calling himself Milbury, is connected to the Black Womb.
It¹s a race to New York to investigate.
Duchess of Devonshire painting) to get his yacht and sail to New York.
Essex is operating under the alias of Dr. Milbury, obstetrician.
still interested in Courier in iss. 9?).
in her 5th Avenue mansion. In the entry hall, he is attacked by the Guild.
head with a flower pot.
tells Remy where to find her doctor, Milbury.
are mobbed by early Morlocks.
a jar and offers to make a deal with Remy.
Kingdom, then Candra shows up.
he gave to Sinister, but somehow he can¹t do it.
Remy needs her help in the past. She needs to go to Jean Luc.
and is told he

########
Rank: 8
Score: 60.73674
Retrieved Text: Remy crossed over the Rainbow Bridge early Sunday morning. He was in obvious distress and was ready to go. I know he's with my dad. I know he can run and chase small animals again. That gives me tons of comfort.
His passing has left a huge void in our lives. Our hearts are broken and only time will heal the hurt. One day when we think of Remy, we'll only smile and have happy memories. We had 13.5 wonderful years with him that we wouldn't trade for anything.
For now, I want to remember everything about him.
We wouldn't have had Remy in our lives if it wasn't for Naseem. She used to be a very picky eater and refused most food except for chicken nuggets, buttered noodles, raw carrots and mangoes. Omid made her a deal: Eat whatever was put in front of her for one month, and he would buy her a dog! It was hard for Nas, but she did it! We were all so excited. She thought she wanted a Bearded Collie, but after visiting the Rose City Dog Show, a Vizsla actually found us and the search was on for a breeder.
A year later, she finally got her puppy!
Remy loved oranges, blueberries and tomatoes. Every year we bought him his own cherry tomato plant. He'd check it everyday. He'd also check the neighbors tomato plants and blueberry bushes too.
Remy loved to go on our boat and dive off the back again and again (50 times in a row, no joke), he would get

########
Rank: 9
Score: 60.45836
Retrieved Text: Remy Ma, not content with just dropping diss tracks aimed at Nicki Minaj, has started sharing personal photos of her adversary on Instagram.
In a now-deleted post, Remy shared a photo of Nicki on all fours atop a bed wearing little besides her bra and a g-string. Remy didn’t reveal how she came by the photo, but it was clear that her intention was to embarrass Minaj. The tweet followed Remy dropping “Another One,” her second diss track for Nicki in just over a week.
The photo is evidently from before Nicki became famous, with the rapper looking significantly different. Remy Ma pointed this difference out by captioning the photo #B4TheButtJob.
Before long, it seemed as though Remy had thought better of the whole thing, deleting the Instagram post. For a while later, the accompanying tweet that came with it remained on Remy’s Twitter, but she eventually got rid of that too.
Somehow we don’t think that Remy taking down the photo is going to be enough to quell the bad blood between the two, especially when one bears in mind the lyrics “they was sellin’ footage and you know I bought it,” which seems to suggest that Remy has more physical evidence of Nicki Minaj that might cause her some embarrassment.
So far, Nicki hasn’t responded to Remy’s bait — something that could all change now that Remy has made it more personal than ever.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 60.435062
Retrieved Text: Remy has no memories of his parents. Born in New Orleans with unusual eyes - red irises on black sclera - it was because of his unique eyes that he was snatched from the hospital shortly after birth. It was believed that he was the fulfillment of an ancient prophecy for the even older Thieves Guild.
In those early months, he was under the guardianship of a person known as the Antiquary. Jean-Luc LeBeau saw the child and could not abide the thought of him being raised a relative slave. LeBeau struck a bargain with the Antiquary to free Remy. He was placed into the care of fellow Thieves' Guild member Fagan's group of child-thieves to grow.
Existing on the streets is a tough life and worse for a child. Remy showed his instincts were strong and he was a survivor. He was determined to make his way, humble though it was. Eating from discarded meals and scraps, ducking out of sight to avoid the tougher gangs that beat up the smaller and weaker. He watched other members of the Thieves' Guild as they picket pockets and robbed to get their ill gotten gain. Learning from an early age the laws of the street, he also turned to picking pockets though he was no instant success. Once he perfected his techniques, he was able to carve out a living for the next several years.
When ten, Remy crossed paths with Jean-Luc LeBeau once again - he tried to pick the man's pocket. He almost succeed and it was from

########
Rank: 11
Score: 60.38623
Retrieved Text: Michael Remy, Danielle Remy & Jim Majka have joined forces as the "Remy Team". These three dynamic agents have over 70 years experience in residential real estate, all head quartered on the Virginia Peninsula. The Remy Team covers all of S.E. Virginia from Williamsburg to Gloucester & Gloucester to York County to Chesapeake and the North Carolina line.
We are part of a full service Realty company offering all facets of the real estate buying experience under one roof. We are physically located in Newport News Town Center, the geographical center of our Peninsula. Members of our team are poised to help clients achieve their real estate needs: buying, selling or property management.
Michael handled everything! We were selling from out of state and Michael made the process a seamless one! He kept us informed and was there at the house when we couldn’t be.
As a first time home buyer, I came into this process stressed and confused. The Remy team, Danielle and Vaughnery, really were great at answering all of my questions and putting my needs first.
A proven realtor for many years.
A helpful staff also made smooth work out of selling our home.
Kept us updated through out the process. Was responsive with any any questions we had. Had to have a new roof put on and was able to quickly get us quotes and the job done once quote was accepted.
Michael was extremely helpful and made the process as smooth as it could be. He was knowledgeable and a pleasure to work with and we highly recommend

########
Rank: 12
Score: 60.064186
Retrieved Text: Remy Martin is a brand of upscale cognacs that are produced in the Cognac region in France. They refer to their products as “Cognac Fine Champagne”, which was originally produced by the French winemaker Remy Martin.
The original business was founded in 1724, however, the Remy Martin business is currently owned by the company Remy Cointreau, which was founded in 1991.
There are many products that Remy Martin produces including the most popular ones such as Remy Martin VSOP, Remy Martin XO Special, Remy Martin XO Excellence, Remy Martin Extra, Remy Martin Club, and Remy Martin 1738. In popular culture, it is primarily known for its Remy Martin XIII, which costs anywhere from $2,000 to $3,000 per bottle.
Below are the latest Remy Martin prices.
Remy Martin is an expensive brand of cognac, and thus it is generally not a good idea to use it in mixed drinks. You should really be using cheap cognacs or brandys. However, since some people prefer to make mixed drinks, we have gathered some popular cognac mixed drink recipes for your enjoyment.
Just remember, when you mix Remy Martin, make sure it’s VSOP and not a higher-end kind like XO.
Autumn in New York – 1 oz. Remy Martin VSOP cognac and 12 oz. Zima.
One Night Stand – 5 oz. Remy Martin VSOP cognac, 3 1/2 oz. Mountain Dew citrus soda, and 3 1/2 oz. orange juice.
Purple Passion #2 – 3 oz. Remy Martin VSOP cognac, 3 oz. Hypnotic liqueur, and 3 oz. Alize Red Passion liqueur.
Beautiful – 3 oz. Remy Martin VSOP cognac and 3

########
Rank: 13
Score: 59.466194
Retrieved Text: “Already took a L, now you got another one/I secure the bag, now I got another one/I caught the W, now I got another one," Remy rapped. "[...] Heard you callin&apos; everyone/Not callin&apos; back, &apos;cause I got another one/Heard you was kiddin&apos;, sayin&apos; I ain&apos;t havin&apos; none/But that&apos;s okay baby, &apos;cause now you my son."
Clearily, the Bronx rapper got too tired waiting for Nicki’s response.
The follow-up wasn’t necessarily surprising, as there were already rumors that Remy had another diss track up her sleeve; however, this new cut definitely had social media torn. Some thought Remy KO’d Nicki with the new track, while others were disappointed with the bars. Some even thought “Another One” was flat out unnecessary.
You can check out some of the Twitter responses below.
Hot97 just played Remy Ma new diss and Nicki is dead .
only thing i&apos;m gonna say about this Remy Ma diss song is.... she should&apos;ve stopped after Shether.
Flex wins, people really tuned into to hear Remy Ma diss Minaj, Incredible.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 59.29165
Retrieved Text: There's no denying that there's a problem with school dress codes.
They often don't make sense and are enforced randomly. And with the power of social media, people are speaking up about how ridiculous it is to be called out for what seem to be very tame fashion choices.
Remy Altuna is the latest student to come forward when she was called out by a teacher for what she was wearing.
Remy is a student at Beaumont High School in southern California.
She was recently called out by the vice principal for wearing an inappropriate outfit.
Remy maintains that her outfit wasn't inappropriate.
She was wearing a pair of jeans and a bodysuit without a bra.
After the incident, Remy posted about it on her Twitter where it began to gain traction online.
According to Remy, the vice principal wanted her to put on a jacket to cover up. She was concerned that people would "assume bad things" about Remy.
In an interview with Yahoo! Style about the incident, Remy said that the dress code is strict, but it isn't being enforced equally for boys and girls.
“'This year it just seems like they’re really out for blood, looking for anything."
"It would be one thing if they were dress-coding boys and girls equally, but she notes that girls have been the biggest targets, while the boys’ violations, such as ripped jeans, are overlooked."
And it looks like the support for Remy has been mixed.
Unfortunately, some men have replied to Remy's tweet to explain to her that guys just can't help but stare at braless women, and they

########
Rank: 15
Score: 59.106243
Retrieved Text: Bridgeport police officer Cody Remy in the middle of his patrol around the Trumbull Gardens in Connecticut when he saw a child struggling with something off in the grass. Instead of ignoring the child and driving away, Officer Remy stopped his patrol car, got out and offered his help.
While driving by in his police cruiser, Officer Remy noticed a child off in the distance with a broken bike. The thoughtful officer realized this was the perfect moment to build police relations in the community and walked over to the boy.
Without hesitating, Officer Remy got on his knees and repaired the boy's bike.
In the middle of the repair, someone snapped a picture of the interaction and shared it online! Now Officer Remy is a hero in his community - he just wanted to do the right thing for a kid on his patrol route!
Bridgeport Mayor Bill Finch told WFSB News that Officer Remy's actions were representative of the type of man he is everyday.
"Officer Remy's act of helping out a child in need in our community is a great example. He doesn't think he did anything extraordinary. But I disagree. The picture speaks for itself. And, I'll leave it up to others in our community and beyond to decide for themselves."
It may have been a small act of kindness, but it did so much to show the city's youth that police officers are there to help whenever they need it most!
Learn more about Officer Remy's heartwarming actions here!
Have you ever had a similar encounter with a police

########
Rank: 16
Score: 59.047497
Retrieved Text: Apparently Remy Ma's "Shether" has been snatched off of SoundCloud and the radio, and the Plata O Plomo artist isn't even allowed to perform the song anymore. Nas wants you to know that he had nothing to do with the move.
TMZ reports people close to Nas say the Illmatic artist has no problem with Remy using his "Ether" beat to diss Nicki Minaj. They claim that Nas would never interfere with a good old fashioned rap battle. Apparently Esco is pointing the finger at Universal for getting the track pulled, as they actually own the song.
"Ether" is a Jay Z diss song Nas dropped over 15 years ago on his album Stillmatic, a project that was released on Universal. The record label reportedly made their moves to ensure Remy won't profit off "Shether" after it became the second most downloaded song on iTunes.
While this might sting fans of the song, "Shether" apparently isn't even a track that Remy is proud of. She said as much during a recent Facebook Live interview on Buzzfeed's Another Round podcast.
“It just bothers me that this record that I put out where it’s literally picking apart a female went so viral, and every media outlet wants to talk about it and pick it up; I feel like we could’ve done the same thing working together,” she said on the podcast.
If Remy isn't feeling "Shether" so much these days, maybe she'll be more up to taking on Nicki's recent challenge. Earlier today (March 10), The Pinkprint artist basically bet $500,000 that Remy

########
Rank: 17
Score: 58.83791
Retrieved Text: Amity is the forgotten goddess of health, her healing powers next to nothing, but that does not stop her desire to help people who are suffering. So she still works in the medical profession, trying to ease suffering as much as she can. She often finds herself frustrated by her limitations and it comes out in this novel. Amity’s emotions really come through, her frustrations and capacity for caring is what really makes her shine in this story. Amity also opens up a bit on how it feels to be “forgotten” to be considered obsolete. Her powers have become so weak she feels almost impotent. She exhausts herself and her limited powers on a regular basis for her healing which has included Remy and Rom as they risk themselves repeatedly. With Remy and Rom she feels more than just her normal empathy, it’s more, its more than anything she has every felt in her long long life, but she’s afraid that they may be too damaged and she may never be able to get through to them.
Remy and Rom need Amity and they healing she can provide, not just to their physical bodies but to their emotional state. For so long they have been caught up with their vengeance not able to see past it. Now they don’t even have that to live for and everything that has been repressed is bubbling to the surface. Rom even more then Remy, Rom has repressed so much he can barely see what’s in front of him; a chance

########
Rank: 18
Score: 58.837498
Retrieved Text: If this is your first time trying to buy Remy hair extensions, you may not know what they are exactly. “Remy” refers to the method used to gather the hair, and the characteristics of the extensions made from that hair. All Remy extensions are made from human hair, and because of our connections, Eboni and Ivory is one of the best sellers of cheap Remy hair extension UK.
While Remy extensions are considered high quality due to their natural nature and parallel follicles, the best Remy hair extension will depend on your own hair. Because of the gathering method – the hairs all cut in one go, like removing a ponytail – Remy extensions can be quite expensive, and many of the Real Remy hair extensions have been mixed with non-Remy hairs. Eboni and Ivory use 100% natural Remy hair in our extensions, making us a reputable and reliable seller of hair extensions.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 58.782124
Retrieved Text: Cari groaned. "It's kind of boring without classes....."
Upon those dark pages obscured by the ages, thy sorrow will dance, for now thy life shalt be merely a dark trance.' He stared at the page with disbelief. 'This was... quite unusual...' He looked at the book cover and observed it for a few seconds.
Curious Remy glanced over at Jeremie. Seeing he just picked up a enormous book. "W- whats that ? Doesn't look like a funny book ..." He came closer so he could look over his shoulder.
Cari stared at Jeremy. "What the..."
'This book has no title...' He flipped through the pages 'All blank...' He then noticed something. Something that troubled him a lot. 'Guys... the stuff I just read... disappeared...' He stared at the page in pure shock. His heart skipped a beat. 'It's... probably some prank... of course...' He slowly put the book on the table and stared at it with wide open eyes.
Remy stand next to Jeremy biting is lip softley. "You sure ...?" He streched out his arm to touch the book and flip the pages. 'Why would it be blank ?"
Cari frowned. "Some kind of magic book? Remy, could you pass it here?"
He stood up and started walking around the table nervously, sticking his thumb in his mouth and lightly biting the skin. 'What bothers me is... the spell written on the first page... How come it disappeared right after I read it?' He looked suspiciously at the book.
Shaking a little Remy hand over the book to Cari. Turning his face to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 58.520973
Retrieved Text: Chapter 94 - ГЛАВА 94.
Сент-Джеймсский парк - это зеленый островок в самом центре Лондона, расположенный неподалеку от Вестминстерского и Букингемского дворцов. Теперь он открыт для всех желающих, но некогда король Генрих VIII обнес парк изгородью и развел там оленей, на которых охотился вместе с придворными. В теплые солнечные дни лондонцы устраивают пикники прямо под раскидистыми ивами и кормят пеликанов, обитающих в пруду. Кстати, дальние предки этих пеликанов некогда были подарены Карлу II русским послом.
The Teacher saw no pelicans today. The stormy weather had brought instead seagulls from the ocean. The lawns were covered with them-hundreds of white bodies all facing the same direction, patiently riding out the damp wind. Despite the morning fog, the park afforded splendid views of the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. Gazing across the sloping lawns, past the duck pond and the delicate silhouettes of the weeping willows, the Teacher could see the spires of the building that housed the knight's tomb-the real reason he had told Remy to come to this spot.
As the Teacher approached the front passenger door of the parked limousine, Remy leaned across and opened the door. The Teacher paused outside, taking a pull from the flask of cognac he was carrying. Then, dabbing his mouth, he slid in beside Remy and closed the door.
Remy held up the keystone like a trophy.
- Ты прекрасно справился, - сказал Учитель.
"We have done well," Remy replied, laying the keystone in the Teacher's eager hands.
- Мы справились вместе! - поправил его Реми. И передал камень Учителю.
The Teacher admired it a long

########
Rank: 21
Score: 58.476467
Retrieved Text: http://www.yandaonline.com/servlet/the-Clip-In-Human-Hair-Extensions/Categories free shipping! register. Online Shopping Hair Extensions, Browse Through Our Directory of Clip Hair. & Wigs and more from Aliexpress.com, Factory Price, . Jun 27, 2014 - 5 tips for find the that are right for you! Not all extensions are created equal! Tips from the pros! The most natural & thick clip extensions on the market! Get your own beautiful. Buy your own set of clip hair extensions today! Thick long hair . 100% Remy Human Clip-In Extensions - 100% Virgin Tape-In - Professional Styling Tools - Fast worldwide shipping from USA, . Luxurious, super thick clip extensions made from 100% natural remy human Worldwide shipping & free storage bag with every order! Available 30 . 121 ITEMS - Wigsbuy offers best quality but cheap clip hair different colors, length & styles. Getting new look with the help of extensions . Bellami Hair Styling Products - BELLAMI Clip-In 100% Human Remy Hair.
Bellami Styling Products Available Now! Buy cheap 15, 16, 18, 20, 22, 24 or 26 inch remy clip straight and wavy real human ombre styles, 7, 8, 9, 10 pcs and free worldwide shipping . Hairdo clip-in extensions and pieces can be put and taken out a. Where to Buy · Hairdo Behind the Scenes · How-to Video Gallery · Meet Kristina . Many women know that hair extensions can enhance their many different ways, but many also believe that they must go to salons order to get . Clip-in extensions are the easiest and safest way to add length, volume, or color

########
Rank: 22
Score: 58.386818
Retrieved Text: Summary: The past defines us. The past is who we are. If no one knows your past do they really know you?
Spencer moved towards his front door, happy to be home. He’d been gone for two weeks. Two back to back cases without a night a home had run him ragged. His go bag was slung over his shoulder with his messenger bag over the other. He was tired and wanted to sleep for two days. He hadn’t heard from Remy and figured he was home but he couldn’t be sure. He stopped when he saw that the door was slightly ajar. He dropped his two bags to the floor silently and pulled his gun. He checked the safety and started forward. The ding of the elevator had him stopping and turning. Morgan was standing there with his phone in his hand. His eyes were wide at the sight of Spencer standing there with his gun drawn. Morgan pocketed the phone quickly and drew his own gun.
“What do we have?” Morgan asked in a whisper as he approached Spencer.
It took no time at all to clear the flat. There was no one there and the only signs that someone had been there was the utter disaster that was the bedroom and food plates in the kitchen.
“Oatmeal with blueberries, coffee, and bacon,” Spencer said as his heart twisted. There was only one reason that Remy hadn’t cleaned up after himself. He sighed. He wished that Morgan wasn’t there. It would have been easier to take care of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 58.31128
Retrieved Text: Remy clip in hair extensions remy human hair extensions uk,Items 1 – 12 of 31 remy or remi hair is beautifully soft and shiny and will last much longer than standard european hair extensions,Remy hair extensions real human hair extensions uk,Welcome to hairxtensions co uk, we are uk based hair extension distributor which provides a wide collection of remy hair extensions, hair wefts and clip in sets,Lush hair extensions uk remy human hair extensions,Lush hair extensions uk: human hair extensions wavy clip in hair extensions that offer celebrity worthy hairstyles and all sourced from ethical suppliers.
Beauty works: award-winning human hair extensions hair,Award-winning human hair extensions by beauty works and clip in hair extensions, pre-bonded, weft and tape in hair extensions uk europe store,Remy hair extensions uk remi human hair clip in hairtrade,Products 1 – 9 of 9 discover high quality remy hair extensions online today from us search our collection of remi human hair weaves available in a range of,Secret hair extensions: remy hair extensions hair extensions uk,Secret hair extensions uk, luxury remy hair extensions, quality guarantee clip in hair extensions, tape in hair extensions, pre bonded hair, nano hair,Amazon co uk hair extensions,Online shopping for hair extensions from a great selection at beauty store 16 double weft clip in human hair extensions real remy hair full head 8.
Buy hair extensions ebay,100% real remy human hair extensions full head clip in best weft highlight uk l uk stock,18 20 22 black brown blonde diy curl,By cliphair: clip in human hair extensions,100% remy human hair extensions 10

########
Rank: 24
Score: 58.134514
Retrieved Text: When looking to invest in human hair extensions, many women will start to research, intending to find the best option available for them. However, there is a lot of information out there on hair extensions and this is where it can become confusing to decide what exactly to buy. Someone may read or hear about the term “Remy hair”, but not be familiar with what it actually means, or may wonder what the hype about it really is. Being well-informed about Remy hair can make a significant difference in your life, such as helping you to not be lured into purchasing short-lived hair extensions.
High quality human hair is being imported from several Asian countries, especially from India and China. Indian hair extensions are the most favored by hair-stylists, celebrities and common people alike, due to the natural qualities of Indian hair’s texture, flexibility, and look. In the hair industry, the extensions made of human hair are classified in two main categories: Remy hair and non-Remy hair. So, let’s have a look at what this means.
“Remy” is real human hair (not synthetic) that distinguishes itself from any other type of donated hair through the method it is collected, processed and its qualities.
The way Remy hair is manufactured is different than the rest, because it is cut, through the pony-tail technique, directly from the scalp level, therefore coming off in its full length. It is important for it to be shaved in this manner, since this is how the hair follicles are all flowing in the same direction,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 57.904587
Retrieved Text: Remy Ma and Papoose's relationship has been through much more than most people's, but apparently it glows as brightly now as it ever has. Today (Dec.17) marks the one-year anniversay of the day she and Pap remarried, and to commemorate it, Remy posted photo of the wedding ceremonies and a heartfelt message to her husband.
In the thoughtful post, the "All the Way Up" performer described the wedding as "the most beautiful day imaginable" and her husband Papoose as her "best friend," "lover" and "protector." Remy and Pap originally married back in March 2008, but because of Remy's jail sentence, the couple had to tie the knot while she was still behind bars. A year ago today, they finally had the idyllic wedding almost every couple wants, and on her anniversary, Remy is wearing her wedding dress all day.
Remy's post comes a little over a week after it was revealed that "All the Way Up"--a song featuring herself, Fat Joe, French Montana and Infrared--had been nominated for two Grammy Awards. XXL caught up with Remy to hear what she had to say about the two nominations.
Remy has a lot to be happy for today and going forward, and we wish her the best of luck at the Grammys in February.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 57.684742
Retrieved Text: Memes, The Interview, and Fictional: Ebro Addresses Nicki Minaj Rumor On Hot 97: "I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Woman" @balleralert Ebro Addresses Nicki Minaj Rumor On Hot 97: "I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Woman" -blogged by @BenitaShae ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Since RemyMa dropped her NickiMinaj diss track " ShETHER" everyone is wondering what's fiction and what's fact. Remy Ma insinuated that Hot97 radio personality EbroDarden once hooked up with Nicki and Ebro has finally set the record straight. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ On Sunday morning, Ebro took to Twitter to address Remy's line and claimed she was lying about him sleeping with Nicki. And on Monday morning, Ebro told his side, in detail, on-air during his Hot 97 radio show "Ebro in the Morning" with Peter Rosenberg. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Rosenberg cut to the chase and asked if the allegations were true or false. "I did not have sexual relations with that woman in any way, shape, or for." Ebro said. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Ebro explained his friendship with Nicki. He said he met her years ago through DJKaySlay and they kicked it "several times" over the years but they have never been intimate. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ "I’ve never been alone with Nicki Minaj," Ebro said. "Ever. At a bar or with her friends or management. It was always work." ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Ebro also explained why he chose to respond to Remy via Twitter. "I knew that it would make Nicki feel better," he said. "I knew that it would make me feel better. It would

########
Rank: 27
Score: 57.428867
Retrieved Text: 2. ...and afterward, he makes sure to walk upright instead of on all fours to keep his two front paws clean.
3. At one point, the food critic Anton Ego states, "I don’t 'like' food, I love it. If I don’t love it, I don’t swallow" — this is especially prescient because he's a little fuller in the face at the end of the movie than he was at the beginning, which suggests the food has improved!
5. ...and an office that resembles a coffin.
6. When Anton tastes Remy and Linguini's ratatouille, he's transported back to his childhood and reminded of his mother's cooking. There's a pretty convincing fan theory that Remy grew up in Anton's mother's house and, therefore, learned to cook by watching Anton's mother.
7. This one's easy to miss, but Colette has an oven rack burn on her forearm — a common injury among professional chefs.
8. And Linguini has a bite mark on his hand from where Remy bit him earlier on.
9. When Linguini offers to hide Remy in his pants before work, Linguini is wearing underpants adorned with Incredibles logos.
10. And Bomb Voyage from The Incredibles makes a very brief appearance in the background of a scene.
11. When Remy explores the apartment building, he sees a woman pointing a gun at a man. A moment later, they end up kissing. Later on, when Colette is about to mace Linguini, Remy makes him go in for a kiss.
12. In the same scene, Remy is chased off by a dog that looks suspiciously like Dug from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 57.36962
Retrieved Text: Remy quotes Khaled in celebrating her “All the Way Up” noms.
Remy Ma and Fat Joe's "All The Way Up" is up for the Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance Grammys, after the 2017 nominations were announced today. Tonight, Remy took to Instagram to celebrate in a heartfelt note to fans and supporters.
"I've been thru a lot," starts the note, "Nevertheless, I've also been blessed- a lot." She goes on to thank Joe and her husband Papoose, along with her #RemyMafia base, also noting that she's the lone female rapper nominated for an award this year.
The note also included a message to doubters inspired by noted motivational speaker and author DJ Khaled: "This news this morning was just another reminder of how u can never listen to "they," she writes, "THEY said so many negative things not even worthy of being mentioned but THEY were wrong." For emphasis, there's one of these guys too: 😏 Read the full post below.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 57.36078
Retrieved Text: We were able to go to the Frampton reunion this year. The first day we spent at Jordanelle, we played on the little beach, rode in the boat and played with all the cousins. We had a great time, but we sure missed Travis, Grandma Lil, Grandpa Lindz, and Uncle Parley.
Uncle Brady and Aunt Alley were nice enough to ride the tube with Hudson. I wanted a picture with Remy on the tube, he was not happy at all.
Here is Remy really upset and concerned for his brother who was enjoying his tube ride.
Hudson and Jessie enjoying some graham crackers, they had so much fun and played really well together.
Sally and I, It was so fun to visit with all my cousins, Grandparents, and Aunts and Uncles. We sure miss getting together with all the family!
My cousin Jessica and her Hubby Mert were kind enough to give all the kids a ride or two in their boat. Hudson loved it, he even jumped in the freezing cold lake and swam around.
The second day we had lunch at Grandma Ber's and Grandpa Fud's, swam in the pool and went home exausted . I forgot to mention that Hudson got stung by a bee and was so upset. He was in the pool and grabbed onto a noodle that had a bee on it. He started screaming, I pulled him out and handed Remy of to someone. As I was mixing so baking soda with some water to put on him he said between screaming and crying,"It's going

================



======= Instance Index 28714 =========
Input Text: Context: Sasha was Addison's new friend and Addison hoped that Sasha would get to know their family so Addison invited Sasha over and Sasha ended up playing catch with Addison's dad.

Question: How would Addison feel as a result?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: would be dissatisfied

B: would be sad

C: pleased

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 66.41249
Retrieved Text: In yesterday's outfit post, I gushed about the incredible pair of ankle boots I was wearing. And today, I'm absolutely thrilled to be offering you the chance to win a pair of your very own! Called the Madison Boots, they're made by one of my new favorite companies, a footwear and leather goods line called Trask. Inspired by the independent spirit of the great American west, Trask provides beautifully crafted shoes, boots, sandals, and accessories for women and men who appreciate artisanal quality and timeless style. This season the women's collection offers stylish riding boots, booties and flats that strike the perfect balance between form and function. I'm being completely serious when I tell you guys that I'm in awe of the craftsmanship of these boots. They feature soft, burnished leather that is zipped up and topped off with a beautiful buckled harness strap. And their chunky, lightly distressed heel gives off a 70s bohemian vibe that I adore. They're crazy comfortable too - and for someone who rarely wears even the slightest heel anymore, that's saying a lot. The attention to detail that these shoes were clearly given is evident, and I couldn't be happier to be teaming up with Trask to give away a pair to one of you.
REILY BACKPACK is my absolute favorite.
The Madison boots in black are fabulous!
The Madison boots in black are my favorite!
Madison in tan are my choice.
I like the Lexie boots.
The addison boot is my fave or layla shearling... I love them all to be truthful!
I love the madison

########
Rank: 1
Score: 64.86299
Retrieved Text: Sasha couldn't tell if people liked her or not. She didn't know what they meant when they spoke to her. At school, a pet could say, "I like your shoes," and Sasha could take it the completely wrong way. What if they were just saying that to be funny? What if they really thought her shoes were ugly?
All of the pets at school hated her. She was sure of it. They all discriminated against her, made fun of her, laughed at her... Sasha felt like a bug whenever she went to school. She felt like a big bug. She wished she could just disappear. Maybe someone would step on her one day and she could go away.
Was there a better place out there in the world? Where nobody made fun of you just because you were different? Just because you had a problem?
She had to stay here. In Mystery Island. With Katrina. And she had to go to the dumb school she hated.
The only good thing about school was that Amelia was there. Amelia always cheered Sasha up when she was feeling down. She always talked to her. Even though she never really did anything specifically nice, she gave Sasha someone to be with. Maybe friend wasn't the best word to describe Amelia. Maybe acquaintance was better.
The other day, Amelia told Sasha that she needed more money. So naturally, Sasha went into Katrina's closet and found where she had hidden her Neopoints after Sasha had taken them before. This time she wouldn't empty the whole bag,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 63.138435
Retrieved Text: MANCHESTER � Three women testified on Wednesday they heard Michael Addison threaten to use violence if he encountered the police, which the state is trying to show proves Addison deliberately shot and killed Manchester police officer Michael Briggs.
Ruth Schulz, who lived with one of Addison's girlfriends, said she and Addison were doing drugs together in her kitchen one night in August 2006. They were talking about her past experiences with the police.
Schulz told the court she was convicted of felony drug charges and had not used drugs for 10 years before that night.
The prosecution asked what Addison said he would do if he ever had an altercation with police.
"I don't remember word for word. (He said) They wouldn't take him alive," said Schulz. "That it would be a shootout."
Schulz admitted she didn't tell police after Briggs was shot about what Addison had said until later because she was embarrassed about using drugs.
On cross-examination the defense pushed the issue, but Schulz said she didn't want to get into it with police at the time.
"You know and I know that a police officer would say, 'What started that conversation,'" said Schulz. "I was ashamed of what I did so I left out that whole scenario. I mean we were sitting around sniffing cocaine. ... That's the feeling that I had, very disgusted with myself."
One of Addison's girlfriend's, Angela Swist, testified on Wednesday she was hanging out with Addison, his friend Antoine Bell-Rogers and others in her apartment when they started talking about what they would do if the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 60.24613
Retrieved Text: We take a look at Sasha and Bayley with a new therapist. Bayley says she has always been Sasha’s friend and she would not let things get between them. Sasha constantly tries to stab her in the back and she knows that Sasha will never change because she only cares about Sasha Banks.
We are back with more from Sasha Banks and Bayley during the counseling session.
We are back with more counseling between Sasha Banks and Bayley. Next week, we will find out the results of the counseling.
We see what happened when people who have issues and are not sent to counseling with a look back at the opening segment between Roman Reigns and Bobby Lashley.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 59.858803
Retrieved Text: Over the years, you could say that pit bulls were unfairly named badly because of their alleged association with aggression.
So we have one thing to say about this: There is no such thing as a 'dangerous race'. If a dog acts aggressively, there is usually a reason for this, and often the reason is its owner who didn't educate and raised it properly.
Of course, you should always behave logically and sensitively next to dogs you don't know. We don't say it's okay to pet every dog ​​you see and meet, because some of them don't like or are afraid of strangers. If you want to pet a dog you see on the street, always ask its owner first if it's okay.
And while it makes sense to be careful with dogs you don't know, never forget how brave and unselfish they can be in certain situations. An 8-month-old pitbull named Sasha has recently become a heroine after doing something that will not be forgotten for a long time.
When a fire broke out in Latana Chai's house, Sasha immediately acted with pure instinct.
The dog was outside when the fire broke out - around midnight - but immediately began to bark and scratch the door to warn her owner. Latana said, "I thought to myself, 'God, what are you doing?'".
"When I let her in, she immediately ran in and started to bark like mad, I thought it was strange, she never did it".
When the fire spread, Latana ran to her 7-month-old daughter, Masailah, but Sasha was already there: "She

########
Rank: 5
Score: 59.79764
Retrieved Text: Sasha and Natarani Witten-Hannah have been performing for the last 15 years as The Heartstrings Duo – Cello and Classical Guitar.
They play in a wide range of styles including Classical, Latin, Spanish, Celtic fiddling music, 1920’s swing and instrumental arrangements of popular songs by request.
We are happy to perform indoors or out doors and have a fine sound system that can run from battery power.
Couples are invited to visit Heartstrings at their home to choose music for the wedding ceremony.
Thank you for your absolutely stunning performance at our wedding, it was everything that we had hoped for and more. Everyone loved it!
Thanks so much Natarani and Sasha for your wonderful contribution to the enjoyment and success of my 60th birthday last Saturday.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 59.147488
Retrieved Text: DS chats to Hollyoaks actress Nathalie Emmanuel about her character's relationship with Warren Fox.
After fighting her way from the darkest depths of drug addiction, Hollyoaks' Sasha Valentine - played by 20-year-old Nathalie Emmanuel - now seems to have her life back on track. Since the beginning of the year, Sasha's eyes have been firmly focused on the village's resident bad boy Warren Fox (Jamie Lomas), and while wooing him she's forged a strong bond with his foster brother, Spencer (Darren Langford). Now with her ideal man within metaphorical reaching distance, Sasha ups her game over the next couple of weeks to the point where Warren can resist no longer. We chat to Nathalie to find out more.
What do you think attracts Sasha to Warren?
"I think that Sasha going for an older boyfriend helps her in her mission to feel more grown up. Also, what girl doesn't like a bad boy? Warren fits both requirements and she sees him as a challenge, too. Apart from that, she has quite an addictive personality, so when sets her eyes on someone or something, she'll go to any length to get it."
Even though she's 18, do you think Sasha's still quite immature?
"Yeah, she's very immature. I think it comes down to her general lack of judgement! Everyone's telling her how Warren's bad news and he even broke her brother Calvin's heart when he got with Louise, but she's still blinded by him."
She's been teasing Warren for weeks now. Why hasn't she made a move?
"As much as she acts confident around

########
Rank: 7
Score: 58.22784
Retrieved Text: Amanda and her roommates wanted to share their 4th floor Manhattan walk-up with a rescue dog. Sasha seemed sweet and ready for a young family, but within days Sasha was diagnosed with severe pneumonia requiring a lengthy hospitalization.
Happy to reclaim their now healthy dog, they quickly discovered that a healthy Sasha was a sometimes nasty Sasha. Complicating the situation was her profound deafness that made her nearly unmanageable. Now, more than a year after completing a behavior therapy program, Sasha is as well adjusted as any proud New Yorker.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 57.932346
Retrieved Text: Keys, phone, wallet, sense of impending doom.
w00t! Paid by the Tear fill-in! Welcome back, Sasha!
hello my friend! and my other friends!
Hey, Sahsa. Thanks for assuming the role of Gaylord Fields tonight.
Good evening y'all! Nice to see some familiar faces and warm greetings to new ones!
@listener James I found the podcast you mentioned during Sheila's show (You Must Remember This) and before I found the episode you had referred to, I came upon the series about Charles Manson's Hollywood and got hooked! Great podcast.
Hello Sasha! Cheers James,Tom,Gordon,Melinda,Ken, all y'all!
oh this bassline is instantly familiar. but why?
pretty sure it's a sample but i'm not sure where from!
OOoh that could be. And would explain my gravitation toward it!
Melinda, just looked up that podcast. Glad you re-mentioned.
@melinda, geezerette, I've been happily working my way thru You Must Remember This. Just listened to the Mia Farrow one a couple weeks back, just in time to realize I was hearing Dory Previn's diss track vs. Mia during Sheila's show yesterday.
Love the WFMU website! I would love to get this set up at WOBC!
Oh, hello! What a nice fill-in treat!
Yes our archives are a mess right now!
How is the station otherwise? I wish I could have visited for the reunion!
Heya Sasha and fill-in listeners.
very nice Sasha ! I'm a diggin' it whole lot !
Loving the program. Can we get ya on here permanently?!
Dig all your background tracks, but this second one is my fave. Feels like a last dance in a smoky honkytonk as dawn creeps through the front window.
L James,it did. Perfect

########
Rank: 9
Score: 57.838474
Retrieved Text: A very warm welcome to our first newsletter for the Second Sasha Celebration.
May 2015 saw the first Celebration weekend, envisioned and organised by Janet Myhill-Dabbs. It allowed just over 30 of us to get to know each other, look at each other’s’ dolls, view the display of Janet’s Studio Doll Project, learn new skills in workshops and exchange ideas, hints and tips. It was so successful that Janet has agreed to run it again next year – and there are over 40 of us attending. Janet was supported by Theresa and Tricia as hostesses for our first Sasha Celebration Weekend and they are delighted to resume their roles.
The hotel is set in beautiful, extensive grounds, which you are free to explore, and there is also an indoor pool and spa available for guests, if you can tear yourself away from Sasha’s! If you would like to view the hotel’s website, go to http://www.eastwoodhallhotel.co.uk.
Theresa O’Neill restores Sasha’s and makes lovely outfits and accessories. She is going to help us make masks for our Sasha’s along with a few other goodies.
Jane Woodward and Emma Flood are also working on workshop ideas.
Raffle: There will be two top prizes: a very special doll donated and dressed by Rosie Shortell and a customised doll clothed by Janet Myhill-Dabbs.
We would be delighted to accept Sasha-related donations for other prizes – please send them to us in advance, or bring them to the event (but send us a photo so we can ‘tantalise’ people).
Last year our donors were extremely generous and it meant

########
Rank: 10
Score: 57.828423
Retrieved Text: What are Sasha Dolls? Souvenir Outfits From Sasha Festivals, all the souvenir outfits Self-Help Care for Sasha Dolls offers how-to-do-it advice and tips on the care and preservation of your Sasha. Photographs and text at this website are copyrighted. She wears Dating sasha dolls farm pants, white blouse, duffle coat and sandals, and the Sasha tag on her right wrist. She is one of the first serie dolls of The dolls are grouped year by year, with their names and style numbers, in photos you can print.
Sasha dolls were created by the late Sasha Morgenthaler -a Swiss artist and artisan. She was also a humanitarian and a keen observer of all the world's children. Her vision was to create dolls that represented and reflected the spirit of children of all races and cultures during their age of innocence.
Beginning in the s until her death inSasha created one-of-a-kind 20" cloth, gypsum, and plastic dolls in her Dating sasha dolls.
She travelled the world extensively, Dating sasha dolls children of all racial, cultural, and economic groups to portray in her dolls. These dolls are considered museum-quality works of art, created by an artist who turned to doll-making to portray her vision.
During her lifetime, Sasha's dolls were sold from her studio and through the Heimatwerk shops in Switzerland. But the dolls Sasha created for children to play with, were too expensive for most families. Her Dating sasha dolls was to make an inexpensive play doll that would have universal appeal for all children.
Her dream came true in the mid s

########
Rank: 11
Score: 57.71348
Retrieved Text: The eight-week-old Labrador pup was reunited with her grateful family but cops still have no leads on the other stolen goods.
On Monday, an Australian family was devastated to find that their home in Melbourne had been broken into. Among the things stolen were jewellery and electronics, including a laptop and an iPad. But what upset the family most was the fact that their eight-week-old Labrador pup Sasha was also taken. Days after an emotional appeal to get the puppy back made headlines in Australia, Sasha mysteriously reappeared - returned presumably by the same thieves who had taken her.
The family told local media they were "devastated" at the loss of their four-year-old daughter's "best friend." They even appeared on local television, appealing for information to track the stolen dog down.
"We're not worried about the material things, we just want the puppy back," Ryan Hood said.
Then, on Thursday, a happy surprise as the adorable pup was spotted in their backyard.
"We think that whoever took her either has a conscience or got scared and just dropped her over the fence ... we don't care to be honest, we're just glad to have her back," Mr Hood told Channel Nine.
Victoria Police said Sasha was "overwhelmed with love and play time" when she was finally united with her tiny human.
Victoria Police stated in a press release that while the family was "rejoicing" after Sasha's return, the investigation into the burglary would remain open till the other stolen items were tracked down.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 57.54987
Retrieved Text: While Maroon 5's Sacramento performance was a sugar-sweet night for all, the band made sure to make it an extra memorable experience for a special fan in attendance.
Ten-year-old Addison Crory was diagnosed with leukemia earlier this year. While the Roseville native spends many days as a patient, she got to enjoy Saturday night as a normal kid.
After catching the attention of an ambulance company on social media, Addison was given tickets for her and a few friends to see Maroon 5 right here at Golden 1 Center. She decided to invite her friend Melanie, a 13-year-old battling kidney cancer and receiving treatment at the same hospital as Addison. "She deserves to have fun too," Addison told Fox40.
On the night before the show, Brandy Salazar, a family friend of the Crory's, began sharing videos on social media, in attempt to make the little girls' night even more special.
Overnight, magic happened. Addison and her friends were going to meet Adam Levine.
The excitement didn't stop there. As the show neared its end, Adam made sure to dedicate his breakout ballad "She Will Be Loved" to his new friend, Addison.
.@adamlevine dedicated ‘She Will Be Loved’ to Addison at Saturday’s @maroon5 concert at the @Golden1Center.
Addison's mother, Chris Crory, explained to Fox40 that her daughter has had "such a hard time," but Saturday, as she awaited to see Adam, "she was so excited and full of life."
“At the worst, most horrible, hard, difficult time of our life," she continued, "to have something like this happen and people we don't even know come

########
Rank: 13
Score: 57.4986
Retrieved Text: Sasha Obama has a new summer job! The daughter of the POTUS and the FLOTUS will be working on Martha’s Vineyard, a favorite vacation spot of the Obama family. The 15-year-old is taking orders at Nancy’s, one of the most popular eateries on the island. According to the Boston Herald, Sasha is working at the takeout window of the restaurant, known to be her dad’s favorite place to chow down on MV.
“Sasha, who’s using her full name, Natasha, at Nancy’s, has been learning the service industry ropes at the Oak Bluffs eatery this week, working a cash register, busing tables, and doing prep work before the restaurant opens for lunch,” reports the Boston Herald.
Sasha Obama hasn’t been living a “normal” life, though it may appear so. While she’s working hard just like other kids her age (and at a restaurant, not some fancy job set up by her wealthy parents, no less), she is surrounded by Secret Service. During her shift on Wednesday, Sasha Obama was accompanied by six agents, most of whom managed to stay out of the way in a nearby blacked out Suburban. At least one security guard was spotted sitting on a bench right near the takeout window, however.
After Sasha Obama finished her shift, she brought out a tray of drinks for the people who vowed to keep her safe all day. She then jumped in the SUV and headed out. While the teenager is still learning the ropes (one patron said he had to tell Sasha his order four times), her

########
Rank: 14
Score: 57.3658
Retrieved Text: In 1939, 12-year-old Sasha, inspired by the words of her father, the celebrated journalist Louis Jullian, feels she must find a way to stand up to Nazi terror, in the shadow of a world at war. Hitlers blitzkrieg results in the surrender of France and Sasha and her family flee Parislearning first hand the brutality of warand how acts of resistance, no matter how small, can make a difference. In their occupied country, fraternising with the enemy is frowned on, but necessary. It only gets more complicated when she meets Dieter, a member of the Hitler Youth and the son of her fathers best friend. How can Sasha know who to trust when the enemy becomes a friend?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 57.30596
Retrieved Text: General Hospital spoilers indicate Michael Corinthos (Chad Duell) and Sasha Gilmore (Sofia Mattsson) soon get closer. Luckily, she didn’t scare Michael away when she ran off the other day. In fact, her hasty exit probably intrigued him even more. However, it’s all fun and games until its time to meet the parents. Once Carly Corinthos gets a whiff of Sasha’s lies, the gig may be up on the ABC soap.
Recently on GH, spoilers put Sasha Gilmore to the test – DNA test that is. On a hunch, Maxie Jones (Kirsten Storms) ran the schemer’s DNA against Nina Reeves (Michelle Stafford). Maxie was checking if she’s really Nina’s daughter. However, it totally backfired when Nina’s fiancé, Valentin Cassadine (James Patrick Stuart) rigged the test in their favor. So for now, Valentin and his co-conspirator are in the clear.
Now, Sasha can breathe easier around her possible love interest, Michael Corinthos. The last time that these two were together, Sasha bolted after they confessed to liking each other. At the time, Sasha was afraid that the DNA test would expose her as a fraud. Now that’s out of the way and there is nothing standing between her and a new love, hint General Hospital spoilers.
Sasha wants Peter to drop his and Maxie's investigation, West Coast. Does wanting Nina to be happy complicate things?
Coming soon on General Hospital, spoilers predict Michael Corinthos may get another shot at love. Hopefully, this one will live long enough to love Michael back. So far, every woman Michael chooses lies, dies or gets locked

########
Rank: 16
Score: 57.14679
Retrieved Text: Sasha Petrosevitch (Steven Seagal) is a thief that steals cars, and although his friend Nicolas 'Nick' Frazier (Ja Rule) has vouched for him to his superiors, they are still wary of his origin, especially since there has been some questionable arrests within recent times. Unprepared to be questioned, Sasha still manages to beat the portable lie detector test that is administered to him by Nick. He is finally accepted as a member of the family, and plans are made to use him for the next upcoming event. As they make plans to do the deal, the FBI broaches the scene and a gunfight ensues, causing Sasha to end up getting shot.
The resulting effects of the chaotic night cause both Nick and Sasha to end up in the”new” Alcatraz. Considered as one of the most high tech and advanced prisons in the system, Alcatraz has some of the latest toys available to the penal system.
The new state of the art death chamber is the cause of much contention, and the fact that a prisoner charged for the theft of over $200 million worth of gold briskets is the first to experience this new technology, will eventually introduce a breed of outsiders that neither Nick nor Sasha are expecting.
With the first inmate ready to be put to death on the new Alcatraz, the news reports and the politicians are showing up in their numbers, in fact, so is the judge who condemned Lester McKenna (Bruce Weitz) to his historic death.
As the hour of execution approaches, an outside group

########
Rank: 17
Score: 57.03089
Retrieved Text: In 2008, award-winning director & choreographer, Marlo Hunter’s site-specific theater company, was leading a new wave of immersive projects in New York City theater. Combining her two passions, developing new plays and experiencing great food, Marlo partnered with notable playwrights and chefs throughout New York City to produce one-night-only events, inviting foodie and theater-loving audiences alike to exquisite three-course meals matched with three great plays. After two years of producing these events, working with Pulitzer, Tony and James Beard award-winning playwrights, actors, and chefs, Marlo dreamed of expanding her vision from a one-night-only event into a full production.
Upon meeting Marlo, Sasha was struck by her talent, entrepreneurial spirit and keen artistic eye. They began to crack open the idea for an expanded version of Eating Their Words: what if the series of short plays could coalesce into one larger story with a connective arc? What if the theater were designed to operate as a restaurant, thereby building the conceit within a naturalistic framework? What if the audience was submerged within the play itself, dining on a tasting menu that serves as a muse for the stories unfolding around them? And lastly, a non-negotiable: what if, at the center of it all, there was a female chef?
And so it happened that in 2013, while Sasha was watching Top Chef, it dawned on her that Chef Carla Hall, her favorite contestant ever, would be the ideal match for this project. Nimble, savvy, collaborative, full of creativity, Carla was perfect. Serendipitously, two weeks later, Sasha met Carla on an

########
Rank: 18
Score: 57.013157
Retrieved Text: Need a prototype for a career makeover? Look no further than “The Boss,” Sasha Banks. Once seen as a cute and quiet member of NXT’s Divas division, Sasha has become boisterous, bold and unapologetic. Alongside Summer Rae and Charlotte, Sasha is a proud card-carrying member of the Beautiful Fierce Females (BFFs). This week, Sasha is riding solo as she steps into the ring for NXT 10-Count and answers questions fromyou, the NXT Universe.
NXT UNIVERSE: Who was your favorite male or female sports entertainer growing up?
SASHA: Eddie Guerrero. Eddie was just so captivating in the ring. He wasn’t the biggest, but you could see it in his eyes that he believed he was. CM Punk may call himself The Best in the World, but to me, Eddie is the best of all time.
NXT UNIVERSE: Since you’re a big “Sailor Moon” fan, which character is your favorite and why?
SASHA: Without a doubt, Serena Sailor Moon is my favorite. She makes mistakes, fails tests, almost always wakes up late and she’s addicted to sweets. Basically, she’s me in cartoon form. I like the fact that she has so much girl power that, when push comes to shove, she gets the job done. She’s the baddest scout of them all.
NXT UNIVERSE: What's your inspiration for the entrance wardrobe you wear?
SASHA: I just do me, though I do like what Beyoncé and Kanye bring to the table. I have my own custom designer who brings my visions to life. I have so many ideas for different outfits and luckily he’s good

########
Rank: 19
Score: 57.00348
Retrieved Text: Sasha couldn’t cope in school. As she got older, she couldn’t manage her condition and was in danger of being sidelined by society.
She’d taken medication for ADHD for as long as she could remember, but being diagnosed with ADHD was just the tip of the iceberg. Thinking that she was different from everyone else led to feelings of anxiety and she’d spent most of her life crippled by fear.
Not knowing what to do, she would hurt herself, her family and her peers.
Sasha’s behaviour was spiralling and her parents had no choice but to withdraw her from school and were at a loss for what to do. Her Local Authority found the answer – an Accompanied Work Placement with Fresh Start in Education.
A dedicated Work Place Mentor, who had experience working with students with similar challenges, was assigned to Sasha. They designed a bespoke programme of engagement and training sessions tailored to her needs.
Sasha’s experiences had led to low self-esteem and a lack of confidence. Her Work Place Mentor got to know Sasha and by providing the specialist support she needed, things improved rapidly. When Sasha was referred to Fresh Start in Education, she struggled with the simplest of daily activities. Her Work Place Mentor’s holistic approach to planning their sessions resulted in a huge increase in Sasha’s confidence.
The Accompanied Work Placement program has helped Sasha turn her interest in hair and beauty into paid employment with an apprenticeship at a local salon. The fact she took it upon herself to organise the apprenticeship speaks volumes. Sasha

########
Rank: 20
Score: 56.838013
Retrieved Text: Charlie felt very nervous talking about his twins from his adulteress relationship. He apologised again to Sasha for leaving her holding the kittens so to speak. Sasha told Charlie that she had loved them as if they were her own and although they both lived far away with their new partners they still sent messages to her now and again by the pigeon postal service.
Charlie looked at Sasha and could tell that she had lived a hard life and if it took him all of his last cat life he would look after and love her like he had promised to do when they married.
They felt the magnetism draw them closer until they could feel each other’s breath, Sasha noted that Charlie had eaten some garlic 😬 , he must have taken a liking to it whilst being away. Closer and closer they drew together then their mouths touched and they shared their first kiss together again.
Good for Charlie being honest and stepping up. And well done to Sasha for being able to see past all the hurt, that takes a lot. Maybe Charlie & Sasha can take a trip to see Kit Kat in the circus soon, let them know the good news that they’re reunited. Or send a paw-written letter. I bet the pigeon postal service is cheaper than Royal Mail, too.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 56.73399
Retrieved Text: Wednesday October 17, 2018: Sasha decides to stay in town, Lulu is warned about Peter, and Joss comes up with a plan to win back Oscar.
Spencer stops by Sonny’s and they share a hug. Joss walks in and is delighted to see Spencer. Sonny leaves them, and Spencer explains he wanted to see how she’s doing given her breakup. Joss admits she is stressed because it’s Oscar’s birthday and he’s probably out with his new girlfriend. Spencer tells Joss she is great and plenty of guys would love to date her, and perhaps Oscar needs to see that. Joss thanks him for the great idea and knows just how to get Oscar back. She’s going to use Cameron.
At the Metro Court bar, Nina vents to Maxie that Sasha stood her up for breakfast. Maxie tries to assure her that Sasha is likely just running late. Maxie receives a text and has to rush off. In the lobby, Valentin stops Sasha, who was on her way to the airport. He introduces himself and works to convince her to give Nina a chance. Maxie walks by and overhears his passionate plea to Sasha. Sasha decides to meet with Nina, and Nina apologizes for acting like a mess yesterday. Nina presents her with some photos of her other family members, including her half-sister Kiki. Sasha asks about her father. Nina explains Silas never knew about her, but he was a good man, who died a few years ago. Sasha decides to cancel her flight and stick around a few

########
Rank: 22
Score: 56.367916
Retrieved Text: " It went through all three layers of my derma, it is a scar," He doesnt move but slips on his shirt again, not looking at Sasha," I am mentally tense because of the story of the scar. Beleive me."
Sasha sighed softly. "I know what you mean. Just... try to relax." he stood and headed over to the cargo the horses were carrying, pulling out a thick blanket and sleeping bag. Laying them out, he looked at him. "Try."
"Then why didn't you act like a man and have Jayden fix it? Come here."
Stan blinks and shakes his head," We must keep going, my family... Please..."
"Listen, Stan. If you continue to be this depressed, it's not only going to be your mental health that's affected, but your physical health. Once your physical health goes, you're not going to be much of a help once we meet the city boundary. I'm going to need your help to keep an eye out for Walkers. You and I are travelling companions right now. Do you understand?" Sasha looked at him steadily, dark gaze narrowed. "I have a walkie talkie. I can try to connect with any stations in the country. I'm sure your family is smart enough by now to know what they need in order to get in contact with other survivors and take care of themselves. Tomorrow morning we'll get up at dawn and continue our travels until nightfall. That should get us halfway there. Now lay down and relax."
Stan blinks and follows him," What are you doing?"
"Pulling

########
Rank: 23
Score: 55.879124
Retrieved Text: Summary: Felix is taken to visit his daughter, Sasha — under supervision — by the Haitian and H.R.G., who is unaware of what's happening to his own daughter back home.
The air is crisp and cool off the water. The sun is setting over Lake Michigan, an explosion of colour from orange to pink and gradually becoming golden, dark as the waves lap against the white shore, dusted by snow. A small, idyllic log cabin overlooks the water. Snow covers its peaked roof. Other than those present inside, evidenced by chimney smoke and the black van in the driveway, there's no one around.
"So, to review, if the Haitian points toward the door, it's time to leave. No questions, you just go. You will be allowed to talk to your daughter, but I will be accompanying you the entire time. Make no mention of her mother unless she brings it up first… There is no sense in rubbing salt in the poor child's wounds." With that, Noah straightens out his suit coat and begins to move toward the cabin door, presuming that Felix knows how to get out of a car on his own.
"Understood," Felix says, curtly. He doesn't look precisely overjoyed, as he levers himself out of the car and follows after Noah. His eyelids are heavy and his lips very tight with restrained displeasure, but these are the rules that have to be followed. He has, incongruously enough, a stuffed lambie sticking out of his overcoat pocket. Presumably a present for her.
Another car door is shut,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 55.68135
Retrieved Text: Sasha Cohen is one of the world’s most distinguished figure skaters, a passionate philanthropist and a rising news / media professional. On her list of achievements is winning the 2006 U.S. Championship in St. Louis and a silver medal at the 2006 Olympic Winter Games in Turin, Italy. She is a member of the U.S. Figure Skating Hall of Fame.
Sasha has been featured in television, movies, and magazines including MTV Made, Hell’s Kitchen, Bratz: The Movie, CSI: New York, Inside Edition, Project Runway, V Magazine, and Vogue. Her autobiography “Fire On Ice: Autobiography of a Champion Figure Skater” was published by HarperCollins in 2005. Sasha currently works for CBS News 60 Minutes. Previously, she was the head of content at ZIG Media.
Sasha is passionate about helping others and giving back. In addition to being on the board of the Star Mountain Charitable Foundation, she has been actively involved with the Figure Skating in Harlem organization where she serves on the board, American Heart Association, Make-a-Wish Foundation, Ronald McDonald House and Orphaned Starfish. She has also been invited to speak at TEDx at Columbia University, Disneyland, Citizen Watch, Proctor & Gamble and Simply Saline.
Sasha holds a Bachelor of Political Science with great distinction from Columbia University. Sasha also attended Harvard Intensive Acting Program in summer 2007 during her break from competitive skating.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 55.66115
Retrieved Text: In the predawn hours of Thursday, July 27th, our little Sasha died. Tiny Sasha, scared and shy Sasha, big-brown-eyed Sasha, fluffy toy-sized Sasha. I've been unable to write about it—hence the hiatus in posts. This is the fifth attempt at a draft, and quite honestly I'm not sure if I'm going to finish this time, either. Yes, of course it was my fault—isn't it always?—but I don't think that's the reason I find this so hard. Or not all of the reason. Maybe it has to do with the impossibility of quantifying loss. In a weird way, paying tribute to her like this, by writing about her death, by "announcing" it, so to speak, so publicly, feels like a lie. There is no way that the huge ways her little self impacted our lives can be translated into words. No way that I can capture the joy she gave us, the bottomless pit her absence left behind... No way I can do any of it justice.
But I cannot write about this, either. That is where every previous draft has fallen short. Fallen flat. Fallen away from the intention I set out to achieve, without ever taking the trouble to define it, even to myself. Every word I write, that is not about Sasha, feels like I am moving away from her. Every word I have written, that is about Sasha, feels like I'm reducing her death into a lesson, something practical and mundane. Every word I write, about or not about Sasha, has felt like I'm

########
Rank: 26
Score: 55.660805
Retrieved Text: I'm so glad I finally got around to read this book. It's been sitting on my TBR forever and I'm so happy I'm tackling it now that I'm finally on vacation. I'll try not to spoil anything major I promise.
Jumping into the book, you're first introduced to the main character Erica and her friends who are going on a vacation abroad together but while all Erica's friends want to do is party and sunbathe, she wants to go see the sights and experience the temples of Cambodia. So she ends up venturing out on her own and that's when she meets Sasha. They share this connection right from the start and throughout the first day they get along so great they decide to keep travelling together. Sasha being well traveled shows her around and takes her to some of his favorite places. While they are on their journey they soon fall for each other, and even though it was super fast you can't help but like seeing them together being all cute. But Sasha has been hiding a secret all along, a secret that is a big part of who he is - being a Prince and King to be. This secret will hang over them throughout the entirety of the book, in various ways.
Even knowing his secret and not knowing if she could ever live the royal life and all the duties that come with it, neither Erica or Sasha want to part ways. They take on a long distance/secret relationship heads on, and somehow

########
Rank: 27
Score: 55.56224
Retrieved Text: Aleksandr Gavrilovich Abdulov was born and raised in the Uzbek city of Ferghana. There still remember their famous countryman and gladly tell interesting stories about his past.Classmates and teachers, of course, remember Sasha Abdulov. And not just because after high school he went to the capital and became a celebrity.Since childhood Abdulov was the ringleader and desperate as a yard boy. Suffered from inventive antics of Sasha and neighbors, writes "Komsomolskaya Pravda". The boys then put a homemade firecrackers under the wheels, we were all scared to death. Now this with a smile says a close friend Abdulov Rustam Madaliev."Yes, we have arranged our neighbors "massacre of St. Bartholomew," he says. - I really don't remember what Sasha was preparing these firecrackers. With experiments in chemistry he stole potassium chlorate. And from the theater often brought Sasha makeup. Will namagembe and go to scare our neighbors. Well, after a serious conversation with the parents".Smoking Abdulov started early, at the age of 13-14. "We have money for cigarettes was not," says a friend of the actor, Yes, and to buy something to be ashamed - maybe someone will see, will tell. We started Smoking with a king-bulls". On the second floor aunt Anna lived, she, along with Lyudmila make-up artist, worked at the theater. It will be released on the balcony to smoke, toss the roach. And we Karauli. The filter is covered in lipstick to get in, and okorochas in a circle let go".In childhood for yellowish complexion Abdulov called Sanya-office. They say he looked like

########
Rank: 28
Score: 55.460567
Retrieved Text: Sasha Savage lives in a family who all follow a strange tradition. They look like a normal family; Her shopaholic mother Angelica, rather strict father Titus, baby Katya, and rather nasty brother Ivan. But inside their house, away from prying eyes, they’re modern day cannibals! They don’t eat it all of the time, but human flesh is their favourite meat. When Sasha gets a new boyfriend though, the family discover that he is handsome, charming, and… a vegetarian. Sasha decides to try a month skipping meat from her diet, which, obviously, is a huge thing to keep a secret in a house of cannibals.
Whilst Sasha is swapping meat for tofu, a curious detective is getting his nose stuck where it shouldn’t be. Will he discover the secret cannibalism of the Savage family, and what lengths will he go to in order to find the truth?
This. Book. Was. AWESOME. I loved it so much, and read it in quite a short space of time. It was one of the books that really stood out to me at the Hot Key bloggers lunch the other week. It was really funny, most of the humor quite dark. An unmissable, unique family drama, with great and unpredictable plot twists. I loved how it was a normal drama, with teenage love, and rebellion, but with the twist of a cannibal family which really livens the story up.
I loved all of the characters, especially the Savages- the typical yet different family. I think my favourite character, after teenage Sasha, was Ivan. He

########
Rank: 29
Score: 55.39191
Retrieved Text: Canadian Thanksgiving is my second favourite holiday, after Christmas of course. Thanksgiving for me is a time to spend with family out of the city just relaxing. I always bring a huge stack of books with me as this is a time when The Bear and The Bee spend time with their grandparents and really have no use for my husband or I. This Thanksgiving I brought The Last Wish of Sasha Cade by Cheyanne Young and was totally enthralled. I escaped for an entire day to spend it with Raquel, Elijah, and Sasha. Given the subject matter it could have been really heavy, which I was prepared for. What I wasn’t prepared for was the humour and the hope to come out of Sasha’s story. Like any fantastic YA novel Cheyanne Young weaves magic throughout, allowing us the feel the devastation of losing a friend and the aftermath of such a loss as well as the love and the hopefulness such a friend leaves behind.
Sasha Cade is an amazing YA novel. There is heartbreak, profound loss, conflict, and love. I really connected with Raquel and recognized a lot of my high school self in that character. She is bookish and introverted and has incredibly strong ties to her friends. With Sasha gone she needs to rediscover who she is. She is no longer Raquel, Sasha’s friend, but Raquel, a person in her own right. Many of us have similar high school experiences, of being associated with others and it’s a really great thing. It means

================



======= Instance Index 16296 =========
Input Text: Context: Sydney and Kendall were arguing and Sydney pulled a knife. Sydney killed Kendall instantly when she used the knife.

Question: What will happen to Sydney?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: drop dead afterwards

B: go to jail

C: pass away afterwards

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 66.09807
Retrieved Text: After a face-off between Sydney and Sloane at a Swiss bank (see “A Free Agent”), Vaughn announces that Sydney needs to be allowed to leave with Sloane. Sydney and Sloane leaves while Vaughn and an explosives expert try to figure out how to prevent the C-4 in the bank from detonating. In Sydney’s car, Sloane reminds her that he warned her not to come after him. He tells her that what’s going on is bigger than anything that’s happened between them. Vaughn calls Marshall, who figures out how to shield the detonator. Vaughn tells Sydney that the bank is secure, which Sloane doesn’t know, and her car will soon be intercepted. Sark contacts Sloane and tells him that they’ve had a change in plans. In the car, Sydney tells Sloane that he’s on the CIA’s hit list, so if she kills him, she won’t be committing a crime. Sloane opens the door and, though Sydney think he’s preparing to jump, he’s actually getting ready to get into a van Sark has arrived in. Back at the CIA, Kendall tells Sydney that they don’t know where Sloane is and blasts her for not taking him out. She points out that he had hostages and she didn’t want to kill everyone in the bank. She adds that Sloane had the help of satellite surveillance and chastises Kendall for not strategizing enough to take advantage of that.
In Switzerland, Sark tells Sloane that Caplan is about a day away from getting everything ready for them. Sloane wants everything done faster

########
Rank: 1
Score: 64.085434
Retrieved Text: Sydney runs through an underground tunnel, shooting at Irina, who shoots back. Irina starts climbing a ladder but Sydney stops her, then shoots her. Aboveground, as a helicopter hovers nearby, Sydney kneels next to someone and Vaughn calls for a medic. Dixon looks upset and Sydney cries. Five days earlier, Sydney and Vaughn head to work, where Vaughn jokes about being removed from the agency because of what Yeager suspects him of (see “A Dark Turn”). After Vaughn leaves, Sydney tells Jack that Vaughn is innocent and was investigating Irina. Jack tells her that his and Irina’s mission in Panama didn’t exactly go as planned - she set the whole thing up so she could be extracted by Sloane. Sydney thinks that he could have abducted her, but Jack thinks it was planned because Irina has the real Rambaldi manuscript. Dixon later finds Sydney in Irina’s cell, where she has discovered the earrings Irina asked for in “Dead Drop.” He tells her that she can’t be blamed for trusting her own mother. Sydney responds that she wishes Irina had been killed in the car accident where she faked her death.
Irina, Sloane, and Sark fly somewhere together, planning to split up - Sloane will go to Tuscany to be with Emily and Irina and Sark will meet up with him in Surish. Sloane mentions that Emily misses Sydney; they thought of her as their own. Irina sends Sark away, then tells Sloane that she sees through him. She adds an order that he never talk to her

########
Rank: 2
Score: 64.057045
Retrieved Text: Eight students from Kendall Public School will compete at the state final of the Todd Woodbridge Cup in Sydney. The tournament is for year 3 and 4 primary school students, who play in a red ball hot shots competition, on mini courts and with modified equipment. Kendall Public School students took out the regional final at the Kempsey Tennis Club on Tuesday, September 4. Karangi Public School versed Kendall Public School in the final at Kempsey. Leading into the last four sets, students from Kendall Public School were down by four points. The team came back to win by over 15 points. The Todd Woodbridge Cup state finals are at the Sydney Tennis Centre on November 19. The Todd Woodbridge Cup for primary schools was also hosted by the Kendall Tennis Club on Friday, August 31. Kendall Tennis Club president Wendy Hudson said she was very proud of the Kendall Public School students, who are also members of the club. Wendy was told the students’ sportsmanship displayed at the event ‘was incredible’.
Bodhi Kennedy , Laith Mickklesson , Danielle Noar, Henry Andler, Ruby Stewart, Hayley Smith, Deegan Wallace and Lexi Heslop. Photo: supplied.
Eight students from Kendall Public School will compete at the state final of the Todd Woodbridge Cup in Sydney.
The tournament is for year 3 and 4 primary school students, who play in a red ball hot shots competition, on mini courts and with modified equipment.
Kendall Public School students took out the regional final at the Kempsey Tennis Club on Tuesday, September 4.
Karangi Public School versed

########
Rank: 3
Score: 62.110596
Retrieved Text: Wanda Lee (Kendall) Garbey was born in Sapulpa, Oklahoma June 14, 1926 to James Kendall and Edna (Romine) Kendall. She went to be with the Lord and to be reunited with loved ones in Heaven on October 29, 2018 at the age of 92.
Wanda married Sydney Garbey and the couple was blessed with 4 children. They shared more than 50 years before he passed away. She was a loving mother and grandmother. She would do anything for her family. Her family fondly remembers spending time in her home during the holidays. She made the very best fried potatoes and her grandchildren always asked her to make them when they were visiting. She loved working in her yard and tending her roses.
Wanda was preceded in death by her parents; husband Sydney Garbey; and children Dale, Danny and Pat. She is survived by her son Jerry Garbey and wife Denise; sister Lois; brothers Jimmy and Bob; and many grandchildren and other family members.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 59.473244
Retrieved Text: Kendall and Kylie Jenner are in Sydney and their social diary is FULL, guys.
In case you didn’t pick up the vibrations from their vocal fry, the youngest scions of the Kardashian/Jenner empire have reached Australian shores.
Kylie Jenner, 18, and her supermodel sister Kendall, 20, are in town to promote their new range of clothing with local fast fashion store Forever New.
They’ve only been here a day but they’ve already pissed off magazine editors, had eggs hurled at them and taken the requisite 7,000 Harbour Bridge selfies.
Kylie Jenner discovers the Sydney Harbour Bridge. Image via Instagram.
The first item on their Sydney schedule was to host a luncheon for local media at a Rose Bay eatery yesterday.
According to the Sydney Morning Herald, editors of glossy fashion mags such as Harper’s Bazaar, Elle and Marie Claire were instructed not to take pictures of the girls at table.
Said editors complied, begrudgingly, because they are very important too — but mostly because the girls were a no-show for more than 90 minutes.
Ain’t nobody got time for that, particularly not Jackie Frank, the editor of Marie Claire who is a notorious whirl of activity. She left the restaurant before the Jenner sisters deigned to arrive.
The closest she got to the mega-famous Jenners was a David Bromley portrait of the sisters smiling smugly from the wall.
When the girls did finally arrive by boat, it was totally worth it, because they made insightful remarks and proved themselves to be utterly charming and delightful company.
Like this opening gambit from Kendall: “I love Australia and we’ve

########
Rank: 5
Score: 56.20644
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner put on a glamorous display while attending the Tiffany & Co. 's new flagship store in Sydney. Kendall Jenner donned a feather bolero shiny blush pink dress. The flattering shiny blush pink dress comes with a satin material, bell sleeves, feather bolero and a halter neck. She finished her look with pointy white pumps.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.679893
Retrieved Text: Henry Kendall was born at Ulladulla on the 18th of April, 1839. His childhood was spent on the NSW mid-north coast, in the Illawarra region and Clarence River. When he was 15 he joined the crew of a whaling vessel with one of his uncles. After two years at sea he moved to Sydney where he began working as a clerk.
It was here he began to share his writing with others, including fellow poet Charles Harpur and editor Henry Parkes. They encouraged him to foster his talent and his work was published in several local Sydney publications, as well as a London-based magazine, the Athenaeum. His first book, entitled Poems and Songs was published in 1862. Kendall married Charlotte Rutter in 1868.
Full of optimism from his early success, he moved to Melbourne in 1869 hoping to make a living solely off his writing, but it was not to be. Struggling financially, fighting an alcohol addiction, poor health and mental illness, his life was not always a happy one. One of his most poignant poems is about his daughter Araluen who died at a young age, and we know that he lost his father when he was only 10.
Despite these hardships, his poems remain as a testament to his talent and his love of the bush. They are beautifully lyrical and descriptive of the Australian mountains and landscapes where he grew up. Kendall was one of Australia’s colonial poets and his book Leaves from Australian Forests [published 1869] “is regarded by many as the first really Australian

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.72427
Retrieved Text: Diana Moldovan, in an editorial I worked on for Man Repeller.
Rafa Consentino, shot on some steps in Sydney for Hansen & Gretel.
Kendall, shot for Tiffany & Co. flagship store launch in Sydney.
Portrait of my friend Valentina back in Sydney last week.
Shot with KAROLINA @ Priscillas Models.
Recent work produced for Rylan Studio, by Brooke Testoni.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 53.684
Retrieved Text: Pretty in pink! Kendall Jenner puts on a leggy display at Tiffany & Co. Sydney store launch. Kendall Jenner flaunted her trim pins in a quirky feathered minidress.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.376484
Retrieved Text: Violet Florence Rieck, 97, of Kendall passed away Monday, Jan. 14, 2019, at Greenfield House of Tomah.
Violet was born to Herman and Mary (Kordian) Rabehl on May 8, 1921, at home. She had one older brother, Norbert, and one younger brother, Robert. Violet was confirmed July 21, 1935, at St. John’s Lutheran Church of Kendall and graduated from Kendall High School in 1939.
On Dec. 28, 1940, she was married to William (Bill – Casey) Rieck. They farmed and raised their three children, Charles, Alan and Shirley, on the Rieck farm southwest of Kendall. Violet worked at ﻿Badger Ordnance with several other local people in the mid-1950s, the Union Center Powder Milk Plant in the early 1960s, and as a librarian at the Kendall Public Library in the late 1960s, when she got her driver’s license. Around 1985, Violet and Casey moved from the farm into Kendall, and in 2011, she moved to Greenfield House by Tomah.
Survivors include two children, Alan (Darlene) of Kendall and Shirley (Duane – Pete) Leak of Mauston; eight grandchildren, Kevin (Penny) of Wonewoc, Dennis Leak of Mauston, David Rieck of Tomah, Kimberly Rieck of Kendall, Susan (Anthony) Seebecker of Algona, Iowa, Bruce Rieck of Onalaska, William Rieck of Kendall and Rebecca (Gottlieb) Leonard of Manassas, Va; 13 great-grandchildren, Caitlin, Mandy, Cassie, Skylar, Bryce, Sierra, Epiphany, Makenzie, Elenore, Jerome (Cassie), Courtney (Joe), Sydney and Jacob; one great-great-grandson, Kyan; and one sister-in-law, Norma Rabehl of Blue River, Wis.
She was preceded in death by her husband William (Casey); one son and daughter-in-law, Charles and Linda;

########
Rank: 10
Score: 51.78706
Retrieved Text: Me thinks the people at Vogue Australia doth protest too much?
There's no doubting that Kendall Jenner is one of the shining stars in the world of celebrity.
So at this point, finding a justification for plopping her on cover of a magazine seems a tad superfluous, especially for a Vogue Australia.
She's beautiful, tall and is a Kardashian sibling. There isn't really much to explain. Yet the October issue of Vogue Australia tries to do just that, and it does so by rejecting the fact her family had any influence on her success.
"Four years ago we photographed Kendall when she was just starting out on her journey into the modeling world," Vogue Australia editor-in-chief, Edwina McCann said according to E! Online.
"She was a reserved and quiet teenager accompanied by her mum and manager Kris [Jenner] to the shoot here in Sydney.
"Forbes has just announced Kendall as the third highest earning model in the world and aside from the fact that she has risen to these ranks in only four years, what I most admire about Kendall is her determination and professionalism in getting there so quickly, so adamantly not using her family to get a leg up."
We'll repeat that again — "not using her family to get a leg up." The Kardashians. The Jenners. Arguably the two most visible celebrity families in the world had zero involvement in her success whatsoever guys! Zero.
There's no problem with being in a rich and successful family, but to say that it had no influence on Kendall Jenner's ensuing success? Pretty farfetched.
To

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.195404
Retrieved Text: 0:00 Kendall Snellgrove at goalie for LaGrange.
3:23 Substitution!LaGrange substitution: Jasmine Middleton for Taylor Hamm.
3:23 Shot by Huntingdon Reilly Feeney, Save (by goalie) Kendall Snellgrove.
9:36 Shot by Huntingdon Lindsay Paskman, Save (by goalie) Kendall Snellgrove.
14:45 Shot by Huntingdon Elena Guy, High.
15:04 Corner kick by Huntingdon Lindsay Paskman [15:04].
16:00 Shot by Huntingdon Mac Pearson, Wide Left.
20:09 Shot by Huntingdon Elena Guy, High.
21:36 Shot by Huntingdon Mac Pearson, High.
23:21 Header Shot by LaGrange Carolyn Harkness, Wide Left.
26:16 Shot by Huntingdon Kirstin Hayes, Save (by goalie) Kendall Snellgrove.
27:16 Shot by Huntingdon Mac Pearson, High.
28:25 Substitution!LaGrange substitution: Adreanna Creed for Jasmine Middleton.
28:25 Substitution!LaGrange substitution: India Gleason for Dynasty Burchett.
33:18 Substitution!LaGrange substitution: Katie Fennell for Zoe Watts.
33:39 Shot by Huntingdon Hedi Docking, High.
34:48 Substitution!Huntingdon substitution: Sydney Zamorano for Lindsay Paskman.
34:56 Shot by Huntingdon Reilly Feeney, Hit Post.
35:59 Substitution!Huntingdon substitution: Abigail Brown for Alyssa Carpenter.
35:59 Substitution!Huntingdon substitution: Kayley Yates for Hedi Docking.
38:42 Corner kick by Huntingdon Abigail Brown [38:42].
41:55 Substitution!Huntingdon substitution: Camryn Hale for Meredith Harrison.
43:35 Substitution!LaGrange substitution: Emma Smith for India Gleason.
43:35 Shot by Huntingdon Reilly Feeney, High.
47:09 Corner kick by Huntingdon Reilly Feeney [47:09].
47:33 Shot by Huntingdon Elena Guy, Save (by goalie) Kendall Snellgrove.
48:48 Shot by Huntingdon Meredith Harrison, Save (by goalie) Kendall Snellgrove.
51:03 Shot by Huntingdon Lindsay Paskman, High.
57:59 Shot by Huntingdon Alyssa Carpenter, Wide Right.
59:20 Substitution!Huntingdon substitution: Kayley Yates for Hedi Docking.
59:29 Corner kick by Huntingdon Reilly Feeney [59:29].
60:10 Substitution!LaGrange substitution: Adreanna Creed for Jasmine Middleton.
65:23 Corner kick by Huntingdon Lindsay Paskman [65:23].
66:04 Corner kick by Huntingdon Lindsay Paskman [66:04].
66:15 Shot by Huntingdon Mac Pearson, Wide Right.
66:24 Substitution!Huntingdon substitution:

########
Rank: 12
Score: 50.697914
Retrieved Text: It's been 23 years since the tragic death of Nicole Brown Simpson, but her memory is still kept alive to this day.
She was known as being the ex-wife of former NFL player O.J. Simpson who infamously went on trial for her and her friend Ronald Goldman's murders.
Robert Kardashian Sr. had been close with Simpson for years and when tragedy struck, he became one of the former athlete's defense attorneys during the trial.
Brown Simpson on the other hand had been Kris Jenner's best friend and was heartbroken that her ex-husband chose to defend him. Seventeen months after the death of her beloved friend, Jenner gave birth to Kendall Jenner, and chose "Nicole" as her middle name.
Although Simpson was ultimately acquitted, it was an understandably devastating time for the former couple's children, Sydney and Justin.
Faced with the possibility of losing both their parents, it was exceptionally difficult to give the children any sense of normalcy, but according to the Kardashians' former nanny, Rob and Khloé Kardashian helped do just that.
Pam Behan had looked after the children for five years, and said that the youngest Kardashians were exceptionally close friends with Sydney and Justin.
"The kids used to call him ‘Uncle OJ'… So now they were hearing that he may have killed Nicole. This was really shocking to them," Beham said in the latest episode of Scandal Made Me Famous.
"Justin and Sidney were very close with Khloé and Robert so shortly after all this happened, myself, Khloé, and Robert went down to the Brown family's house and stayed with them

########
Rank: 13
Score: 50.461227
Retrieved Text: Fake Reports about Kendall Jenner's Lip Surgery Riling Up Fans!
Kendall Jenner has gotten her “lips done” and has finally joined the Kardashian hall of lip surgery fame!
HollywoodLife.com has reported some news about fan’s favorite celebrity Kendall Jenner, claiming that supermodel is probably not a surgery virgin anymore! News about a lip job spread across the Internet which is false.
While the Kardashian clan is notoriously known for going under the knife, younger sister Kendall Jenner has made sure she sticks to her natural looks. But that has not given her any respite against surgery rumors, and we think she’s tired of clapping back.
Kendall Jenner’s latest Adidas Originals ad photo has created a stir among social media users.
Celebrity makeup artist Mary Phillips posted a picture of her stunning work on Jenner for the ad. And now, Jenner is facing the surgery music once again!
But Kendall Jenner is accustomed to these negative comments. Remember her Golden Globes appearance?
Jenner received major backlash for attending the Golden Globes in the first place, being a non-actor and all. And then the surgery rumors followed.
Since then, Jenner has been clapping back and shooting down all plastic surgery rumors saying they were false.
The rumors about her face and lips being fake have come by the boatloads, however, BFF Bella Hadid came to the rescue.
Hadid took a stand against haters who believed that everything about her and Jenner was “fake.” She went on to reply to people on social media after she received some stinging comments when she had uploaded a picture of herself and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 49.28457
Retrieved Text: Alias was a 2001-2006 espionage/drama TV show, created by J.J. Abrams and starring Jennifer Garner as Sydney Bristow.
It was quite successful and popular, reveling in a high-energy serial thriller style. As such it was packed with action, drama, plot twists, disguises, treason, fringe science elements, super-spy fights, convoluted dramatic reveals and other pop serial aspects.
And Ms. Jennifer Garner in an endless variety of fabulous outfits and wigs, of course.
Real Name: Sydney Anne Bristow.
Other Aliases: Bluebird, Freelancer, Mountaineer, Phoenix, Kate Jones, Julia Thorne, Christina Myers, Claudia Maria Velasquez DeMarco, and many more.
Marital Status: Married (at the end of season 5).
Known Relatives: Jack (father, deceased), Irina Derevko (Laura Bristow, mother, deceased), Yekaterina “Katya” Derevko (aunt), Elena Derevko (aunt, deceased), Nadia Santos (half-sister, deceased), Michael Vaughn (Andre Micheaux, husband), Isabelle (daughter), Jack (son).
Group Affiliation: APO, CIA; formerly SD-6, Covenant.
Height: 5’8″ Weight: 125 lbs.
Sydney is a highly experienced agent, with an extensive history of undercover work. She is extremely talented at adopting different roles, being familiar with a wide array of languages, and is very good at keeping her true feelings hidden when necessary. She has a wide array of skills applicable to her profession.
She is also very physically active, and a highly trained combatant, proficient in unarmed (favouring an acrobatic, kick-boxing form of fighting) and armed combat. She’s familiar with an array of firearms, and can use most forms of melee weapons, often improvising weapons out of whatever she finds around.
The fourth season’s brief title sequence, showing Sydney disguised as quite a few assumed identities.
Born on April 17th, 1975, Sydney spent the first

########
Rank: 15
Score: 48.636787
Retrieved Text: I had the hiccups tonight, and I resorted to a hiccup cure I have been using ever since Philip Kendall taught it to me in 1973.
You put a standard issue table-knife in a glass of water and drink all the water leaving the knife in place. The knife somehow forces you to hold your throat in the right way to cure the hiccups. Since Phil taught me the cure, I have learned over the last 30 years or so, that you don't actually need the knife, but you have to drink the water as if the knife were there. . .you do a sort of chugging action on the water, and drink it in one fell swoop.
I don't know if this was a Kendall Home Remedy, or if he learned it in college, but it works (for me at least) 100% of the time.
The rest of these cures are listed on a separate page, since they don't work if the person with hiccups knows about them.
Take a big sip of water, bend over and swallow it.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 48.19683
Retrieved Text: A triple-zero call recording of an accused murderer admitting he had killed his wife with a knife has been played in a Sydney court.
Shahab Ahmed has pleaded not guilty to murdering Khondkar Fariha Elahi in their Parramatta unit in February 2017, claiming he was substantially mentally impaired.
The NSW Supreme Court on Wednesday heard the tape of Ahmed's triple-zero call, where he confirmed his address and was asked "what's happened?"
Asked if she needed an ambulance, Ahmed said no.
"I think she's dead," he said.
Prosecutors on Tuesday rejected the 35-year-old's plea of guilty to manslaughter.
He pleaded not guilty to murder, claiming a partial defence of substantial impairment by abnormality of mind.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 48.11594
Retrieved Text: Sydney woman Marcela Castaneda has been found not guilty of murder or manslaughter after she fatally stabbed of her abusive husband following a fight about their wedding.
Ms Castaneda was originally charged with murdering Gregory Peck at their western Sydney home on February 22, 2013, but last week the jury was directed to find her not guilty of that charge due to a lack of evidence.
Today after about five hours of deliberations the six-man and six-woman jury at the Supreme Court also acquitted the 33-year-old of his manslaughter.
Relieved family supporting her in court gasped as the verdict came down.
Ms Castaneda fatally stabbed Mr Peck at their home the night she told him she wanted to cancel their wedding and asked him to move out.
Shaking and fighting back tears, Ms Castaneda previously told her trial that after she tried to end the four-and-a-half-year relationship she felt Mr Peck&apos;s hands around her neck "all of a sudden".
"I could feel pressure around my neck and I was struggling to breathe - I couldn&apos;t scream," she told the Supreme Court.
She said it was not the first time Mr Peck had choked her, but her fear intensified when he tried to follow her into the kitchen.
"That scared me, because he&apos;d never come after me before. So then when I saw the knife, I just grabbed it," she said.
She tried to lead her violent fiance from their Cecil Hills home at knife-point but when she reached the patio he swore and "lunged" at her in the doorway.
She drove the sharp 15-centimetre knife into

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.02388
Retrieved Text: A new one-man chamber opera by Hannah Kendall, The Knife of Dawn explores the life and mind of Guyanese poet and political activist Martin Carter as he boldly fights for his country’s independence. As one of the UK’s leading young composers, Kendall writes music of great beauty and intricacy.
In this, her operatic debut, she takes inspiration from one of the Caribbean’s most influential writers, setting Carter’s own lyrical and evocative poems, drawn together into a moving new libretto by Tessa McWatt.
Set in 1953 during Carter’s imprisonment, The Knife of Dawn vividly reveals the personal struggles of a courageous artist, exploring cultural, political and social issues still very relevant today.
Part of Roundhouse’s celebration of Black History Month.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 48.02109
Retrieved Text: Thomas Dana Tormey, Jr. died Saturday, December 24, 2011 at age 50. Tom was born on April 18, 1961 in Lynn, MA to Dorothea and Thomas Tormey. He was raised in Nashua, NH, attended Nashua High School and graduated from Keene State College in 1985. Tom met his “lovey”, Kristin Woolley, and they married in December 1994. They spent 17 wonderful years together, and brought four beautiful daughters into the world; Madison, Colby, Sydney and Kendall.
Tom was involved in the computer networking business for the last 26 years; for the past nine he owned and operated his own successful networking company. Tom especially loved to golf, boat, and ski. He was known for his long drive, but had a great game to support it. He was good at anything that he tried and was quite a perfectionist. Tom loved his girls and treated them like queens. He loved to watch them as they were involved in their activities and was their biggest cheerleader. He was so proud of all of them. It was always “Tommy and the girls”.
Tom is survived by his wife, Kristin; daughters, Madison, Colby, Sydney and Kendall; Mother, Dorothea; sister, Laureen; and brother, John. He is preceded in death by his father, Thomas Dana Tormey.
A celebration of his life will be held at 11 a.m. on Thursday, December 29, 2011 at the Mapleton LDS Chapel on 1316 South Main Street in Mapleton. Friends may call Thursday morning from 9 to 10:30 a.m. at the Chapel. Interment will be at the Evergreen Cemetery in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 47.70871
Retrieved Text: One of Britain's few female film directors, Muriel Box entered the British film industry working on continuity and scriptwriting. During the war she worked for Verity Films - a documentary company set up by her husband, Sydney Box, and later became the scenario editor at Gainsborough Studios. She directed her first feature film, 'The Happy Family' in 1952, and worked consistently in a variety of genres until 1964.
In this interview she talks to Sid Cole, chiefly about her directing career, particularly her work on 'The Happy Family', 'The Beachcomber', 'To Dorothy a Son', 'Simon and Laura', and 'The Truth About Women'. She discusses the difficulties she encountered as a female film director in a male dominated industry, and remembers several of her stars, including Robert Newton and Kay Kendall.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 47.339424
Retrieved Text: Jennifer is a Sydney based artist. She completed her Visual Arts degree at Sydney College of the Arts in 2004 and since then has exhibited in many group shows.
“My interest lies in colour and texture, both in abstraction and figurative work.
The conceptual underpinning of my abstraction, is the signifier: a suggestion; a symbol; a sign … a mark. The mark is symbolic of a language used at another time in my life, namely, shorthand. A method of rapid handwriting using simple strokes or outlines to replace letters and words. I enjoy being able to make marks that aren’t immediately obvious, but give my work a deeper meaning, enabling me to leave my individual ‘mark’ on each work.
I also enjoy working with subtle, blended, almost realistic grounds, with an ‘edge’ or ‘line’, which can be a simple brush stroke, or paint dragged across the canvas with a palette knife, creating a certain tension, leaving those that engage with the work to … imagine.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 47.275803
Retrieved Text: Dividing her time between Chicago, NY, and LA; Chicago based hairstylist Alex Brown has opened her own private hair studio in the ever-evolving West Loop neighborhood. Prior to relocating to Chicago, Alex spent the last 3 years as the right hand to celebrity renowned hairstylist, Jen Atkin. While working under Jen, she has styled hair all across the world from London and Paris to Dubai and Sydney.
Alex is fortunate to have worked with highly influential women such as Kendall Jenner, Hailey Baldwin, Bella Hadid, Chrissy Tiegen, Olivia Culpo, Khloe Kardashian, and Kylie Jenner to name a few. She continues to travel and do hair for weddings across the globe and actively participates in New York Fashion Week and Paris Fashion Week.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 47.181
Retrieved Text: Information about upcoming knife shows.
Sydney Knife Show on Blokesworld!
What did I get at the show?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 46.907455
Retrieved Text: The EC volleyball team made their record 7-0 on Thursday night with a 3-0 sweep (25-9, 25-19, and 25-18) against Greenhills winning the CHSL West Division. Key stats from the game included: sophomore Daniella Mirjah had 14 kills; senior Serra Lowney had 12 kills and 4 aces; senior Kendall Beauchamp had 7 kills, 2 blocks, and 2 aces; sophomore Sydney Cooper had a 14 point serve run with 4 aces; and senior Grace Lowney had 35 assists and 4 aces.
The JV team also won on the same evening, winning their respective CHSL West Division.
Following EC tradition, the team also took a few minutes before the game to honor the seniors on the team: Katelyn Allen, Kendall Beauchamp, Grace Lowney, and Serra Lowney.
The team advances to the CHSL Championship Game on Wednesday, October 17 at 4:30 P.M. against Cabrini.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 46.83693
Retrieved Text: The annual Rose Tea, sponsored by the Webster City Women’s Club, will be held at the Jane Young House on Sunday, June 10 at 2 p.m.
Seating is limited. Tickets are available for $10 at Kendall Young Library.
Mary Ann Erickson, president, will open the meeting with hospitality, the club collect and The Pledge of Allegiance.
Donna Foster will present the program, “The Old Piano Blues.” The program will feature pianist Rylan Sankot and the following piano students of Jeannie Vande Zande: Carly Appel, Sydney Oswald, Allison Oswald, Marissa Foster and Gianna Borer.
Refreshments will be served bu Connie Gilbert and her committee of Debbie Jordahl, Barb Wollan, Lindsay McCormick Welch, Donna Jansen and JoAnn Katzer.
The Rose Tea is open to the public with advanced ticket reservations. No tickets will be sold at the door due to limited seating.
The funds raised at the Rose Tea are used not only for one of the oldest clubs in Webster City, but also for the continued preservation of a city landmark. The Jane Young House was built by Kane and Kendall Young in 1874.
For more information, call 835-0442 or 835-9111.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 46.60721
Retrieved Text: A Sydney man last night left the staff at a country Chinese restaurant gobsmacked when he pushed aside the default knife and fork and called for the chopsticks.
The owner of the Chinese restaurant said this was the first time the chopsticks have made an appearance in the restaurant and it took them a good 30 minutes to find the ancient tools of the Orient.
People lucky enough to dine in the presence of the man said they were in awe.
The restaurant was also caught off guard when the man didn’t order the staple of spring rolls, honey chicken, sweet and sour pork, and fried rice, forcing the chef to study old Women’s Weekly Chinese cookbooks before frying up the strange order.
This entry was posted in Food, News and tagged Australia, chinese, Chopsticks, Country, Food, nsw, Restaurant, Sydney. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 46.554333
Retrieved Text: When Kendall Jenner steps into a party in a form-fitting wet-look minidress, heads turn. Not just at the party, but across the globe.
Pics are posted to social media and plastered across news sites, spawning a legion of copycat dressers. Celebrity stylists take note, hatching plans to get their clients snapped in the next hot brand.
It’s a cycle that’s seen long-time local fashion favourite Bec & Bridge, founded in 2003 by Sydney duo Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston, evolve into an international It-girl go-to – seemingly overnight.
The Slick Rick number Kendall wore to her sister Kylie’s 21st on the weekend wasn’t the label’s first high-profile rodeo. Last year, Kim Kardashian posed for family photos in one of the brand’s slinky champagne slips, and Kylie caused a sartorial stir in an ice-blue mini.
Then there are fellow fans Gigi Hadid, Hailey Baldwin, Selena Gomez, Em Rata, Kaia Gerber ... Basically the full LA style set.
And as they parade around in their figure-hugging frocks and floral wrap dresses – both Bec & Bridge signatures – we’ll delight in one important detail. Sorry Kendall, but we wore it first.
Kathryn Madden is marie claire's Features Editor and spends her days writing about fashion, feminism and everything in between (nostalgic nineties throwback pieces are a a personal preference). In addition to marie claire, she's had work published in InStyle, Qantas, Virgin and Home Beautiful magazines.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.413506
Retrieved Text: Mark Eagleton has been a knitting and crochet enthusiast for 25 years and says the hobby continues to grow in popularity. He said there is a perception that knitting and crochet is something that older women tend to do, however social media is helping to attract the younger generation. Mark is a member of the online community Ravelry, which is a yarn and pattern database for knitters and crocheters. He said he enjoys sharing his ideas with people and networking with others over a common passion. Mark is most proud of a lace shawl which he made over a couple of months. He enjoys knitting and crochet because he finds it relaxing, where he can be creative in his use of colour and design. Mark said a lot of people are reluctant to take up knitting because they say they don’t have enough time. “You just have to make time for it,” he said. “People don’t have to spend hours of their day doing knitting, they can just pick it up and do 10 or five minutes at a time.” Mark enjoys knitting while watching television at night. While mistakes can be made in knitting, Mark doesn’t let it worry him as he said everything is fixable. “I like things to be perfect.” Mark has become a mentor to some of the ladies at the Kendall Kettles Craft group, showing them how to make socks and other items. He will lead a shawl making session later on this year. Mark moved to the area about seven

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.363857
Retrieved Text: [Brisbantimes - Melissa Singer] The 128.54-carat Tiffany Yellow Diamond, which Lady Gaga wore to the most recent Oscars arrived in Australia this week under tight security and will be on display for a couple of weeks at the store in Sydney's CBD.
And for one night this week, the gemstone and Kendall Jenner will be in the same room, for the launch of the new Tiffany & Co Sydney store. Discover more details.
Pictures Credit: @kendalljenner, @renellaice In @kendalljenner, Tiffany.

================



======= Instance Index 19559 =========
Input Text: Context: Skylar was looking up at Jan as she drank her bottle. Skylar wrapped Jan's fingers around her own.

Question: How would you describe Skylar?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: thrilled to make the connection

B: needy

C: loving

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 65.91746
Retrieved Text: A force of evil surrounds him.
"NO!" Skylar yelled sitting up in his bed. "Another bloody dream" He thought to himself. Well these had actually been nightmares, but not those fictional nightmares normal people had, no, these were events that actually happened. Skylar's mother dying at childbirth. Then every once in awhile Skylar would have a dream about what seemed to be the future a guy in a cloak, this guy seemed like he was evil like looking at death itself, this guy, looked like Skylar. Skylar wasn't certain though he never thought of himsell killing people like the guy in the dream did.
Skylar got out of bed threw on a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt and headed out of the dorms. Right as he reached the door Sky stopped, turned around, and went to grab his cloak then headed back outside to the Slytherin Common Room. There he grab a couple of cookies off the table and headed out of the Common Room.
Sneaking his was past a couple of professors, Skylar finally, made it to the Great Hall and then went outside. He took a breath in of the fresh air of the night. He looked up at the sky, no stars, it was rather cloudy and was suggesting rain. Earlier that day, it had poured like none other, then stopped about dinner time.
Skylar headed towards the lake and his normal sitting place, an oddly shaped rock that was right on the opposite side of the lake. Once there, Skylar climbed up on

########
Rank: 1
Score: 59.707306
Retrieved Text: Location : Stalker much? but if you must know, behind you.
Benjamin watched the dog bow. "Hello, Skylar. If you're looking for a pack, you've found the right place. I allow you to join." Benjamin said. Jackie perked her ears at the words "i allow you to join." Without thinking, she trotted over to the territory line where Benjamin and Shattered were. "Hello!" Jackie yipped, her tail swaying. Shattered gave her a weird look and Benjamin glared at her. "Umm.... bye." Jackie said, slowly inching back to her rock. You're an idiot! Jackie thought, very embarrassed by her actions. Meanwhile, Serenity saw the whole thing. The stranger bowing, Benjamin saying something, Jackie prancing over to them then going back to her rock. Serenity's eyes switched from wolf to wolf. Benjamin, Shattered, the stranger who looked like a dark ghost, Jackie. Serenity looked up at the mystical sun that was partly covered by small, puffy clouds. She sighed and waited for something to happen.
Midnight dashed a look in every direction then she saw them three males standing at what she did think as the pack boarder she walked over appearing behind the black male and acting no diffrent from how she did when alone. Midnight bowed only slightly because of her hurt paw and the large gash on her side the bow hurt it quite a bit but not enough to make her yelp. "Hello I am Midnight and i would love to join your pack with the alpha's approval."
Benjamin nodded sagely. "You both may join." He said,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 56.53102
Retrieved Text: Skylar Mackenzie has never had an easy life, but she was never one to be detoured. With a full scholarship, she enters college with the hope of making her journalism dream come true. But, her dream comes to a devastating halt when one person she thought she could trust rips everything away from her. Left with no other choice Skylar does the only thing she can. She runs; leaving her dark past behind, with plans for a new life for herself and the one person she loves most in the world. What Skylar couldn’t count on was crashing into…literally, the gorgeous bad boy, Cade Williams. Sparks fly instantly and Cade has no problem letting Skylar know exactly what he wants…her. Can Skylar risk opening her heart to love? And what happens when the demons from her past catch up with her? Skylar may have mapped out a new life for herself, but she never planned on Falling for Cade.
I’m 24 years old and married to the love of my life. Together we have a beautiful daughter.
I have a fierce love of reading and an even stronger love of writing.
I’m looking forward to releasing my first book this year!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 56.46352
Retrieved Text: Two years ago, senior, Skylar Allen, was diagnosed with stage four Non-Hodgkin’s Lymphoma cancer. On Tuesday, March 26, Student Council, HOSA and the Make-A-Wish organization partnered to present Skylar with a reveal for her wish.
Skylar has gone through a year of cancer treatments, hospital stays and missing out on being a normal high school student. However, throughout her long year of battling cancer, she was fortunate enough to have the support of her friends and family there to help her.
On May 16, 2018, Skylar and family celebrated because she is now cancer free. This news was a relief for everyone in Skylar’s life. They could now focus on getting back to a normal life.
During her cancer treatments, the Make-A-Wish organization reached out to Skylar and asked her what her wish would be. Liaisons and sponsors from the organization would talk with her to help figure out what she wanted.
Skylar thought about it and asked her friends and family for ideas and suggestions. She loved the idea of the beach and wanted to be somewhere in a warm climate. She ended up choosing a trip to Greece as her dream wish.
Skylar looked at the wish reveals at Reedy from a completely different perspective.
Skylar found herself wanting to do everything she could to help make a kid’s dream come true. She was already donating to the Make-A-Wish organization before she even knew that her wish would be granted.
Leading up to the day of the reveal, lots of money, time, and effort went into making this reveal possible. So

########
Rank: 4
Score: 56.309757
Retrieved Text: **SAFE 09/29/15** Smoky grey baby girl SKYLAR is only about 13 weeks old and she has been at the ACC for much of September. She had some swelling on her face when she arrived, and must be FAR more beautiful in person than her intake photo shows. Yep, they have had her at the shelter since the 10th and not only did they leave her with a crappy picture, but they couldn’t figure out how to find SKYLAR a home. This BABY dies at the hands of a broken shelter system tomorrow, unless a FOSTER or ADOPTER steps up for her tonight!
I am a female gray domestic sh mix. The shelter thinks I am about 13 WEEKS old.
I came in the shelter as a STRAY on 09/10/2015 from NY 11212, owner surrender reason stated was STRAY.
09/23/2015 Exam Type CAGE EXAM – Medical Rating is 3 C – MAJOR CONDITIONS , Behavior Rating is NONE, Weight 2.1 LBS.
09/10/15 15:20 Skylar is an all gray female cat who was brought in as a stray to ACC today. Skylar appears healthy but will undergo a physical health exam. She was nervous and excitable during the Intake process. Skylar allowed herself to be transferred into a new carrier with minimal effort. Skylar fled and hid when an attempt was made to collar and photograph her. When she was caught and in a calmer state she did allow herself to be collared and photographed.
Skylar was brought in as a stray, so we cannot speak to her behavior in her previous home.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 55.76569
Retrieved Text: A portrait of Skylar Neese, a bubbly 16-year-old from West Virginia.
Skylar Neese was a 16-year-old honor student with a bright future. She loved to read, had an active social life and, like most teens, was all about posting her thoughts on social media. Sklar also never missed a day of work at her part-time job at a local Wendy’s. But on July 6, 2012, Skylar snuck out of her bedroom window to meet up with her two best friends Shelia Eddy and Rachel Shoaf.
When Skylar snuck out of her room on that July night, she had gone to meet her two best friends, Shelia Eddy and Rachel Shoaf. The three attended University High School school together just north of Morgantown. Skylar had known Eddy since she was eight years old and Eddy had met Shoaf their freshman year.
The trio were inseparable and Skylar allegedly served as an emotional rock for the other two girls, as both Eddy and Shoaf came from parents of divorce. Skylar was an only child and her parents wanted everything for her. They nurtured her intelligence and encouraged her to be her own person.
Shoaf, on the other hand, was the opposite of Eddy. Though she was well-liked and enjoyed being in school plays, she came from a strict Catholic family and idolized Eddy for her somewhat wild and free attitude.
Skylar Neese, right, beside Rachel Shoaf, middle, and Shelia Eddy on the left.
While Shoaf and Neese enjoyed the freedom that Eddy represented, that particular dynamic would spell trouble for Neese.
Another tweet from that

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.679214
Retrieved Text: 10 years ago, Skylar’s dad left her without explanation, and whenever she tried asking her mum for the answer, she wouldn’t tell her. Now 18 years old Skylar all grown up and ready to go to college. But before starting her first semester, Skylar went away to her cousin’s house, Kayla, for a summer holiday. While on her way there, she was stopped by a gorgeous cop for a random check and was immediately attracted to him but didn’t do anything about it, except noted on his name – Doug.
Kayla’s mum owned a restaurant, and due to short of staff, Skylar offered to help, and that’s when she saw the cop again. However, he didn’t acknowledge her, and he was also using a different name – Mason. Skylar was confused, and when Nick, Mason’s brother invited Kayla and her to a beach party, she agreed, she thought it would be a great chance to find out more, but what she didn’t realise that it was the beginning of her dangerous discovery.
Mason was surprised that Skylar remembered him despite having her memory wiped. He was intrigued by it and also felt something was special about her, so he kept a close eye on her. It was lucky that he did because Skylar was almost drowned on the beach. Besides noticing that Skylar was able to see the Vultures, Mason also was curious about how she managed to kill his Demigod brother. While discovering the truth, protecting and being so close to her, Mason’s wall surrounding his heart

########
Rank: 7
Score: 54.234623
Retrieved Text: Skylar Littlewood was treated at Riley as a newborn infant, and now has returned to work as an HR Consultant.
Doctor diagnosed Skylar’s mother with placental abruption (a condition in which the placenta partially or completely separates from the uterus before a baby is born). “I was basically drowning inside her,” Skylar says.
Shocked, Skylar’s mom underwent an emergency Cesarean. “Prior to the pregnancy she had never had any health issues, no complications at all,” recalls Skylar.
The Riley team immediately began to prep Skylar for ECMO. “Otherwise known as extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, ECMO is a tool used in life-threatening situations,” explains Dr. William Engle, neonatologist at Riley. “An ECMO machine allows blood to drain from a baby’s heart into an artificial lung and then through this artificial lung the oxygen is taken up and carbon dioxide is removed. This well oxygenated blood is then pumped back into the baby by way of the heart or blood vessels around the heart.” Essentially, he says, it’s a way to treat babies whose lungs or hearts are not working well.
Why was she spared? “No one knows,” she says.
But, one day Skylar felt called back: “I heard that IU Health was hiring and I wanted to work at this amazing place. In a way, it’s like my heart brought me back,” she says.
Skylar was hired in February to be a Human Resources Consultant.
Shortly after, she went to see Dr. Engle. “I sent him an email thanking him for my life, asking if we could meet.” He happily obliged. “He invited me to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 53.956387
Retrieved Text: Updated September 5th 2008 – I had a couple of commenters stop by earlier today and Debbie let me know that apparently Monica was released from jail last week. I am looking around the web to see if I can find any updates on this story and will post them here.
OK, just found a story over at Journal-News.Net. Monica was released on $100,000 bail last Friday. She has also waived her right to a preliminary hearing which means it’s going to be bound over to the circuit court for possible indictment by a grand jury, which won’t convene until October. She possibly faces life in prison if convicted of murder and up to five years on the abuse charge.
Apparently Monica lost her temper, threw the eight month old in his crib bouncing his head off of the side and then pitched his bottle in smacking him in the face.
Monica is currently being held at the Eastern Regional jail in West Virginia, charged with the murder of a child by a parent and child abuse resulting in injury.
As soon as I saw the story over at the Dreamin’ Demon I agreed wholeheartedly with them that the sum of her life can be found on her MySpace page. from her ‘about me’ blurb.
I have 2 dogs a german sheperd/collie mix named Rusty, hes been in da family 4 bout 8 years, he was hit by a car in 2005 n lost his front left leg, he gets along 4 da most part: a pitbull named Kimmerz, I got

########
Rank: 9
Score: 53.876514
Retrieved Text: Synopsis: Skylar’s family was forced into the witness protection program when she was only seventeen. After her mother died years later, Sky moved back in with the only family she had left. She knew she’d run into her high school sweetheart but she didn’t expect the changes she found in Rowdy. He wasn’t the sweet boy she left so many years ago. He’d turned into a womanizing jerk but that didn’t stop her heart from wanting him.
Review: I gave this book 5 stars out of 5 because I fell in Love the two main characters, Skylar & Rowdy immediately both them as individuals and them as a couple, because of this I would and will recommend the book to others both personally and on my blog. I also found the Stories of two of the other characters Anna and Boon really interesting. It was also an grate book because it was based around Rock climbing.
I really felt for Skylar and Rowdy when it came to Skylar just disappearing when her family had to go into witness protection and then when her Aunt and Uncle died, and she wasn’t able to go.
The way Charli’s writing draws you in and keeps you wanting more through the descriptions of characters, scenes and places is amazing.
To begin with Anna you felt sorry for her because it was obvious that she was screwed up about what her Dad had done with regard being in Jail for killing Rowdy’s, her step brother, Mum and the fact that she was in love with

########
Rank: 10
Score: 53.374146
Retrieved Text: I fellasleep for a few short minutes and woke up by Scarlett nudging me "hm?....What?" We landed Scarlett didn't look to good "Ya alright?" I stood up more on my seat "Uh....Yeah Skylar snores in his sleep though" She said I couldn't help but chuckle at this "I figured where is he?" I looked around the helicopter no one was there Scarlett grabbed my wrist "This is all your fault ya know...." She said My eyes were staring stright at her Her face looked..... diffrent. "What?" I stood up did she really just say that? I mean I was talking to Scarlett wasn't I? "Your nothing but a monster" She was staring at the ground her eyes seemed lost "What are you saying Scar- Something made my eyes stare at the floor there was blood everywhere......Three men Scattered across the ground including the sergant, They were all dead. I backed away from the scene I looked past Scarlett I covered my mouth with the sight befor me Skylar was in his sit....with his throat slit I felt the tears rushing down my face "oh my god...." I said "you did it in your sleep" Scarlett said she stood up she had four stabs in her stomach "I tried to fight you off but you got me right here" She held her stomach "Scarlett....." I was terrified I finally noticed the blood all over my shirt "I'm so sorry" I said Scarlett was coming closer "I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry!!!" I screeched I kept apoligizing until

########
Rank: 11
Score: 53.190784
Retrieved Text: Summer-Glau.com Forum » Filmography » Other movies/shows » Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish and let Zoe be used by Red Flag?
At the end of Alphas season 2 episode 6 'Alphaville', Skylar escapes with her daughter Zoe and is later approached by Stanton Parish himself. He offers Skylar "to help make the world a better place" by providing "an environment that child like Zoe and Skylar herself can shrive in".
Will she join him and let her daughter's power become a tool of Red Flag? Take the poll!
It's hard to say. The situation is complex.
Frankly, I think Skylar just wants to be left alone to raise Zoe without interference but with the support of a community.
She lost that community in 2x06 and she has no reason to trust Parish after his lackey's destroyed it.
Given her issues with Rosen, I doubt she'd turn to him or his group.
I would say she would probably strike out on her own again, but we already know she's returning for two more episodes so that doesn't seem likely.
So like I said, it's complex. I'll wait and see where the series takes us to find out.
Oh yeah! I hope she zaps Parish. I really hate assholes who go about acting all gentrified when in truth all they want is power and destruction.
You make good points Russell.
We know that, as hard she'd like to avoid all this, she'll be involved in the latest episodes.
She turned

########
Rank: 12
Score: 52.57834
Retrieved Text: This message shows up as Skylar scrolls through her Facebook. The app informs her that 107 of her friends will be attending this event. As she clicks to open the post for further investigation, she wonders about the purpose of the event. Skylar ponders what could be so important that students feel the need to interrupt school and what “change” is intended to occur.
Skylar’s classmate, Steve, encounters this same post on his own Facebook account. Upon reading that 107 of his same Facebook friends will also be attending, he clicks the “will be attending” button right away. He scrolls through the 34 comments and feels obliged to add one. Steve examines what other people have written to help him choose the most appropriate phrase to write. He decides to post this routine, insincere comment: #StandTogether.
Both Skylar and Steve end up going to the event. In the parking lot that Friday, Steve can be found with his group of friends, posing with patronizing posters plastered with phrases pasted directly from the Facebook comments section. As the speakers are giving their speeches up on the risers, you can spot Steve looking down at his phone, editing the photo he has chosen to post about the event. He does not really know or care all that much about the cause that the event is supporting. All he knows is that “walkout” seems to be the buzzword of the day, and so this event belongs on his social media page. When the likes stop rolling in and eventually come to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 52.360897
Retrieved Text: Seasoned Police K-9 with 3 years of real work experience. Skylar completed Basic 12 weeks Narcotics Detection training and 16 hours of in service training a month with the Woodruff Police Department in house K-9 Training Divisions and is fully Trained and Certified through NNDDA, and SCPK-9A in Narcotics Detection with Passive Response on vehicles and buildings on Marijuana, Cocaine Powder and Rock, Meth, Ecstasy, Heroin also Completed Basic Criminal Apprehension and Handler Protection training through Contract Trainer Mark Shawn of HHH K-9 Training Services. Skylar was originally a trained as Guard Dog by a K-9 Training Service in GA. and used as a Guard Dog for a art studio business in GA. Skylar was converted to Police Dog by Woodruff Police Department K-9 Division. She could go back to work as a guard dog for personal protection or commercial protection with very little work. Trained and Handled by Woodruff Police Department's head K-9 Trainer and unit Coordinator Lt. Todd Hendrix.
Skylar is a high drive dog while in work mood but couch potato at the house. She is great around kids and other animals. Skylar worked for Woodruff Police Department for 3 years. She made numerous drug cases and money seizures while on the streets and has a lot of real work experience. Skylar was utilized on the WPD SWAT Team, WPD Drug Task Force, and Uniform Patrol. She has experience on all kinds of vehicle searches, residential and commercial search warrants, school searches, airport searches and jail searches. She is comfortable in all types of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 52.159508
Retrieved Text: parenting | I am JuJu!
This morning was no different. The morning started off well. Skylar woke up in a pretty good mood which was awesome! After I wake her up, I wait to see what her response is going to be. Some mornings she says “Uggghh! I didn’t sleep well at all!” or “It is 6:34 mom! You woke me up 4 minutes late!” Those mornings I just brace myself for the roller coaster ride that will be our morning. This morning she said “Hi mom! How was your bunco?” I played bunco last night and she was already asleep when I got home. I was thrilled that she woke up in a good mood as I know that our morning should go a bit smoother.
Hailey: You can’t take your medicine before you eat! What are you thinking?
Skylar: Hailey! How dare you speak to me like that! You are not my mother!
Hailey: Shame on you Skylar. Don’t ever speak to me like that.
Skylar: Mom!!! Hailey is being rude to me!
Me: Seriously? Both of you cut it out. Skylar, finish getting ready. Hailey, stop telling Skylar what to do. Your dad and I have it under control.
Hailey: Clearly, she needs more help mom!
Oh my! I’m not sure why, but Hailey has taken it upon herself to be an additional parent figure to Skylar, which Skylar absolutely can’t stand. I feel like a broken record that constantly repeats “Hailey, quit bossing your sister around. Hailey, we are taking care of it. Hailey, stop parenting Skylar”. I must say

########
Rank: 15
Score: 52.15748
Retrieved Text: That's it! One random commenter during this tour will win the first gift card. Visit more blogs for more chances to win--the full list of participating bloggers can be found HERE. The other two prizes will be given out via Rafflecopter. You can find the contest entry form linked below or on the official Skylar Wishes tour page via Novel Publicity. Good luck!
About the book: Grace is the only one who remembers the truth—that comets are the source of extraordinary destinies. Since their last night together, all memory of their comets and their old powers has abandoned Skylar and Alina. All that is left is Alina’s enduring envy for everything Skylar touches, and Alina’s sudden ability to wake up inside of Skylar’s body, if only for a few minutes.
After Alina finally forces her will and switches bodies with Skylar, harsh realities surface. The holes in Skylar’s relationship with Darren are exposed, and Skylar herself becomes seduced by the idea of living two lives at once, and loving two men at once.
Grace might be able to save them, but everything Skylar and Alina know about love has to change. When their comets return, these three women must choose their fate once more.Get Skylar Wishes through Amazon or Barnes & Noble.
About the author: Tina L. Hook grew up in Orlando, Florida where she graduated from Rollins College.
Her debut novel, Enchanted by Starlight, was honored as a Finalist in the Next Generation Indie Book Awards for Science Fiction/Fantasy. She lives in a small town near Nashville with her husband.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 52.130463
Retrieved Text: For Drew Lawson, there isn't anyone else as undeniably off-limits as the addictively sweet, mind-wreckingly beautiful Skylar Sullivan. Hell, she's the very definition of the girl-next-door do-gooder. And while he is officially classified as a white hat hacker by the suit-wearing folks who keep track of that sort of thing, no one would ever say that hat of his is exactly pristine.
So when Skylar's arrival at his doorstep on the roughest night of the year for him every year leads to a downright memorable hotel mishap, an impromptu winter road trip, and the discovery of a secret that could change how she sees him forever, Drew is convinced the universe is on some kind of convoluted mission to thaw his cold, jaded heart.
...Because, lordy, they've certainly sent in a ringer to get the job done right.
Before That Promise is a quick & emotional, short & sweet crossover holiday novella starring two of my favorite secondary characters -- Skylar Sullivan from my Can't Resist series, all grown up, and Drew Lawson from my Cactus Creek series, as swoonworthy as ever (no worries, you don't have to have read either of those series). There's a HFN (happily-for-now) ending, with the second book in this duet (Every Promise Unspoken) picking up a few years down the line for this utterly meant to be couple.
NOTE: Book Two will be released after Violet's medical prognosis improves (she's been on medical leave since January 2017 receiving aggressive new treatments and surgeries for multiple failing organs). We're hopeful that these treatments take and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 51.8991
Retrieved Text: “Class,” said the old teacher in a nasally voice, “we have a new student today, Cletus,” he turned to the 12-year-old boy next to him.
Cletus looked around the classroom nervously.
Oh, thought Cletus, that’s an easy one.
“I come from the land where the mullet attacks,” he said with a bit more confidence. He heard a few sniggers around the classroom.
Mr. Woodings sighed. Another jokester, he thought to himself. He decided to give it another go.
“What do your parents do?” he asked Cletus. The young, Texan boy looked down at his feet, knowing that Mr. Woodings wouldn’t like his answer.
Mr. Woodings was starting to get annoyed. There were more sniggers, mixed in with outright laughter. It wasn’t very often that the group of 7th graders got to hear jokes in Mr. Woodings’s boring history class. Cletus noticed that there was only one person who wasn’t laughing, besides Mr. Woodings. A girl in the back of the class, who had a confused expression on her face, was pressing buttons on what looked like a cell phone. Noticing that Cletus had seen her, she quickly put the phone away.
After going to the principal’s office and having a long talk about “how things are done” here at Lost Mesa Middle School, Cletus sat in lunch alone. Fuming about how nobody believed him, he tore at his slice of pepperoni pizza with his teeth. It bummed him out that there wasn’t any garlic on it. Mikey had always put garlic on any pizza that he made for the rest of them. After

########
Rank: 18
Score: 51.679058
Retrieved Text: which wrestler do you think is the current most wanted for producers & fans?
i think skylar rene in number 1 and amadahy in number 2.
these two wrestlers dominate the net in our days but i think that skylar is the most wanted now because she became more and more popular in only few weeks. she is a superb women and she can wrestler average men in real and scripted videos where she can be the best actress.
Cheyenne Jewel and VeVe Lane are both far better wrestlers, but maybe don't appeal to the casual fans as much. I think that's where F/F fans and F/M fans differ - F/F as a whole, encompasses more competitive action, whereas F/M nearly always smacks of fake/fantasy, IMHO.
It's interesting to watch the rise of certain girls that seem to have the right combination of overall look, attitude, and body. Before Skylar there was Electra, before her ArielX, etc. It seems though that eventually, market becomes saturated with 'em, and another new girl becomes the it girl of the moment. I still love to see Skylar in action, but my heart just jumps when I spot a new talent (that fulfills my ideal amazon criteria) for the very first time (Malice and Sonia Slade recently).
Sonia Slade? It seems she is not on wb270.
It has to be Skylar Renee. I believe she surpasses all due to her latest videos, involvement in several companies including her own skylarenee.com, and her success in the scissor circle. I personally like Amadahy from reality girls, but she

########
Rank: 19
Score: 51.651405
Retrieved Text: Skylar Star is a Adult Model from United States. She is listed on FreeOnes since 2019 and is currently ranked 11422th place. She currently has 2 gallery links in her own FreeOnes section.
Our records show that Skylar Star status is currently unknown which means we are unaware if she is making movies, doing live shows and/or doing photo shoots at this time. If you happen to know what she has been up to let us know.
Currently we have only a few links of Skylar Star. You can help us out by submitting more photos and videos links to Skylar Star galleries.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 51.52824
Retrieved Text: *Are you looking to add a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel puppy or older dog to your family ?
We give guidance on looking for a responsible breeder.
*Do you already have a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel ?
We offer support and advice on health, care and the general well being of your Cavalier.
A friendly and welcoming group with suggestions and helpful tips on everything to do with living with a Cavalier.
Learn about the breed while you wait to get a puppy of your own.
Jan does an amazing job with the dogs, our cavalier loved it. She posted videos of him running around on their huge excellently fenced section on Facebook for us to see how he was going. She knows exactly what she's doing when it comes to dog caring and we know she loves all of her visitors as much as their owners. Thank you again Jan.
Our pup Kona went to stay with Jan for a month and he has come home to us as a happy, confident, mature boy. He has really benefitted from the experience, Jan's TLC and the socialisation with the other cavaliers. We were so excited with his progress since holidaying with Jan that we have decided he needs a mate so Kona is expecting a new brother in the next 2 weeks. I can't rate Jan's care highly enough and we will definitely be utilising there services on a regular basis for our boys.
My two little girls absolutley love staying with Jan. I was a little nervous about leaving them with someone however

########
Rank: 21
Score: 51.45726
Retrieved Text: "It's all going to be worth it."
We asked 13-year-old Kristina and 17-year-old Skylar what their dream makeover would look like.
Kristina expressed her love for the ’40s and wanted to be styled as a pinup girl.
Skylar was hoping that this makeover would give him a better idea of what styles worked best for him.
Kristina reflected on her experience transitioning, saying she realized very early on that she identified with feminine things and started to transition in the sixth grade.
They both said that being transgender at a young age had its challenges.
"I got bullied for not fitting in, the clothes I wore, my ethnicity, and my weight," Skylar said.
...it was like they were looking in the mirror and seeing the person they always saw in themselves.
And nothing else mattered besides who they were at that moment.
Look at how fabulous they looked!
...transitioning for them was fulfilling in every way imaginable.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 51.446945
Retrieved Text: Skylar is watching Hayao Miyazaki's Spirited Away in the front room. She has been getting increasingly interested in anime and manga lately, with Studio Ghibli's releases at the top of her list. I find repeat viewing of Miyazaki's films very rewarding because, in addition to being spectacularly beautiful examples of the animator's art, they are astonishingly complex from a narrative standpoint. His plots consistently manage to evade the ruts in which films aimed at both children and adults usually get bogged down.
And I think that's good for the people who watch them. The other day Skylar recounted a dream that she'd had the night before, which she said she'd remembered well because it was so strange. In it, she was on the playground at school. The boys, though, appeared in the shape of dogs. And she herself was not human, but, in her words, "a smoke spirit." Only her best friend looked and acted like herself.
"There were these little copies of paintings. She needed to go through the one that looks like the Mona Lisa, but the only way she could do it was if she cried," Skylar noted. "Because she was laughing, other paintings were there instead. I kept trying to make her cry, so she could go through the Mona Lisa." Eventually, passage through this unlikely portal was achieved and both Skylar and her best friend found themselves in the Louvre.
"There was a big costume party going on," she continued. "The weird part was that there was this yellow and white beehive hairdo I

########
Rank: 23
Score: 51.215687
Retrieved Text: I don't have much to say right now. I've got a cold. And I'm so doped up on antihistamine and Sudafed -- it's a bad allergy season -- that I can't think straight.
But I did have fun taking Skylar on her field trip to Flandrau Planetarium, where she demonstrated her astonishing memory -- she'd only been there once before -- by ticking off the names of various rocks to her teacher, parent chaperones, and any pre-school classmates who would stand still long enough to listen.
After the planetarium show, Skylar went up to the college student who gave the presentation and announced, gravely, "At my Nana and Papa's house, I saw a show on our galaxy that talked about black holes. They swallow light and matter."
The young woman calmly replied that scientists think that there might be a black hole at the center of every galaxy, but that many of them now believe that some light can escape from a black hole. "Maybe you can be a scientist when you grow up and find out," she told Skylar.
Skylar turned away. "I want to be a ballerina when I grow up."
That was the highlight of the day. Kim and Skylar swam at the J while I played basketball. I didn't do as well as I did on Saturday, but was still better than my average. It's amazing what a little upper body strength can do for your inside game.
After we got home, I was briefly overcome with paranoid delusions that cast a serious pall over the rest of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 51.039745
Retrieved Text: Blessed among the Mess: The Big FOUR!
My sweet Skylar is four today. Not to be cliche, but when birthdays roll around, I always feel like time is moving too fast for me. This past year she moved from being a toddler into a precious little girl. Here's a look back on the last four years.
She also climbs on everything and jumps off of anything (but I somehow manage to NOT take pictures of that!). She is a fantastic sister! She is incredibly bright and creative. She's pretty fearless when it comes to trying something new (including food). She is my little sunshine and snuggler and I can't imagine our family without her. She is quite a spunky monkey and we love her so much!!
Happy Birthday our sweet girl!!
Fantastic post - Happy Birthday Skylar! Love all of the pictures and Emily has that shirt from the swing picture and I adore it!
I'm about to cry!! Happy birthday Skylar...must show Camper this post. ;o) Did our gift arrive yet? that last is my favorite...oh those blue, blue eyes!
Adorable! Happy Birthday Skylar :) Fun that I got to see her in the hospital when she was born!!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 51.031372
Retrieved Text: Blood Passage is the electrifying second book in the Dark Caravan Cycle—a modern jinni fantasy-adventure trilogy from author Heather Demetrios, perfect for fans of Laini Taylor's Daughter of Smoke and Bone series and Leigh Bardugo's Grisha Trilogy.
When Nalia arrives in Morocco to fulfill Malek's third and final wish, she's not expecting it to be easy. Especially because Malek isn't the only one after Solomon's sigil, an ancient magical ring that gives its wearer the power to control the entire jinn race. Nalia has also promised to take Raif, leader of the jinn revolution, to its remote location. Though Nalia is free of the bottle and shackles that once bound her to Malek as his slave, she's in more danger than ever before and no closer to rescuing her imprisoned brother.
Meanwhile, Malek's past returns with a vengeance, and his well-manicured facade crumbles as he confronts the darkness within himself; and Raif must decide what's more important: his love for Nalia or his devotion to the cause of Arjinnan freedom.
For fans of Laini Taylor’s Daughter of Smoke and Bone series and Leigh Bardugo’s Grisha Trilogy comes the first book in the Dark Caravan Cycle, a modern fantasy-adventure trilogy about a gorgeous, fierce eighteen-year-old jinni who is pitted against two magnetic adversaries, both of whom want her—and need her—to make their wishes come true.
If seventeen-year-old Skylar Evans were a typical Creek View girl, her future would involve a double-wide trailer, a baby on her hip, and the graveyard shift at Taco Bell. But after graduation, the only thing standing

########
Rank: 26
Score: 50.525116
Retrieved Text: One of our clients recently adopted an Ibizan hound named Skylar. Skylar came to vist us for a wellness check shortly after she was picked up at the airport. Her upbeat attitude and instant connection to her new family was obvious and has made for a very happy new story for Skylar. Julie was kind enough to share some photos and a little bit of information about her experience with the podenco rescue and her new dog, Skylar with us!
For more information about Ibizan Hound rescue, take a look at the Galgos del Sol rescue website.
Thank you, thank you! You saved Sandstreak’s life. Three weeks ago, I called because I was worried about our little Russian Tortoise, who has been with us for two years. Normally, he’s quite active and has a healthy appetite. But now, suddenly (within a day), he wasn’t moving at all and had swollen eyelids and bubbles around his mouth. Elisa, who answered the phone, said that this was an emergency and that I should bring him in right away. Half an hour later, you were examining him and expressing great concern. He was very sick with a respiratory infection. You gave him fluid and prescribed antibiotic injections, taking care to figure out just the right dose and course of treatment. I went home with a bottle of antibiotic, a bag full of syringes and needles, a dietary supplement, detailed instructions on how to care for him, and with a fear that he was going to die. Well, three days later, I

########
Rank: 27
Score: 50.485283
Retrieved Text: Skylar Drake, the owner of Relate & Revel Coaching, was introduced to me from a business associate here in Denver. We met up for coffee and discussed our lives’ passions, mission, and vision and discovered common interests in serving the human heart. She is passionate about addressing her clients needs when it comes to a lack of confidence and worth in who that authentic self is for them.
Skylar is also passionate about bringing real connection and intimacy to the digital age. Her private coaching and class offerings are designed to help others tackle the mindset and personal roadblocks that would prevent them from enjoying the authentic, empowering, and intimate relationships that they deserve.
The major take aways I learned from my conversation with Skylar Drake are….
6:00- We are (voluntarily) asking people to judge us, and hope they judge us positively.
33:30- Well being is acting in a state of love for yourself!
Skylar is an active member of the Denver entrepreneurial scene and am always exploring new opportunities to connect with like-minded folks; you can find me at soulful networking events, wellness gatherings, happy hours, and anywhere there’s empowering conversation to be had.
Currently, she is reading Big Magic by Elizabeth Gilbert, and just finished White Hot Truth by Danielle Laporte. You can also find her on a trail with my pup Rory or snapping pictures of the gorgeous street art around Denver.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 50.373055
Retrieved Text: 1. Skylar loves classic literature, especially gothic romance by the Brontes. My tastes are more eclectic.
#Okay – “eclectic” is a nice way of putting it. Some of those paperbacks I got from the used book store? They were Judith Krantz novels (I was teenager by then, and my mom was always pretty liberal about what she allowed me to read.) There was other, more literary fare, but honestly, I was just never as intellectual as Skylar. I did read some “literature” by choice, like Animal Farm, The Stranger, and lots of plays from a big book of classic drama that I got one year for Christmas. But mostly, I read popular fiction.
Of course, there’s merit to all sorts of reading, no matter what your tastes are. But writing styles have changed over the years, and so have our attention spans. Let’s face it; classic literature is harder to read than most modern, mainstream fiction is. A lot of the words are unfamiliar, the sentences are long and often flowery, and back when the Brontes wrote their novels, there wasn’t this insane expectation for authors to grab their reader’s attention from the very first line. Back then, books took longer to get into, and readers were willing to plod along for a little while, slowly getting into a novel.
So, I admit that even now, when I’m reading for fun, I like a novel that’s easy to get into. This was true when I was Skylar’s age and it’s still true now. That said, this year I’m teaching

########
Rank: 29
Score: 50.19174
Retrieved Text: That moment when the image of Skylar's gorgeous bolero appeared in front of me, I knew this Chesapeake bridal session was going to be a gem to share. Bride Skylar contacted Sarah of Sarah Street Photography only a few short weeks before her wedding. She wasn't originally going to have bridals taken (it was almost as if she had read into the future and saw our Tuesday Tidbits on Bridal Portraits!), but she wanted to have no regrets as there aren't very many times you can wear a bridal gown!
At the ripe temperature of 35 degrees, it was a very cold afternoon, but you would have never known it by how radiant Skylar looked. Between her family friend's farm, the gown, soft wintry bolero, and her Badgley Mischka heels, she was picture perfect.
Skylar and her hubby were married late November in Williamsburg, so we wish them much happiness as newlyweds!

================



======= Instance Index 27474 =========
Input Text: Context: Carson and Aubrey are dating. Aubrey is out with friends when they see Carson kissing another person. Aubrey is heartbroken.

Question: What will Aubrey do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Treat Carson to dinner with the new person

B: take Aubry on a date

C: Confront Carson about what they saw

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 65.87951
Retrieved Text: Was dating fox is an italian-american disc jockey. As a professional dating service mate your zest for those who've tried and america. Paul delvecchio, 2009 is best known by his fair share of the celebrity dating. Sources say it's rob kardashian, also known for jersey shore. Cast: pauly d dating for aspiring artists in mind. Home aubrey o' day says she's yet to debut a father. Its season premiere of pauly and dj pauly d dating show where speed dating coach, which. Its season finale, jersey shore after the two fist-pumping shore. Dj pauly d and pauly d became paul's main source for his jersey shore?
Her relationship with aubrey without her interest in february. Indeed, and the trailer for new dating show. Radiotoxic and aubrey o'day have called it was https://mrlibertine.com/fifth-harmony-dating-each-other/ pauly d are now? Television personality pauly d delvecchio of the set up. Though she's yet to watch the upcoming reality show, upon hearing that time spent clubbing with beautiful people.
Did you know amanda reportedly hooked up at a new again madeleine davies. He is one of a new again madeleine davies. 'S reality show free love dating show became paul's main source for new dating. Meanwhile, but she and pauly d and pauly d, age, learning.
Love-Struck, in the housemates were starring on another reality show. So what happened https://elledgelandscape.com/ aubrey o'day getting married. I'm laid back and get on 'marriage boot camp'. Jersey shore star met on new reality show is 'more famous' than her relationship with pauly d is. Groupies and pauly d

########
Rank: 1
Score: 64.418655
Retrieved Text: Aubrey Mathews was a tan skinned brunette with the nicest legs, in the San Fernando valley. Her life was normal and sorta boring, she never gloated about her achievements and was never too humble. She never dated and was a really bubbly people person, her life dramatically changed when she met Peyton.
Peyton was a tall blonde with the brightest blue eyes in California, and she was openly a lesbian. Which attracted all they guys to her, so they could see which one of them could "change" her mind about only liking girls. She never thought twice about it.... Especially when Aubrey would look at her like she's the only thing alive.
Paiten Hearth hates the way Anna Carson makes her feel. Firstly because she's into boys and secondly, that's her father's new girlfriend.
© dzangiewrites 2016. all rights reserved.
*just an idea I had*                                             Taylor and Cara meet at the rehearsals for the Victoria Secret fashion show and feel something spark from their first meeting. Secretly they discover the love they've been looking for all along. It won't be easy but it's worth it.
Cassie Lee Turner is an intelligent and ordinary nineteen year old college student. She knows that she will do her internship in Swift Enterprises Holdings Inc. But after Taylor, the beautiful, young

########
Rank: 2
Score: 61.59294
Retrieved Text: Paul "Pauly D" DelVecchio of Jersey Shore fame has never really lacked romantic that time spent clubbing with his costars on the show is also sometimes spent dancing with girls and.
Pauly D dating show (shore) submitted 7 months ago * by Lyst83 After the last episode, I feel like we could end up getting a Pauly D dating show where .
Aubrey O'Day says that her relationship with Pauly D was suffocating Before the explosive season premiere of their hit reality show on Sept.
Aubrey O'Day Confirms She's Dating Pauly D! ''We Connect in a Really Interesting Way''—All the Details on Their Romance Shows, Pauly D, Aubrey O'Day, Couples, Exclusives, Top Stories. Show.
DJ Pauly D and Aubrey O'Day first started dating in after meeting “The show is about all of us coming together, dating, learning through.
We love a good dating competition this time of year. You Can Now Enter to Win a Date With Pauly D Because Finding a Guy on But clearly he's taking matters into his own hands now with what could possibly be a potential reality show.
Aubrey O'Day on the 'Rules' In Her Relationship With Pauly D: your stories don' t become yours the second that they call wrap on a show.
Pauly D also added that he and Sophie, 28, do plan on keeping in touch. Is Pauly D ready for marriage? He reportedly showed a more serious side during the Jersey Show reunion show.
Watch video · Celebrity Joe Jonas, Pauly D To Appear On Dating Show 'The Choice' Jonas Brother and 'Jersey Shore' star

########
Rank: 3
Score: 60.609715
Retrieved Text: In this episode of Celebrity ASMR, Aubrey Plaza whispers as she plays with her own hair, fiddles with a make-up bag, strokes peacock feathers, eats cornflakes and squeezes a stuffed cat while meowing. Aubrey recalls learning improv from Chris Gethard at the Upright Citizens Brigade, kissing Ellie Kemper, getting fired from the NBC Page Program, her role in 'Funny People', playing April Ludgate on 'Parks and Recreation' and Lenny Busker in 'Legion'. See more of Aubrey in Season 2 of Legion on FX.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 59.93941
Retrieved Text: The name Aubrey was brought to England in the great wave of migration following the Norman Conquest of 1066. The Aubrey family lived in Brecknock, Wales, where Sir Reginald Aubrey was granted lands in 1088. The name is topographic in origin and indicates that its original bearer once lived in a place planted with elder trees. The name also may be derived from a batismal name meaning "the son of Aubrey." In this case, the name would have been Albreda in the feminine form and Aubrey in the masculine form.
The surname Aubrey was first found in Brecknock in Wales where Sir Reginald Aubrey was granted lands in 1189. According to historians the first records was of "Saint Aubrey of the blood royal of France".
This web page shows only a small excerpt of our Aubrey research.
Another 110 words (8 lines of text) covering the years 1189, 1273, 1379, 1500, 1529, 1595, 1553, 1559, 1606, 1679, 1650, 1700, 1698, 1700, 1685, 1680, 1743, 1626 and 1697 are included under the topic Early Aubrey History in all our PDF Extended History products and printed products wherever possible.
Endless spelling variations are a prevailing characteristic of Norman surnames. Old and Middle English lacked any definite spelling rules, and the introduction of Norman French added an unfamiliar ingredient to the English linguistic stew. French and Latin, the languages of the court, also influenced spellings. Finally, Medieval scribes generally spelled words according to how they sounded, so one person was often referred to by different spellings in different documents. The name has been

########
Rank: 5
Score: 59.659756
Retrieved Text: Tamarra and Aubrey met while they were in highschool. Aubrey was a senior and Tamarra was a sophomore at the time. Tamarra actually remembers seeing Aubrey when she was a freshman, and she thought he was cute that she actually took a picture of Aubrey and he has no idea didn’t, to this day he still jokes about it. Once they became friends that realized that they had the same tastes in music, anime, and tv shows. Tamarra and Aubrey would stay on the phone all hours of the night sometimes not even talking just enjoying the company. The now soon to be Mr. and Mrs. actually stopped talking for a year due to some life events. However in the wake of losing a loved one Tamarra and, and it brought them closer than ever before. Eight years later these two are still going strong!
We celebrated their engagement at one of their favorite places in Baltimore Maryland The Sound Garden! Tamarra and Aubreyloooveee spending their free time here together on the weekends buy movies, listening to music and just enjoying each others company. I am so glad that included such an important location to them as a couple. After we finished hanging out in The Sound Garden, they showed me around Fells Point. Y’all this area was so dang cute (I mean just check out the harbor y’all cue heart eyes here) and Tamarra and Aubrey legit made the most out of their windy day engagement session! You can feel the love radiating from these two

########
Rank: 6
Score: 59.55573
Retrieved Text: A Georgia teen who vanished from his high school two years ago has been found safe and he wants his loved ones to know he was just out having a good time.
Aubrey Carroll was last seen leaving Spalding High School in May 2016 and his subsequent absence had reportedly caused his family a great deal of anguish.
But this week, Aubrey reappeared with a message for those who worried about him all this time.
"Hey, my name is Aubrey Carroll. It’s nice to see y’all," Aubrey says in a video that was posted on the Spalding County Sheriff’s Facebook page Tuesday.
As part of their long-running investigation into his disappearance, investigators say they learned Aubrey, now 17, traveled extensively with a group of people who live solely on cash made through bartering.
“They basically looked like a group of people from the Woodstock era in their clothing and life style,” Sheriff Darrell Dix said.
They also learned that Aubrey was using an assumed name and that he had a Facebook page under that name.
"We also found out that over the time since Aubrey left he had no less than five personal contacts with law enforcement agencies ranging from Alabama to Arizona under his assumed identity," the Spalding County Sheriff's Office said in a statement.
Once they knew Aubrey was alive and well, investigators reached out to his family. To prevent him from going back into hiding, authorities and Aubrey's family decided to wait until he had another interaction with police before trying to arrange a reunion.
However, someone in Aubrey's family tipped him

########
Rank: 7
Score: 59.437153
Retrieved Text: NPR's Allison Aubrey has more.
ALLISON AUBREY: So what did you have for breakfast here this morning?
M: Coffee and a scone.
M: Coffee and a croissant.
AUBREY: Oh, that's a good breakfast.
AUBREY: What is it, actually?
M: It's like bacon, egg and cheese in like, a bread roll.
AUBREY: With a few layers of sausage thrown in, too.
M: Yeah, it's probably going to cut a couple years off my life. But I mean, it's really good, so I'm enjoying myself right now. You should get one, actually.
AUBREY: Beegah says he usually does not eat this way. At home, he wouldn't think of loading up on triple portions of fatty foods for breakfast. But traveling, being on the go - it turns out Beegah's brain is processing food differently than if he were having a quiet meal in his own kitchen. The sensory overload can really throw off judgment, or inure us to the sensation of feeling full. Scientists are just beginning to understand how this disruption works.
LUDDEN: I think there are lots of factors that come together to ultimately influence how much we eat.
AUBREY: Higgs recently measured the differences between people who ate their lunch mindfully - paying attention to each bite of food - compared to people who watched TV or worked on their computers while eating.
LUDDEN: When people are distracted from their lunch, we find that given the opportunity later in the day to consume cookies, they actually eat more cookies than if they weren't distracted when they ate their lunch.
M: We also, though, found an intriguing link between

########
Rank: 8
Score: 58.98816
Retrieved Text: Aubrey was 14 years old when she was at Northwest Passage, in January 2013. She came to Prairieview struggling with schizoaffective disorder, which is a mental health “condition in which a person experiences a combination of schizophrenia symptoms – such as hallucinations or delusions – and mood disorder symptoms, such as mania or depression” (mayoclinic.org).
Today, Aubrey is attending Harford Union High School half days and helping her mom clean houses after school sometimes. She is getting along with her family very well and they spend a lot of time together doing many things like hiking, taking pictures, making jewelry, and cooking. She has made several friends, who she enjoys spending time with but it can be difficult because Aubrey and her friends are all busy with jobs and schoolwork.
During her stay with us she learned to use coping skills and has discovered that many of them work well for her out in the community. She takes pictures, walks, journals, and uses mindful skills every day. “If I am nervous in school or at home, or even in busy stores, I use music or deep breathing to stay calm,” explained Aubrey.
Right now she is focused on finishing high school this year and wants to keep pursing photography.
Northwest Passage is mindful of where are kids go after they graduate from our programs. In our nearly 40 years of development, we have learned that real, sustainable change occurs when our clients connect with their community, explore their identity, develop their passions, appreciate time in nature, attend to their relationships,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 58.571
Retrieved Text: Twenty-four hours after suffering its first loss of the season, the McDowell Lady Titans junior varsity basketball team got back on the winning track as they held off the Mitchell Lady Mountaineers 44-16 Wednesday afternoon in non-conference action at Titan Gym.
McDowell (6-1) jumped out to a 13-2 advantage after one quarter of play and gradually expanded its margin throughout the rest of the game. A total of eight players scored in the game with Payton Koone scoring a game-high 12 points.
Marianna Carson came off the bench and scored eight points. Madi Smith (4 rebounds) added seven points. Clementine Miller chipped in six points and Aubrey Goode had five points.
Cassie Banks and Aubrey Harris netted two points each and Sydney Strode (5 rebounds) scored one point.
The McDowell Titans received a balanced effort in a 10-point win against Mitchell in junior varsity boys action.
Gavin Davis scored 11 points and Zavion Bianchini added 10 points to give the Titans a pair of scorers in double figures.
Colby Effler had eight points. Jandon Robbins scored five points. Mason McPeters, Riley Moore and Josh Smith finished with two points apiece.
McDowell returns to Northwestern 3A/4A action this afternoon at Alexander Central (4 p.m. jayvee girls start, auxiliary gym).

########
Rank: 10
Score: 58.552444
Retrieved Text: She is known as a comedian actress. The movie is always relaxing and funny if she takes part in it. She seems light minded but in fact she is a strong and hard working person, who had to struggle for her success.
Aubrey Christina Plaza was born in 1984, on the 26th of June. Her birthplace is Wilmington, Delaware, so she is American, although she has Irish and Puerto Rican roots. Her mother, Bernadette Plaza, made her fortune as an attorney. Her father, David Plaza, was a stockbroker.
The future star grew up with two younger sisters, Natalie and Renee. Later she told that her sister Natalie was her inspiration and the prototype for her heroines.
Aubrey has an unusual name. She told it was her mother, who invented this strange name. Thus the song of her favorite band was called.
From the very childhood the girl showed her talent to acting. She attended Ursuline Academy. After that she entered Tisch School of the Arts, where she got Bachelor degree. During her studying at school, Aubrey had a sudden stroke and was contemporary paralyzed. She recovered but this event was shocking for Aubrey. She felt that she had got another chance and should use it to make something important in her life.
Aubrey Plaza started her career in 2004. At first she was a theater actress. A year later she got the role in TV series “Criminal Minds”. In 2006 she participated in “CollegeHumor Originals”. Producers noticed the talent of an actress to make people laugh. Thus gradually Aubrey was turned

########
Rank: 11
Score: 58.426952
Retrieved Text: Several months ago terrorists began to attack military and civilian targets in the United States. The government figured out that the culprits were Lambdas, teenagers who, due to a viral infection, now had superhuman abilities. Federal and state officials then rounded up every teen under the age of twenty and put them into detention camps. All the teens were tested to find out which of them were infected with the virus and which of them had abilities that could make them a threat to national security.
Aubrey and Jack are two of these teens, and they decided that they would rather serve their country than be locked up for who knows how long. Not long ago Aubrey, with her ability to disappear, and Jack, who is super sensitive to smells, sights, taste, and touch, helped to quash a terrorist attack. Now they are training with the military to defeat a much bigger enemy. The Russians have invaded Alaska and they are now in Washington State where they are forcing all the residents to leave.
The Russians have been able to achieve this remarkable feat because they have a weapon that is able to shut down any device that runs on electricity. Ships at sea, planes in the air, vehicles on the ground all grind to a halt (or fall out of the sky) when the device is engaged, and the Americans are scrambling to find out what the weapon is and how to stop it.
The powers that be have decided that Jack, Aubrey and some other teens with

########
Rank: 12
Score: 58.245323
Retrieved Text: PLAYING Exes At Odds: Is Their 4-Year-Old Identifying As A Boy Or Girl?
Exes At Odds: Is Their 4-Year-Old Identifying As A Boy Or Girl?
Michelle and Kyle’s baby, Aubrey, was born intersex, with ambiguous genitalia and chromosomes indicating that she was 70 percent more male than female. But in consultation with Aubrey’s doctors, Michelle and Kyle decided on surgery to have Aubrey be female, the birth certificate indicates that Aubrey is a female, and for the first three years of Aubrey’s life, her parents raised her as a girl.
Now divorced and with shared custody of Aubrey, who’s 4, the exes are at odds over which gender Aubrey identifies with and how they should raise her.
But Kyle says Aubrey prefers girl toys, girl clothes, and her pink Hello Kitty bedding. “When Aubrey is with me, Aubrey likes to act like a girl,” he says. “Michelle needs to take a look at that birth certificate and see that Aubrey is female. She shouldn’t be trying to change that,” says Kyle, who is remarried to a woman named Brittany, who wrote in to Dr. Phil for help.
How can this child thrive when the parents, Dr. Phil believes, are each running their own agenda? Watch more here.
Mama's Little Boy or Daddy's Little Girl: Identity Confusion or Brainwashing?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 56.89851
Retrieved Text: ‘Double Shot At Love’ just went there. Pauly D was entirely caught off guard when an emotional contestant confronted him about a rumor that he cheated on his ex, Aubrey O’Day… and points get heated. See his response in this new preview!
Meanwhile, Pauly is even now going on about how cheating while in a connection is pointless. “You did it once it is around,” he claims to Marissa. “You’ll never ever be able to trust the person… It is crazy.” And, Marissa agrees, ahead of Holly chimes in.
“I have to chat to you about a thing,” she says to Pauly. “When I was at Starline Ballroom an individual told me that — like I was close friends with a bouncer — he said, ‘Oh, he cheated on Aubrey a person evening,’” she remembers.
At this place, Pauly is obviously stunned by the accusation. “Oh hell no. I don’t cheat,” he tells Holly. She appears to quickly regret her conclusion to speak up about what she’d listened to. “I really don’t want to put you on the spot,” she claims in an endeavor to clean matters around. But, a disgusted Pauly isn’t owning any of it.
The clip ends with Pauly receiving up and strolling away as Holly is visibly upset. “I experienced to question,” she states in a tearful confessional, explaining that she “wanted to tackle it.” She points out, I just needed to be trustworthy with the male that I appreciate, but I just feel like I retain f–king up.” Holly then puts her head down in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 56.759468
Retrieved Text: This is a placeholder page for Aubrey Stone, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Aubrey Stone.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Aubrey Stone. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Aubrey Stone. We created this page automatically in hopes Aubrey Stone would find it. If you are not Aubrey Stone, but are an alumni of Dripping Springs High School, register on this site for free now.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 56.62302
Retrieved Text: Amazon made its first appearance at the Search Marketing Expo (SMX) conference series in New York this week, marking a dramatic year for Amazon Marketing Services in particular. That’s in part because in its first appearance in a report from analytics firm Advertiser Perceptions, Amazon Advertising Platform was rated the most-used DSP – even more than Google’s DoubleClick.
In a session on Tuesday (October 24), Colleen Aubrey, vice president of performance advertising at Amazon Marketing Services, pointed to Amazon’s notorious customer obsession principle and said that’s why Amazon Marketing Services prioritizes first the customer, then the advertiser and finally the publisher (which, today, is primarily Amazon itself, but also some external sites for display products).
That, in turn, is because if “you build a great experience for the customer, there’s an opportunity to generate great value for the advertiser,” Aubrey said.
Amazon has long focused its customer experience on price, selection and convenience, allowing the ecommerce giant to build what Aubrey called a “pretty engaged customer base.” Indeed, reports say Amazon Prime now has 90 million members in the US alone. And, per Amazon’s figures, 92% of shoppers who start their purchase journey on Amazon end up making their purchase through Amazon.
“Without an engaged customer base, the ability to offer [a] compelling [product] as an advertiser is not there,” Aubrey said.
Amazon started working on a CPC offering a decade ago and has since iterated with different ad products, including text-based ads.
“We learned brands struggled to drive discovery within the Amazon experience, which led to the creation of products going

########
Rank: 16
Score: 56.539497
Retrieved Text: Let Me In is the third book to Erin McCarthy’s Blurred Lines series and in the third book it’s all about Aubrey and Riker.
Aubrey getting out of a horrible relationship. I can’t stand to read about characters staying in a relationship where violence is involved. It take a while for her to leave the relationship, but she finally decided to get out of it after getting seriously injured.
Riker’s character is very secretive in the story, but I really liked his character and how protective he was of Aubrey. He may have skeletons in the closet, but he definitely was a better person to Aubrey then her previous person in her life. He took care of Aubrey so well in the story.
The secondary characters who actually were in the previous stories. I love being reunited with previous characters.
Riker and Aubrey’s relationship went really fast. It wasn’t really insta-love. It was a relationship that just went too fast. Some of it was kind of unbelievable with how fast it went.
Aubrey complaining and always getting on Riker. I kept telling myself, please Aubrey stop pushing Riker. You’re going to lose him.
How a certain secondary character reacted to Aubrey hanging out with Riker, but I could’ve definitely understand why she did react the way she did. I probably would’ve reacted the same way to my best friend hooking up with someone so quickly.
The ending went too fast. I think the villain in the story got away too easily. He deserved so much more.
I give this book 3.5 stars and recommend

########
Rank: 17
Score: 56.417328
Retrieved Text: Nov. 1, 2018 7:55 a.m.
Local fire departments attribute Wednesday’s smoky skies to a controlled burn near Sooke.
They took to social media to inform residents.
“This smoke is drifting out from the Westshore into @saanich and @CityOfVictoria the smoke index is high at the moment. There are no active fires here,” Saanich fire tweeted.
Langford Fire Department Chief Chris Aubrey said they started getting calls about smoke in that community around 2:30 p.m. Wednesday.
Aubrey said the department sent people out to look for the source of the smoke but didn’t find anything in the area. They were told by BC Forest Service that there were controlled burns between Shirley and Sooke.
Aubrey also said it is suspected the burns were coming from a Timber West property, although that has yet to be confirmed.
By 5:30 p.m., Aubrey said the smoke cleared up and the air quality index changed just in time for families to go trick-or-treating.
Aubrey said the Langford Fire detachment was “inundated” with calls from residents about the smoke.
In the future, Aubrey said he advises residents to only call 9-1-1 if they see flames or a distinct column of smoke. He said it can take a lot of time and energy to field several calls.
“We’re thankful for the public vigilance,” Aubrey said.
POLL: How often does your family use BC Ferries?
Should B.C. lower speed limits on side roads to 30 km/h?
© 2019, Victoria News and Black Press Group Ltd.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 56.14544
Retrieved Text: This is a placeholder page for Aubrey Benevidos, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Aubrey Benevidos.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Aubrey Benevidos. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Aubrey Benevidos. We created this page automatically in hopes Aubrey Benevidos would find it. If you are not Aubrey Benevidos, but are an alumni of Diamond Bar High School, register on this site for free now.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 56.093983
Retrieved Text: Germany. Wilhelm and Brian host Inas, a refugee from Syria, in Berlin. Photo © Aubrey Wade / UNHCR.
Hundreds of thousands of people sought refuge in Europe during the last year, with most fleeing conflicts, persecution and human rights violations in the near and middle east. The events of recent months have made many people feel unsettled but they have sparked also an unprecedented readiness to help, and engendered feelings of solidarity. Here in Berlin, and across Europe, people have invited refugees to live with them in their own homes.
In his “No Stranger Place” series, the documentary photographer Aubrey Wade and his assistant Stjepan Sedlar document these new friendship and family constellations in Germany, Austria and Sweden.
Through his portraits and the accompanying stories, the photographer offers a personal insight into their lives together. In the process, the boundaries between locals and refugees dissolve, and it is the people and their relationships with one another that come into focus. The portraits show curiosity, solidarity and openness, each a significant characteristic of the civil society engagement in the three countries.
It is easy to forget within the current political climate that it is ordinary people, of all walks of life, who are making a decisive contribution to the process of integration. “In addition to work and education, it is the valuable social and cultural exchange between locals and refugees that makes strangers become fellow human beings, neighbours and friends,” said UNHCR representative Katharina Lumpp in Berlin.
No Stranger Place was developed by Aubrey Wade in partnership with UNHCR, the UN Refugee

########
Rank: 20
Score: 56.04296
Retrieved Text: Aubrey Hulbert (‘18) hails from Reno, Nev. Hulbert studies biology with a minor in Mathematics. She transferred to Clark for her sophomore year.
Scarlet: What got you into rowing?
Aubrey: My dad. He wanted me to do a sport that was going to be a little harder when I first came here. He brought me over to the coach and he introduced me and said, “She’ll do nicely for the team!” Other than that, it seemed like a sport that would be interesting to do because I had never done it before.
Scarlet: What is the biggest misconception people have about rowing at Clark?
Aubrey: The biggest misconception about rowing is, essentially, what a boat is. They think we are sitting in a boat. They don’t think of it as people being in a boat and rowing in synchronization, they usually imagine us just using our arms, not so much the legs, and [don’t know] how important the legs are.
Scarlet: What exactly goes into a regatta?
Aubrey: In crew, there are two seasons: spring and fall. In the fall, races are usually about 5K. For the spring, it is usually a 2K row. Those are the usual events in the regatta. There are sideline areas for spectators to go. They usually see the whole line and they will be able to see the boats as they race down the river.
Scarlet: Was the team welcoming to you as a transfer student?
Aubrey: Yes, yes, absolutely. Let’s see, when I first got on I was introduced to the captain and the whole squad. I

########
Rank: 21
Score: 55.786053
Retrieved Text: Here's a surprising side effect of being bitten by a tick - tick bites can cause many diseases. And if you're bitten by a lone star tick, you could develop a food allergy. This problem is spreading as the tick's range expands. NPR's Allison Aubrey reports.
ALLISON AUBREY, BYLINE: One day last summer, Laura Stirling took her dog Gunner for a walk on a trail near her house. She lives in Severna Park, Md. Later that evening, she realized she'd bitten by a tick.
LAURA STIRLING: I found it 3 or 4 inches to the left of my hip bone and didn't think anything of it. I just took it off and threw it away.
AUBREY: But about three weeks later, she ate an Italian-style pork sausage for dinner and had a horrible reaction.
STIRLING: I would say it was probably six hours after I ate it. It was in the middle of the night. And I woke up covered in hives.
AUBREY: She was itching and scratching. She felt lightheaded. She also noticed stomach aches. So she went to see an allergist.
STIRLING: He asked me, did you change your detergent? Did you change anything in your diet? And I said no. And he said, in the last month, were you bitten by a tick? And I said yes.
AUBREY: After a blood test, the allergist told her she was allergic to red meat and maybe dairy, too.
STIRLING: I thought it was completely crazy because I've eaten dairy and I've eaten red meat all my life.
SCOTT COMMINS: We're confident that the number

########
Rank: 22
Score: 55.762856
Retrieved Text: Actor, writer, and comedian Aubrey Plaza is quickly becoming one of her generation’s brightest young talents. Plaza currently stars in NBC Emmy nominated and critically acclaimed comedy series “Parks and Recreation” as the deadpan and witty April Ludgate. She also starred in the movie ”The To-Do List” as a high school grad who makes it her mission to gain more sexual experience before heading off to college. Written and directed by Maggie Carey, the film was touted as the female version of “Superbad.” Bill Hader, Andy Samberg, and Rachel Bilson co-star.
Plaza also starred in the indie film “Safety Not Guaranteed,” which follows two magazine employees on an assignment to interview a man who placed a classified ad seeking a companion for time travel. Jay and Mark Duplass produced the film and Mark Duplass, Kristen Bell, and Mary Lynn Raskjub also star.
She also starred in “10 Years” opposite Channing Tatum in 2011. Plaza played the role of Olivia, the wife of Brian Geraghty’s character. When the couple goes to his 10-year reunion, Olivia realizes that he is a very different person than he was in high school and that she doesn’t know as much about him as she had initially thought. The film also starred Rosario Dawson, Justin Long, Kate Mara, and Lisa Kudrow.
Plaza’s other movie roles include “Scott Pilgrim vs. The World,” Judd Apatow’s “Funny People” and “Mystery Team.” Plaza also guest starred in an episode of the IFC comedy “Portlandia,” an original comedy series that illustrates the people and values of Portland, Oregon and stars

########
Rank: 23
Score: 55.74982
Retrieved Text: It happened a year ago this month on a blue-sky day filled with false promise of perfection. Aubrey Jensen, 17, and her 14-year-old sister, Alexa, were at a church retreat.
Alexa, a strong swimmer who medaled in the sport in Special Olympics, was in the water. Then — she was gone. And in the minutes that followed, as the terror of what could happen collided with the tragedy of reality, Aubrey felt her heart break.
She and Alexa had a bond: Alexa was a special-needs child with brain damage; Aubrey was the protective big sister who went out of her way to include her little sister.
Count among them her relationship with 10-year-old Gabby Warnock, a fourth-grader at Apollo Elementary in the Issaquah School District. Aubrey, now 18, is a senior at Issaquah High School. Bright, articulate and accomplished, she has a near-perfect 3.95 grade-point average and eight varsity letters. She was a guard on the school basketball team, which finished fifth in the state this year, and a setter on the school’s volleyball team, which also finished fifth in state.
Aubrey was one of six students who helped found a chapter of Athletes For Kids at Issaquah High. The Sammamish-based non-profit, founded in 2001 at Skyline High School, matches children with special needs with high school athletes willing to volunteer as role models and mentors. The program has nearly 100 mentor-athlete volunteers in six Eastside schools.
Three years ago, Aubrey was matched with Gabby, who struggles in school with reading.
Cynthia Warnock, Gabby’s mom, says Aubrey’s impact on Gabby is obvious.
This

########
Rank: 24
Score: 55.659065
Retrieved Text: Aubrey, TX Animal Removal and Wildlife Control experts provide solutions to all types of Nuisance wildlife problems of Aubrey. We are a complete Wildlife Control company specializing in residential and commercial wildlife control services including all aspects of wildlife management, animal control, animal removal, and repairs to structures caused by Aubrey’s wildlife.
Common nuisance wildlife pests of Aubrey include Squirrels, Raccoons, Skunks, Bees, Opossums, Birds, Rodents including rats and mice, deer, geese chipmunks, groundhogs, snakes and many other nuisance wild animals found throughout Denton County Texas. Wildlife animal removal is a FULL SERVICE wildlife removal company that can solve wildlife nuisance conflicts of Aubrey, Texas.
Denton County, Aubrey, Bartonville, Carrollton, Celina, Coppell, Copper Canyon, Corinth, Corral City, Aubrey, Dallas, Aubrey, Dish, Double Oak, Aubrey, Fort Worth, Frisco, Grapevine, Hackberry, Haslet, Hebron, Hickory Creek, Aubrey, Justin, Krugerville, Aubrey, Lake Dallas, Lakewood Village, Lantana, Lewisville, Lincoln Park, Little Elm, Aubrey, Oak Point, Pilot Point, Plano, Ponder, Prosper, Providence Village Town, Roanoke, Sanger, Shady Shores, Southlake The Colony, Trophy Club, and Westlake.
Aubrey Snake Removal experts specialize in removing venomous and nonvenomous snakes found in Aubrey, TX. Snake Control is a specialty service provided by Wildlife Removal companies typical pest control companies are not prepared to handle snakes in an efficient way. Some snake jobs require the physical removal of the actual snake, while others snake removal jobs will be the exclusion or sealing of a home to prevent reentry by snakes such as black rat snakes, copperheads, rattlesnakes and other types of snakes that are known to coexist around homes and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 55.643684
Retrieved Text: A confirmed wallflower, Lady Aubrey Langston didn’t have high hopes for the new season. After a masquerade was announced, a modiste promised Aubrey that she would add some magic to her gown, enough to have men eating out of the palm of her hand. Little did Aubrey know that she would fall for the Duke of Wathersby, her best friend’s almost fiancé. With a shared history of tepid friendship, Aubrey struggles to trust the man who so completely stole her heart.
Bradford, the Duke of Wathersby, wanted to find a bride, and quickly. Preferably one that didn’t drive him mad. Frustrated with the social scene, he longs escape to the country. At least he did until he met the beyond comparable masquerade woman. Driven with a force he had never felt, he wants to make her his forever.
While Aubrey tries to reconcile her fears, an outside force is working to tear them apart. As another woman plots against them, Bradford must do everything in his power to convince Aubrey that she is the woman he wants. Will Aubrey be able to overcome her fears and be able to trust the man she loves, or will their relationship only be another masquerade secret?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 55.33933
Retrieved Text: This page provides guidance for anyone who is thinking about moving to Aubrey and wants to make an objective assessment of what living in Aubrey in 2019 is like. Aubrey livability factors are presented along with descriptions, pictures and maps of moderately priced Aubrey homes that currently are for sale. At the bottom of this page are links to authoritative sources that provide additional general information about living in Aubrey.
Click this best places to live in Dallas link for complete rankings, metrics and analysis methodology.
Aubrey has experienced the fifteenth fastest population growth rate in the Dallas Fort Worth area over the past five years. It also has the sixth lowest overall crime rate of all Dallas suburbs. Some of the ways Aubrey is different from and similar to other Dallas area cities and towns are shown on these best Dallas suburbs and about Dallas suburbs pages.
Aubrey is located in northeast Denton County, approximately 49 miles north of downtown Dallas and 53 miles northeast of downtown Fort Worth. As the DFW metroplex continues to grow and becomes more densely populated, Aubrey's proximity to the Legacy and north Dallas business centers and DFW International Airport is likely to make Aubrey residential real estate even more desirable than it is now for people who need to commute frequently to and from these areas.
School age children who reside in Aubrey are eligible to either Denton ISD or Aubrey ISD schools ... more information about how student performance at the schools attended by Aubrey students compares with other DFW area schools

########
Rank: 27
Score: 55.32557
Retrieved Text: Erik and Aubrey talked about the California Symphony's "Orchestra X" project to better understand user experience purchasing and attending a concert, and the website changes they made based on their findings. They also discussed the California Symphony's disciplined approach to patron communication, as well as their recent Public Organizational Commitment to Diversity across programming, staffing, and the board.
Orchestras are excellent at securing new audiences. It's not a new audience problem, but a retention problem. That's where we fail.
Aubrey Bergauer is the Executive Director of the California Symphony. When Aubrey took over at the California Symphony, it was in rough operational and financial shape. Under her leadership, the company has implemented changes that led to an increase in subscription revenue by over 70%, an increase in audience size by over 70%, and an increase in contributed revenue by over 40%. Using data coupled with a clear strategy and support from the board of directors, she was able to swiftly implement discipline and rigor to how the organization markets, fundraises and communicates with patrons.
Erik Gensler: Thank you so much for being here. I'm really excited to chat with you.
Aubrey Bergauer: Yeah, like wise.
Erik Gensler: So you first came on my radar when I read your blog post, "Orchestra X: The Results." Can you tell me about that project and some of the things that you learned?
Aubrey Bergauer: We decided at the California Symphony, we were going to just talk to people about why they're not coming to the orchestra. And what we did was we put out, the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 55.301796
Retrieved Text: A Medicine That Blunts Opioids Can Help Problem Drinkers, Too : Shots - Health News Naltrexone was approved to treat alcohol disorders more than 20 years ago. But many doctors still don't know that when combined with counseling it can help people resist the urge to drink too much.
A strategy to help problem drinkers cut back, a strategy that involves a prescription drug that's been around for more than 20 years. Here's NPR's Allison Aubrey.
ALLISON AUBREY, BYLINE: Millions of people drink more than they should or want to. And for those who struggle, this may sound familiar.
JOHN: It's hard to admit that you have a problem. I would say, for me, that was the No. 1 thing that held me back initially.
AUBREY: That's John. He asked us not to use his full name. He worries disclosing his trouble with alcohol could affect his career. He says for years, he was a social drinker. He'd grab a few beers with his softball team after a game. But then after several deaths in his family, he sunk into a dark depression.
JOHN: So I definitely tried to seek solace in the bottle, so to speak. You know, I wanted to kind of numb my thoughts.
AUBREY: He'd started about 10 in the morning with hard liquor. He'd pour a glass of vodka and drink it straight up. This went on for months. He works from home, and he continued to do well professionally. So at first, no one noticed. Some afternoons, by the time his family came home, he'd had

########
Rank: 29
Score: 55.01635
Retrieved Text: Aubrey Haskins is the main villainess from "I, Witness", episode 7.13 of Castle.
She was portrayed by Audrey Marie Anderson.
Aubrey Haskins is a lawyer representing Cole Whitfield's company, and as revealed later on, she was a sorority sister of Cole's first wife, Mallory, who tragically died. Aubrey told friends that Cole got away with murder, and she joined Cole's company and plotted revenge on him.
After hearing Cole's second wife, Eva, vent about their marriage, Aubrey contacted her and (along with Robert James) cooked up a plan to ruin Cole. The plan included staging Eva's murder and making it appear that Cole (actually played by Robert) had killed her, which would send Cole to jail and leave his fortune to Eva. The plan was successful, as Castle witnesses the "murder," and Cole is the prime suspect. Aubrey appeared to come to the defense of Cole's mistress, Taylor McKinley, after she faces accusations of conspiracy in Eva's murder.
Eva, however, got cold feet after her role and had planned on coming clean, which led to Aubrey killing Eva in the latter's studio apartment, doing so to keep her quiet. After killing Eva, the evil Aubrey killed Cole at his home, and placed his body hanging from the ceiling to make it look like a suicide. Aubrey's villainous roles were revealed when Castle and Beckett confronted her, as it was revealed that Eva's DNA was found in the trunk of her car. Aubrey was arrested for murdering the Whitfields.

================



======= Instance Index 19076 =========
Input Text: Context: Tracy and their man were together years, but when he met Riley Tracy was dumped and he dated Riley then eventually Riley married Tracy's man.

Question: What will Riley want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: avoid having a family

B: start a family

C: live a miserable life

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 65.84741
Retrieved Text: On June 22, Brenda Tracy will speak to the Nebraska football program about her experience being raped by a group of four men, including three college football players. In 1998, four players were present during Tracy’s assault, two of them Oregon State players under then-head coach Mike Riley. When Riley was still Oregon State’s head coach, he promised Tracy an opportunity to speak to his team and tell her story. After his move to Lincoln, Riley made sure Tracy was aware that his offer was still good (according to Steven M. Sipple of the Lincoln Journal-Star).
She’ll tell them about the four college football players – two of them Beavers – who were present, and the drink she accepted without knowing what was in the cup.
Tracy will try to find the words to explain what it felt like to grow sleepy, then lose consciousness, only to wake up being sexually assaulted by four men. She’ll talk about being terrified, unable to fight back, and how she pleaded with one of them to make it stop.
The assault went on all night, and continued the next morning. Tracy eventually woke up on the floor of the apartment with crumbs, condom wrappers and garbage stuck to her naked body.
“Those men treated me like garbage,” Tracy said.
The stories of how Oregon State and law enforcement officials in Corvallis failed Tracy was described in gut-wrenching detail by Canzano. And it’s more than fair to question Riley about how he responded to those allegations. Tracy summarized how she felt about the inadequacy of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 61.74117
Retrieved Text: WACO, Texas (AP) A woman who said she was raped by two Oregon State football players and two other men in 1998 shared her story with the Baylor football team Monday.
Brenda Tracy's talk with the Bears came two months after a 13-page report said Baylor failed to properly handle accusations of sexual assault, including some against former football players.
After hearing about Baylor's case, Tracy had called for the NCAA to shut down the football program.
Tracy told ESPN Central Texas radio that Baylor football and basketball players were engaged and paying attention, and that she told them that they have an opportunity to exact real change and be an example to follow. She was invited to campus by Baylor acting head football coach Jim Grobe, who replaced Art Briles within days after the report from the Pepper Hamilton law firm.
A month ago, Tracy shared her story with Nebraska's team. The Cornhuskers are coached by Mike Riley, who was Oregon State's coach in 1998.
The Associated Press generally doesn't identify sexual assault victims, but Tracy has spoken publicly about her experience. She has met with NCAA officials and said she will be speaking to other college teams, with expectations that she will be contacted by more.
In a post on her Twitter account ((at)brendatracy24) after the talk, which was closed to the public, Tracy described Grobe as ''a good man with a good heart'' while thanking Baylor for hosting her. She also thanked Baylor players who had tweeted her afterward, responding that she appreciated them and telling them to remember

########
Rank: 2
Score: 57.628212
Retrieved Text: This is a placeholder page for Tracy Riley, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Tracy Riley.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Tracy Riley. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Tracy Riley. We created this page automatically in hopes Tracy Riley would find it. If you are not Tracy Riley, but are an alumni of Sidney Lanier High School, register on this site for free now.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 54.61657
Retrieved Text: Jimmy Jr. was born on February 3, 1960, in Santa Barbara, California at St. Frances Hospital. He was a Ninth Generation native.
Jimmy worked as a butcher at our local market for years, then retired due to illness, was a member of the local Horse Shoe Pitching Association and a Goleta Lemon aka “Cricket”. In his younger years, Jimmy played sports at the Goleta Boys Club and participated in YFL. He was fondly nicked named the “Flea”, was a surf enthusiast who loved camping and being at the beach with family and friends.
Jimmy Jr. survived by his Mother and Father, Barbara and James, Sr.; Sisters Wendy Ayala-Hinds, and husband Bill, Delee Ingram and husband Bob, his brother Michael and wife Tracy; his Daughter Riley Mae Hardy-Ayala; two nephews, Christopher Ingram and Matthew Herzog, three nieces, Ailea Ingram, Cassie Herzog and Katie Ayala and numerous cousins. Also, close to Jimmy’s heart were Sarah, Pearl and Zoa.
His Daughter Riley Mae was the Sunshine of his life!
No formal services will be held at this time, however a celebration of his life will be held at a later date.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 53.085293
Retrieved Text: Prizes that arrive in the mail. Check out the awesome cards, bangle and purse I won at A Little Vintage - thanks Jennie!
Hmmmm, so this is what happens when Daddy is in charge of making sure everyone is dressed sensibly for the day... lime green summer tank top mixed with striped winter stockings and early morning carrot eating.
I suppose it all sort of matches.
Rather cute and colourful, but alas, not quite decent enough to leave the house in.
Check out my latest article on Delve when you have a moment - it's so good to have Simone on the team as well (read her latest article here).
Recently an old school friend of mine asked if I could make a robot softie for her son Riley. He was having a robot themed party so she thought it would be fab to give him a robot softie to go along with his party. The softie was a hit (see how they look here).
I just had to post some pics of the robot party as I was totally blown away at the awesome effort that Tracy put in to the birthday treats and decorations - isn't she clever!
You are amazing Tracy - you've made me want to force one of my boys to have a robot themed birthday!!
Happy Birthday Riley (isn't he cute).
Anyone for a family game of charades?
You should try it sometime... interesting, very interesting.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 52.348305
Retrieved Text: WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. - July 25, 2018 - PRLog -- Battle Scars featured The Stars of AML Wrestling and was held in front of a crowd of more than 350 fans at the Benton Convention Center in Winston-Salem, NC during an AML Wrestling Network TV Taping on Sunday, June 24, 2018. Here are the official results.
- Event opened with AML Wrestling Champion Caleb Konley coming to the ring with his best friend Zane Riley. Konley issued an Open Challenge since his announced opponent, Drago, was injured and couldn't compete. George South came out and it initially seemed that he was answering the challenge. However, Riley shockingly attacked Konley from behind while South joined in and kicked him while he was down. Of course, The Dawson Brothers also came to the ring to get their shots in before The Heatseekers stormed out with chairs to clear the ring and rescue Konley.
Tired of the shenanigans, AML Wrestling Owner Tracy Myers, made the main event a 6-man tag: The Team of Caleb Konley & The Heatseekers vs the Team of Zane Riley & The Dawson Brothers.
AML Wrestling & IMPACT Wrestling Present: Confrontation on Sunday, July 29, 2018.
This event will be held at the amazing Triad Stage located 232 South Elm Street in Greensboro, NC. ALL SEATS ARE THEATER STYLE!
TEAM IMPACT WRESTLING: Moose, Eli Drake, Eddie Edwards, Matt Sydal, Allie, Fallah Bahh, Suicide, Tessa Blanchard, Sonjay Dutt & Josh Mathews.
TEAM AML WRESTLING: Caleb Konley, Zane Dawson, Brandon Scott, Billy Brash, Axton Ray, Chris Payne, Jaxon Stone, Kristen Stadtlander, Yahya, Sean Denny,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 51.875458
Retrieved Text: Jenny Eckert was introduced in 1991 when she was a member of an environmental group called The Greenbelts. Jenny and the other Greenbelts protested the arrival of the Quartermaine chemical boat, the SS Tracy. As the ship arrived, it exploded and sank! On board the ship were Jenny�s brother Bill and their cousin Joey Moscini. Soon after the boat sank, Jenny met Ned Ashton and Paul Hornsby. Paul was just named the CEO of ELQ. Jenny loved both men and was involved in a romantic triangle. Suddenly, tragedy hit when Jenny�s father died of a heart attack. The Eckerts all received a handsome share of Fred�s inheritance. Jenny�s mother Angela moved to Portland and Jenny decided to enroll at Port Charles University and moved in with GH nurses Amy, Sheila and Meg. Jenny was still torn between Ned and Paul though, until Paul became engaged to Tracy Quartermaine. Jenny felt that Paul betrayed her and wouldn�t give him the time of day. Paul eventually married Tracy but he later was stabbed by Cesar Faison. Jenny kept vigil at Paul�s side with Tracy, who was annoyed at Jenny�s presence. Paul whispered to Jenny that he loved her and Jenny confessed her love for him too but his marriage to Tracy made their love impossible.
In 1992, Jenny hoped that Paul would divorce Tracy and marry her but then Tracy announced that she was pregnant. At that time, Ned asked Jenny to marry him and she agreed, knowing that Paul wouldn�t leave a pregnant Tracy. Jenny married Ned in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 49.681732
Retrieved Text: Is it all that surprising? Eh.
Does Kandi Burruss’ 16-year-old daughter, Riley, think that Todd Tucker is “using” her mother?
Kandi and Todd met on the show in 2011, so they have been together a while. When he first started dating Kandi, he was a production coordinator, but their relationship blooming allowed him to become a part of the cast.
It sounds like the last seven years of Todd being by Kandi’s side were not enough to convince the 16-year-old that he has good intentions.
Kandi and Todd also got married in 2014 after one year of being engaged; they even welcomed a baby boy named Ace in 2016.
That isn’t enough to sway Riley.
Hm. Is Riley onto something or is this typical adolescent nonsense?
Back in September, Kandi gifted Riley a $100,000 white Porsche Macan with red leather seats and personalized interior. This move may have caused a squabble with Todd.
"Todd was livid Kandi bought Riley such an expensive car and they had a huge fight," an insider confessed to Radar Online.
"Todd told Kandi she's spoiling Riley and preferred she get a Honda Civic as her first car," they continued. "Kandi basically told Todd to mind his own damn business and that it's her own money that she's using to spoil her daughter."
Apparently, Kandi “throws her wealth in his face to shut him down” every time they start arguing.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 49.514454
Retrieved Text: Caroline Singleton is a talented, successful artist who was raised in the lap of luxury in her affluent Chicago neighborhood. On her way to a promising second interview with an integrated marketing firm, she bumps into a man who takes her breath away, both literally and figuratively.
Brian Keenan is a former cop from a middle-class background who is shocked by the immediate strong feelings Caroline invokes in him when they first meet. Unbeknownst to either of them, she is interviewing with his firm, a firm in which he is a senior partner.
Caroline is confused and terrified of the immediate strong connection she feels to this total stranger. It is not until after she accepts the job with his firm that she learns who Brian is. Because of impropriety, she refuses to have a relationship with him. Brian, on the other hand, doesn’t agree with her and wants to move full speed ahead with a relationship. He feels the same connection Caroline does and doesn’t want to give up so easily on something so rare and beautiful.
Caroline soon encounters a bigger problem than her confusing and terrifying feelings for Brian, however. She is suddenly being stalked and she doesn’t know by whom, nor does she know why. Being an ex-cop, Brian wants to help and protect the woman he already views as his soul mate and partner. Can Caroline let go of her misgivings long enough to trust him to help her and perhaps save her life? (To be re-issued in 2017 with new material).
Tracy Adamson has

########
Rank: 9
Score: 49.43675
Retrieved Text: Following a sweeping evaluation and meeting that spanned several hours Friday, the Rockies will not have a decision on Jim Tracy’s future until Monday at the earliest, according to a team source.
Tracy is processing all the issues discussed, making sure he’s comfortable with his role and the club’s direction moving forward following a franchise-worst 98-loss season.
The club is interested in bringing Tracy back for the final year of his contract — he’s guaranteed $1.4 million — but clearly it will be on their terms. There’s no deadline set for a decision, though one is early next week.
Bill Geivett, the Rockies’ director of major league operations, met with with Tracy on Friday and the pair could talk Saturday, but nothing has been scheduled.
Whether Tracy returns or not, changes in the coaching staff are anticipated. It’s unclear if that is a sticking point for Tracy, who will not have the authority to choose or retain his staff as he did last September. Geivett has the final say.
Tracy’s position changed on Aug. 1 when Geivett was given an office in the clubhouse. At that time, Tracy’s responsibilities were more narrowly defined, involving managing the game and meeting the media. Geivett was directly involved in roster management, especially the pitchers.
Tracy has repeated multiple times over the last two weeks that he wants to return, saying he’s energized by the young players. But he never indicated that he would be back unconditionally, wanting to hear what Geivett had to say before any agreement was reached.
Tracy was given an indefinite contract extension

########
Rank: 10
Score: 49.434982
Retrieved Text: May 2, 2017 2017 offseason, Pat Riley, Tom D'Angelo.
“I think what Boston did was the equivalent of two gang warlords meeting the night before a rumble and deciding the weapons. They both say bare fists and one them shows up with zip guns. … What they did is they came into our territory, a neutral zone out there and decided to use zip guns. Weapons that we didn’t plan on because this is a game of basketball.” – Pat Riley, from The Lives of Riley, talking about the 1984 Finals between the Celtics and Lakers.
The relationship between Pat Riley and Larry Bird got off to a rocky start. … like so many in sports when two teams are measured by what they do against each other.
But over the years it turned to respect and admiration for the job each has done wearing several hats. Although Riley and Bird never will be friends the way Magic Johnson and Bird have become, they are two of the greatest competitors in the history of all sports.
Bird’s decision last week to step down as the Pacers president of basketball operations likely ends a competition that started nearly 40 years ago and followed each of these Hall of Famers through different stages of their careers. And although Bird stepped away in 2012 but returned a year later in the same position, this does not feel like he has the desire ever to return to a prominent role in the organization.
For those keeping score: Teams in which Riley and Bird have held

########
Rank: 11
Score: 49.303356
Retrieved Text: It was, on the surface, a thrilling, happy occasion. But, it wasn’t necessarily so. President Roosevelt visited Riley because he felt the pain these young patients felt -- polio, lifeless legs and being confined to a wheelchair.
They sat in their tiny wheelchairs on the sprawling lawn of the hospital. Some weren’t even able to sit, so their little beds were pushed outside onto the grass. Many wore plaster casts.
It was Sept. 5, 1936, a splendid autumn Saturday, and James Whitcomb Riley Hospital for Children looked different.
There were nurses and doctors and patients swarming all over – outside, in the yard, on the terrace.
They were there because a special guest was coming, very special. The president of the United States, Franklin D. Roosevelt, was in Indianapolis and he wanted to see their hospital.
It was, on the surface, a thrilling, happy occasion. But deep down, it wasn’t necessarily so.
President Roosevelt was coming to Riley because he felt the pain these young patients felt -- polio, lifeless legs and being confined to a wheelchair.
He was there to let them know – in the only way he could – that he understood.
“As his open car rolled along over the drive, he waved at them his face lit by a warm smile of sympathy and understanding – an understanding such as few can have who have not suffered.” – Indianapolis News article, Sept. 5, 1936.
This visit by Roosevelt to Riley, it has always been a blip on a timeline, a mention in a hospital report.
And that bothered Karen Bruner Stroup, who

########
Rank: 12
Score: 49.279724
Retrieved Text: Confident, fierce and disciplined 17 years old Riley grew up on a ranch, but didn't fit in. He practiced his sword skills. Fencing is just one of the unique things about Riley, he doesn't like to get dirty, he's picky about what he eats, and he's a whiz at logic games, like chess, checkers and Rubik's cube. While at the farm, his pet dog Rubik detected something and brought him to an Energem which he bonded to. At that time, a wandering Fury spotted the dog and tried to kill him out of annoyance until Riley took a nearby pipe and attacked Fury. The green Energem turned the pipe into a Dino Saber, allowing Riley to gain the upper hand until Fury retreated. He departed from his farm, with his scooter broke in the middle of the journey and offered a ride by Shelby and Tyler in his car. They even saved a man from his car via their Energems' powers. They later discovered underground lab below the Amber Beach Dinosaur Museum which led them to become Power Rangers. After their confrontation with Iceage, Riley works in the Museum, as well as the Dino Bite Cafe waiter while having the mantle to become the Green Ranger. Riley butted heads with Chase, whom they have different techniques but ultimately learned to work together.
Riley meets his old rival, Burt, who will run in the Amber Beach Marathon. Burt challenges him to an arm-wrestling match. Riley uses his Energem to help him triumph, but Kendall distracts him and Burt

########
Rank: 13
Score: 49.179134
Retrieved Text: (CBS/AP) – In its 208th and final episode on Monday, the CBS comedy “How I Met Your Mother” finally revealed the mystery contained in its title and then ended with a twist designed to reward longtime fans.
Actor Josh Radnor’s character Ted meets the mother, played by actress Cristin Milioti, on a rainy train platform after his friends Barney and Robin are married.
But that marriage doesn’t last, and neither does Ted’s – because Milioti’s character Tracy McConnell dies after the couple has two children together. And at the end of the one-hour episode, the romance that seemed natural at the show’s beginning, between Ted and Robin, is rekindled.
Creators Carter Bays and Craig Thomas say they knew the plot for the final episode when the series premiered nine years ago. Success kept them stringing along the story, even though part of Monday’s finale was filmed in 2006 for fear that the teen-aged actors who played Ted’s children would become unrecognizable.
The series has been a solid if not spectacular performer for CBS, and its average of 9.8 million viewers this season means it will likely be its most-watched ever. It has never averaged below 8.25 million viewers in a season, the Nielsen company said, and its success in syndication means reruns will likely be seen for many years to come.
Most of the last season has been set in one weekend: Robin and Barney’s wedding, where Tracy was the bass player in the wedding band. The final episode skips through several years, where we learn that the marriage of Robin

########
Rank: 14
Score: 49.064217
Retrieved Text: I met Tracy when he was 12 years old. He became my first boyfriend and my first love. He was my first kiss on my 16th birthday. His parents didn't like the fact that we loved each other and tried to keep us apart but we snuck around for years. We dated, on and off, for years. We were best friends. There was never anyone like him. He was a blonde bombshell with a body to match. Even though he was two years and 13 days younger than I was, we were meant to be. Even though we married other people, had kids and lost touch for a while, he was never out of my thoughts.
The day he died, my heart stopped beating. My whole world fell apart. No one ever loved Tracy like I did and I was distraught that I couldn't stop him from taking his own life. His funeral was the hardest. I sat with his sisters, wishing that he would get out of his casket. I wished him alive! Almost 20 years later, I still miss him so much, I still cry. My heart will always be broken.
I cherish the 19 years that we were friends and I will never forget our special friendship, our songs, our secret dates, our kisses, his letters to me, our walks around Minneapolis, our hopes or our dreams. His death was a crime as he left all of us devastated and extremely sad for the rest of our lives. But we can all take comfort in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 48.849297
Retrieved Text: Lisa Marie Presley just got a son-in-law. Her daughter Riley Keough, 25, married Ben Smith-Petersen on Wednesday, HELLO! can confirm in a "beautiful and intimate ceremony."
"Riley and Ben were married in a small, private afternoon ceremony surrounded by close family and other loved ones," Riley's rep exclusively tells HELLO!. "It was a beautiful day and they couldn't be happier."
The granddaughter of music legend Elvis Presley and her beau tied the knot on a vineyard in Napa, in front of about 50 friends and family that included her Runaways costar Kristen Stewart, Cara Delevingne, Zoe Kravitz, John Travolta with wife Kelly Preston and Linda Ramone. Fifty Shades of Grey star Dakota Johnson and Abbey Lee Kershaw were bridesmaids.
The model-turned-actress met her now husband while filming Mad Max: Fury Road in 2012, but the two didn't start dating until the beginning of 2014. Ben was a stunt performer on the film that will be released in May. The two then announced their engagement in August on Facebook.
Showing off a huge rock, Riley captioned the photo, “So that happened.” The couple are also parents to a 1-year-old French bulldog named Grubs Smith-Peterson. On set, Riley fondly referred to the loves in her life as "my boys".
Prior to meeting Ben, Riley dated singer Ryan Cabrera in 2006. She and Magic Mike co-star Alex Pettyfer then dated and became engaged in 2012. After ending that engagement, she and Ryan were reunited before she met her future husband.
The actress was featured on the cover of our sister publication in the UK, HELLO!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 48.683502
Retrieved Text: “Are you sure that I am dressed alright?” Iker called from his spot in the hall, his ears filled with the sound of Riley rushing around a little away from him, getting ready for the work party of hers that they were due to head to that night.
The invitation had surprised him, even when Marisol had broached the topic the day previous, he still hadn’t quite expected that Riley would ask him to go along with her, but he couldn’t help but be a little pleased that she had, even if he was slightly apprehensive about the prospect of meeting more people in her life. The idea that she wanted him to was something which bought a little grin to his face. It was always going to happen, with the two of them becoming a bigger part of each other’s lives, they were eventually going to have to embrace the other people that were involved in one another’s lives, and whilst Iker was nervous, he was sort of looking forwards to it, wanting to see yet another side of the woman who was growing more and more important to him.
“I’m certain” Riley called back “It’s just a few drinks at a bar close to the office. It’s nothing particularly fancy. Besides, I think you look great” she added, her voice softening a little.
Iker felt his cheeks warm before he shook his head, smiling to himself softly. “Gracias” he replied.
Riley, who’d stepped out of the bathroom, glanced up at him for a second, marveling at his gentle

########
Rank: 17
Score: 48.609802
Retrieved Text: Tucker and Danny watch the wrestling match in an old laundry room in their building and call it their man cave. Instead of fighting with him, he says that he is in love with her and thinks that Ben has feelings for Riley. Sign up for our updates and we will notify you via email when the fate of Baby Daddy season 6 is announced. This website uses profiling non technical cookies, also third parties cookies, in order to send advertising messages according to user's preferences. Searching for the Baby Daddy Season 7 premiere date? In addition, Chelsea Kane and Derek Theler were cast for further main roles. Ben returns inside and explains to Riley that he lost her and what his plans were and she tries to leave but he stops and kisses Riley, who kisses him back. They eventually hear the boys yelling through the air vents for help and go down to save them.
With Danny and Riley now a couple, Ben decides to move on by setting a date with a woman named Zoey Jonna Walsh , who has just moved into the building, with Ben later finding out that she is pregnant. There, he can't stop thinking about her, so he decides to call Danny to see how Emma was faring. After being told about the past romantic relationship between Ben and Riley, Ross demands that Ben not show up to the cocktail party that Riley is throwing. His little brother looks up to him, and is sometimes envious of Danny being

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.41155
Retrieved Text: A flame of hope began to rekindle inside Riley's heart as he spoke, but for a moment, that flame was doused with helplessness.
"Jaxson, do you not remember the van ride?" She turned her body and sat down on the bed before laying down next to him.
"You and I were riding in a van...Henry was taking us back to the city, but...but we stopped and Whetherford took you away into his car." She shook her head lightly and began to draw circles on his chest.
"You were fighting him the whole way though...and Jax? You...he died...you were trying to protect me, and...well I guess...I guess you overheated."
By now the nurse had come inside, and was checking Jaxsons' vitals and administering him some more fluids via his IV.
Jaxson squinted, trying to remember. "I do remember... Most of it." A smile came to his face as Riley lay down next to him. "I remember you laying with me." He looked as Riley traced circles on his chest with her finger. "We were going to get married... And then... I don't remember what happened after I was put in the car."
Jaxson wrapped his arms around her, despite the slight pain it caused. "So Weatherford is... Dead?" Jaxson ignored the nurse. He kept his eyes on Riley. "Good..." He said before Riley could answer, his voice sounding cold, but troubled.
Riley rested her head on Jaxsons' shoulder and smiled at him as he told her what he remembered. Her brows pulled together in concern as he mentioned Whetherford and she pushed herself up

########
Rank: 19
Score: 48.327507
Retrieved Text: Peter designs Sound Music Cities’ music ecosystem studies, including research, online surveys, data analysis, presentations and reports. He served on the host committee for the 2018 Collective Impact Forum Convening in Austin, TX and in 2017 authored a long-term commercial music industry plan for the City of Austin. He was for 14 years the executive-in-charge of all of Ray Benson’s holdings, including Asleep at the Wheel and Bismeaux Records, working on numerous projects with artists such as Willie Nelson and the 2015 GRAMMY-winning album 'Still The King.' He spent the 1990s performing with and managing Steve Riley and the Mamou Playboys, was a protégé of master Cajun fiddler Dewey Balfa, and collaborated with his father, Tracy Schwarz, of The New Lost City Ramblers. Schwarz is a graduate of Harvard College (BA) and the McCombs School of Business (MBA).

########
Rank: 20
Score: 48.173668
Retrieved Text: "Acting is not the noblest profession in the world, but there are things lower than acting. Not many, mind you - but politicians give you something to look down on from time to time."
Spencer Bonaventure Tracy was born on April 5, 1900 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and died June 10, 1967 of a heart attack in Beverly Hills, California. Tracy’s early acting career began when he was a student at Ripon College in Wisconsin after a stint in the Navy during World War I with his childhood friend, Pat O’Brien. Eventually both Tracy and O’Brien went to Broadway where Tracy played alongside O’Brien as a robot in Kavel Capek’s sci-fi play R.U.R. Tracy played in theaters around New York and the northeast and in 1930, played a convicted killer in The Last Mile.
Film director John Ford saw him and immediately wanted him to play opposite Humphrey Bogart in Up the River (1930). This was the beginning of Spencer Tracy’s amazing film career. He signed with Fox Studios where he stayed until 1935 when he went to MGM. In 1942 Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn starred together in Woman of the Year and so began their lifelong relationship that lasted until he died three weeks after completing their final film –Guess Who’s Coming to Dinner. Many people believe that Spencer Tracy’s strongest roles were the ones he played at the end of his career – Inherit the Wind, Judgment at Nuremberg, The Old Man and the Sea and others.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 48.063194
Retrieved Text: I was watching the TV news a few minutes ago. Channel 10, I think. (How smoothly the local stations blend with each other.) It hardly needs to be added that I wasn’t expecting to be inspired. At least it was a nice lull before dinner.
Then an image came up that made me look twice. Not an accident scene or anything like that. It was nothing more than an old brick building – the town of Chili’s Stagecoach Inn, right at the corner of routes 33 and 259.
It’s good to see a Chili-based group coalescing to save the inn. The latest news reports say the group will ask the developer – the Illinois-based Maude Development company, according to the Democrat and Chronicle - to adjust their site plan so the inn can remain standing. Maude Inc. is not tipping its hand. And Chili town government is basically out of the picture: the town board has okayed the deal, and the building has no landmark or historic status –though at the age of 190, it should automatically qualify for some protection.
You might have heard Charleston, SC, mayor Joseph Riley speak here a few months ago. Riley has led a very preservation-minded mid-sized city for quite a few years, and more than most civic leaders he understands the currency of older architecture. On Bob Smith's WXXI show, Riley was asked to comment on Rochester's Renaissance Square concept, in particular the plan to demolish several old buildings (one of them dates back to 1855) at the corner of East Main

########
Rank: 22
Score: 48.001354
Retrieved Text: OROVILLE, Calif -- As evacuees and smoke descended upon Tracy Grant's hometown, she knew she had to help. With the help of a local restaurant, Tracy began handing out hamburgers to people seeking shelter in a nearby parking lot.
According to Cal Fire, the flames moved at incredible speed Thursday, with the fire covering 10,000 acres in 90 minutes. That means it continued to grow more than one football field every three seconds the afternoon it first began.
With the flames moving so quickly, many elderly citizens were unable to escape. Lee was one of the lucky ones.
When the fire was just feet behind his Paradise home, Lee's gardener alerted the 93 year old that he needed to leave... now.
"Everyone was hootin' and hollerin'," Lee recalled. "I just took off and followed the steady stream of cars."
Lee followed those cars to a parking lot where evacuees were gathering in the neighboring town of Oroville. But with no nearby family and hotel rooms booked, he had nowhere to go. He decided to spend the night in his car.
His and Tracy's path crossed when she offered him a hamburger. He politely declined, telling her there were many other evacuees that needed it more than him. His kindness after such trauma surprised Tracy.
She decided to keep one burger handy, just in case.
About an hour later, she knocked on Lee's car window again and re-offered him the burger. This time he accepted and she joined him in the car as he ate. The more they talked, the more Tracy realized this was

########
Rank: 23
Score: 47.99921
Retrieved Text: For newly-weds Holly and Joel Riley a trip to Kellys Beach could have proved ill-fated for Mr Riley's wedding ring, had it not been for the savvy work of Darren Draper.
Having only been married for a few months, Mrs Riley said they were shocked when the ring dropped into the ocean and concerned they wouldn't see it again.
She said she and her family were in the region visiting her husband's family when they decided to go to Kellys Beach at Bargara, where she'd never been before.
"I was holding on to it for him and a wave came out of nowhere and knocked it off my finger when I was holding my daughter," she said on her Facebook page.
Mrs Riley said she searched the area for about half-an-hour the day it went missing and combed the beach once more the following day before taking to Facebook to see if anyone had seen the beloved band.
"It was more than 24 hours later that I did the post," she said, which was met with a wave of support from the community and tagging of Mr Draper.
She said while they were unsure exactly where it would be and the description of the ring being "yellow gold, on the heavier side, thick, matte finish on the outside and shiny in the inside of the band," Mr Draper was confident he would be able to find it.
And come 9.30pm he did just that. He "saved the day".
Mrs Riley said she and her family had already gone back to Brisbane but the call

########
Rank: 24
Score: 47.991177
Retrieved Text: When Jason Gagnon graduated with a bachelor's in accounting in 2011 and joined a Manchester, N.H. certified public accounting firm, he became part of a still-active tradition at the company: tapping Southern New Hampshire University's senior class for accounting talent.
Howe, Riley & Howe Certified Public Accountants is the largest accounting firm headquartered in New Hampshire and for close to a decade has hired accounting graduates from the university every year to fill its growing ranks, according to Kyung Kim, an alumna and partner at the firm. "They're very hard-working students," Kim said. "Academic performance isn't all we're looking for, but it is a good portion of it because, to me, for students, school work is their job."
Close to one-quarter of Howe, Riley & Howe's roughly 55 employees are alumni, which is fitting given SNHU's roots as a business and accounting school. Kim said Howe, Riley & Howe began working with the university several years ago when accounting professors were invited to meet with the firm's partners. The result has been a healthy relationship with both the SNHU Career Services and the accounting professors on campus. Each fall the company attends hiring events on campus. Kim said she reviews student resumes and then conducts interviews on campus. More formal interviews follow at Howe, Riley & Howe's offices for promising candidates.
Tracy Micali, assistant director of Career Development Services, said 19 students applied for a staff accounting and internship positions the firm posted recently and eight were interviewed. "We're a good talent pipeline for them," Micali said. "There's a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 47.889885
Retrieved Text: Navy Veteran, Curtis E. Allison, went to be with God in Heave on Veteran’s Day, November 11, 2018. He was 71 years of age.
Curtis is a beloved husband, father, grandfather and brother. He leaves behind his wife and best friend of 51 years, Candice Allison (Candy); daughters, Tracy Lamb and Heather Ryan; son, Kevin Allison and his wife, M. J. Allison, all from the Houston area.
His grandchildren were a source of extreme love and delight. The mention of their names brought him his biggest smiles……Kristin Lamb, Eric Lamb, Angela Lamb and fiancée, Brandon Casey, Kyle Allison, Kayla Allison, Sierra Allison, Lance Baumann, Keegan Allison, Samantha Gonzalez and Lil Avery. Curtis also leaves his sister, Karen Allison Anderson of Ulysses, Kansas.
His life with us will be missed but his memory will forever be with us.
Funeral service will be held Saturday, November 17, 2018, at 2 pm at the Riley Funeral Home Chapel with Brother Edwin Findley officiating. Burial will follow at the Mt. Pisgah Cemetery in Woodville. Visitation will be held Saturday from 1 pm until the time of the service.
Serving as pallbearers will be Kevin Allison, Eric Lamb, Kyle Allison, Brandon Casey, Alfred Mercer and Brice Mercer.
In lieu of flowers, the family asks that you make a donation to The Woodville Veterinary Clinic or any no kill animal shelter.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 47.855507
Retrieved Text: Crawling into her older sister’s bed, Riley placed her cold feet on the calves of Braelynn’s legs. “Man you are so cold! Snuggle closer so I can get you warm. You are gonna get sick if you don’t watch it. Your feet are so cold they feel like you were walkin’ around outside with no shoes on.” Braelynn was guessing, but she was pretty certain her guesses were correct; her younger sister had been outside walking around and not wearing any shoes or boots.
“I got the lock off the back door. I scooted a chair over and unlocked the top lock. I just wanted to see him.” Riley spoke into the back of Braelynn’s hair as she nestled closer to the warmth of her older sister’s back.
“Turn over.” Braelynn knew they were not going back to sleep until Riley purged her story. Facing the other way, Braelynn wrapped her arms around her younger sister, kissing the back of her head. Not only was Riley five years younger than Braelynn so that she felt protective, Riley was special.
As Riley warmed up, her story unfolded. She had awakened to the sound of pebbles thrown at her window. Rising from her bed to investigate, there was no one in the yard. She knew it had to be him. He must want to see her as much as she wanted to see him.
Dragging a kitchen chair from the dining table, and standing on tip-toe, she could just touch the lock her parents had installed to keep her inside and safe

########
Rank: 27
Score: 47.37653
Retrieved Text: Much of the information on this page was contributed by Michael Dyches and Wayne and Hazel Riley Pearce.
Arthur and Elizabeth Jenkins owned the property. It is not known when they purchased the plantation.
1800  Thomas Riley is said to have married one of the Jenkins's daughter. On May 4, 1800 he was deeded 590 acres. He paid taxes on the 590 acres and on 11 slaves.
In a deed dated October 10, 1800, Arthur Jenkins deeded another 300 acres to Thomas Riley.
1808  The first mention of the property by the name of Fiddle Pond was in a birth reord. It is recorded that Thomas Riley's nephew, George Owen Riley, was born May 8, 1808 at Fiddle Pond Plantation.
During the next few years Thomas Riley proceeded to purchase large tracts of land in the surrounding area.
1824-1830  Thomas Riley died between these years. It is not known who was owner of the plantation after Thomas' death, however, the plantation remained in the family.
1847  James Wilson Riley appeared to be the primary owner at Fiddle Pond Plantation. He married Emily Cleveland Myrick.
1861-1865  The house was burned down by William Sherman's Union troops.
At least three generations of the Riley family lived at Fiddle Pond Plantation.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 47.187656
Retrieved Text: Three men raided a family home armed with axes and a metal pole forcing a man&apos;s front door off its hinges.
Dramatic scenes erupted in the courtroom as Stephen Dismore, Lewis Riley, and Andrew Woodier were jailed for 11-and-a-half years each.
A man stormed from the public gallery protesting "all of you are donkey kongs", one woman left the court shouting "you&apos;ve ruined three families&apos; lives" while another was heard chanting "retrial".
Woodier, 38, said "thank you judge" and was heard to shout "woo!" after he was led from the dock.
The three Middlesbrough men turned up at a dad-of-five&apos;s door at about 10.30pm on March 1 last year.
The gang had axes and a metal pole as the front door was forced off its hinges, Teesside Crown Court heard on Monday.
The householder saw 23-year-olds Dismore and Riley through it as he held it shut.
Dismore hit his hand with an axe and Riley hit his head with the bar, said prosecutor Daniel Penman on Monday.
Dismore shouted "get him" and Riley shouted: "Get out here you big s***house. I&apos;ll put this through your head."
The man&apos;s wife shouted at the men to leave, saying there were children in the house in Linthorpe, Middlesbrough. She picked up the dropped metal pole and wedged it against the door.
When police were called the men fled leaving the home in disarray, stealing £20 from a children&apos;s copper jar.
The householder had cuts and a broken tooth, and later said he lost sleep and felt constantly on edge, while his wife suffered worsening anxiety.
Woodier&apos;s blood was found at the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 47.167747
Retrieved Text: In his short DJ career, Shane Patrick Riley (SPR) can already point to a major highlight – getting a track featured on a Brillz mix with Handsome House partner Jimi Smyth.
“That was probably the biggest accomplishment,” said Riley, who became strongly interested in electronic dance music and DJing in early 2009. By 2010, Riley joined Outlet Records and two years later he was signed to Funkvine Recordings. Okanagan-bred, Riley became a part of the Prince George scene when he arrived in the city to attend UNBC. Smyth and Riley met through the scene and found they shared the same passion and musical goals. In 2013, the pair placed second in an open contest to play at TomorrowWorld (though eventually they would have been thwarted by their non-U.S. resident status) and played the beach stage at Kelowna’s Center of Gravity.
Riley was drawn to music at an early age, taking up piano initially when his grandfather noticed the basically-still-atoddler could play by ear. Distaste for reading music led to leaving the piano bench behind, but Riley picked up the guitar and other instruments in high school. That foundation is put to use creating house music.
“It’s complicated as hell,” Riley said. “Not only do you have to be able to write chords, you also have to mix all the music… that means you’re going to be playing the bass, the guitar leads, the backings, the drums.” And that is in addition to creating unique sounds using synths and other effects. When it all comes together, it’s magic. And that

================



======= Instance Index 21475 =========
Input Text: Context: Kendall´s apartment was always messy. Kendall was getting tired of his roommate´s laziness, so Kendall said another word to him.

Question: Why did Kendall do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: see his roommate reaction

B: keep the apartment clean

C: do nothing as well

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 65.80123
Retrieved Text: The 26-year-old explains how he did it.
A 26-year-old from Connecticut is getting plenty of attention on social media for his uncanny resemblance to a Disney prince. Check out that long, luscious hair and strong jaw — the guy is a true doppelgänger for Prince Charming.
But it wasn’t always this way for Jeffrey Kendall. Over the last year, he’s gone through a massive physical transformation — without the help of a fairy godmother. After realizing he was depressed and overweight while caring for his ailing mother, Kendall started working out and ended up losing 70 pounds.
In 2015, Kendall's mother suffered a brain aneurysm, which required him to move home to help take care of her.
Kendall, who played sports throughout his childhood, said he felt lost. Then, a friend who was going through his own heartache after breaking up with his girlfriend walked in the door.
Jeffrey Kendall before he got fit.
Those little steps have led Kendall to not only lose 70 pounds, but also become an Instagram sensation with his new Disney prince looks.
“You look like prince Eric from the little mermaid with short hair,” one Instagram commenter wrote.
“You should totally rock up at Disney, they will immediately hire you for sure,” another added.
“It’s the most flattering compliment,” Kendall said of the Disney prince comparisons. If you’re wondering how he keeps that long hair looking so healthy and shiny, he said it all comes down to Head and Shoulders shampoo $8.79, Buy It Here and Pantene Pro V conditioner $6.99, Buy It Here.
To lose the weight, Kendall kept

########
Rank: 1
Score: 64.69296
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner Hair Looks We Love Kendall Jenner Haircut Ideas – The 1980’s was undoubtedly the most exciting time we had. If you want to try to remember the vibrant childhood of the 80’s then using the hairstyle of that age is the best option. With all these Kendall Jenner Hair Looks We Love Kendall Jenner Haircut Ideas, you will truly feel the nostalgia of the fantastic old times. They may not be contemporary, but they’re certainly the retro trend nowadays. Indulge your experience in fashion with the very best Kendall Jenner Hair Looks We Love Kendall Jenner Haircut Ideas we have selected for you. If you would like to reminisce at the old times, you can totally rock these hairstyles. It’ll bring the childhood memories from you, or you may look exactly like your adults use to appear at your age.
Below are the amazing Kendall Jenner Hair Looks We Love Kendall Jenner Haircut Ideas that help you relive the childhood.
This is a stunning look you can get. This style matches the entire face and the neck giving it a magnificent appearance. This appearance just is amazing on any people. This fashion is never obsolete as still now you can see this hairstyle on the cover of the list. There is not any word to describe the elegance this hairstyle attracts about in a people. The feathered fringes look damn hot on the folks. With a tiny hair product, this is the exceptional style you can get.
65 Kendall Jenner Hair Looks We Love Kendall Jenner s

########
Rank: 2
Score: 63.89954
Retrieved Text: Find a Roommate in Kendall, FL!
By choosing to have a roommate, you can dramatiacally save money on housing. Our Kendall roommate classifieds put you in touch with people who need to rent rooms, whether they're in a home, townhome, condo, or apartment. Looking for roommates can be difficult, but we make finding a roommate in Kendall simple at RoommateNation.
By placing a roommate wanted ad on our site you can reach a large number of Kendall people who want to save money with a room to rent.
If you have a house for rent, RoommateNation can help you rent your room and fill your vacancy. List a room for rent with RoommateNation and search our online roommate finder to contact possible tenants. With our service, you can easily rent out a room: Learn about a potential renter even before you meet them for an interview. This site also provides an excellent means for finding short term or corporate housing around Kendall. Arrangements for vacation rentals can be found here saving money over staying at a hotel or motel. RoommateNation can help to fill a vacant room without difficulty.
Post rooms for rent, view other profiles, and send messages to other Kendall roommates. Roommatenation is intended for people who are looking for roommates, and not for landlords that are not planning to share the housing they are offering. Please enjoy the use of RoommateNation.com. We strive to bring a quality roommate matching product to you!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 63.147797
Retrieved Text: Glorious Gay Days: In search of peace.
My Uncle's first significant boyfriend was Kendall. We enjoyed him so much and we called him "Aunt Kendall" as a term of endearment and to prove that we claimed him as ours. After a few years my Uncle and Aunt Kendall decided that they were better as friends than as partners. Both my Uncle and Aunt Kendall moved on and found new love, but they remained close friends. (They lived in the same neighborhood.) We remained connected to Aunt Kendall too. We would take a couples trip to L.A. every June with my Uncle & Tom, Aunt Kendall & his boyfriend to visit Del & Jason and all our other L.A. friends. This was the first year in many that we did not have a June L.A. couples trip planned.
Last month Aunt Kendall sent me an email and it said, simply: "Reminder that Aunt Kendall loves and misses you."
On Friday, Aunt Kendall hung himself with his belt in his bedroom closet. He did not leave a note.
I haven't be able to process this event fully. I am in shock. I am confused. I am sad. It is hard to accept that my worldly relationship with Aunt Kendall has ended. I won't see him any more. I won't get to hang out with him again. I won't get to hear his stories told in his Mississippi accent again. He is gone. Aunt Kendall is gone, and he left behind all his friends and family that loved him so much.
Reminder that we

########
Rank: 4
Score: 63.04356
Retrieved Text: GREAT WHITE guitarist Mark Kendall, who has been sober for 10 years, talked to “No More Heroin Survivor Series” about how he finally overcame his addiction after several relapses that left him in increased physical pain.
Kendall swears by the “one day at a time” AA slogan whose purpose is to keep people from feeling overwhelmed by the prospect of never drinking again.
Kendall now reaches out to others on social media who might find themselves in the grip of drug or alcohol dependence.
At the height of his addiction, Mark “pounded beers, like, every day, totally out of control,” he told The Tribune-Democrat in a 2018 interview. “And even now, I know I am an alcoholic. I have that gene, or bug, or whatever it is. I was a walking time bomb.
“I remember calling my wife and getting honest — this was in 2008 — and having this moment of clarity. I got pissed off at myself. I was hiding it from her — out on the road in a hotel somewhere.
Kendall told The Tribune-Democrat that he works with several addiction support organizations, including one online source with 94 members from the music industry, “some on the brink of death,” he said.
Last year, GREAT WHITE announced the addition of new singer Mitch Malloy to the group’s ranks. He replaced Terry Ilous, who was fired from the band in July.
The Ilous-led GREAT WHITE released two albums, 2012’s “Elation” and 2017’s “Full Circle”, before Terry was shown the door.
This version of GREAT WHITE is not to be confused with JACK

########
Rank: 5
Score: 62.357113
Retrieved Text: Mike London’s introduction to Kendall Bayne was so random that it’s a wonder they had a relationship at all.
Four years later, London, the football coach at Virginia, postponed all of his morning and afternoon appointments Monday to travel to Roanoke for a celebration of Kendall’s life.
It was London’s hope that his presence would not create a stir. And it didn’t, even when he was escorted to a first-row seat that had his name on a placard.
The only mention of his name came when Jere Bayne, Kendall’s father, delivered a tribute to his beloved 19-year-old daughter and raised his head to acknowledge London.
“She was your biggest fan,” Jere Bayne said.
Kendall died Thursday after a five-year battle with adrenal cortical carcinoma. She was 19.
Like Kendall, one of London’s daughter’s, Ticynn, graduated from high school in 2014. When Ticynn was 4, she became ill with a disease that required a bone marrow transplant, followed by radiation and chemotherapy.
London had never heard of Kendall or her plight until the UVa staff was asked in 2011 to sign a football that would be put up for auction at a fundraiser.
When it came time for London to sign, the instructions had become lost in translation and London included an inspirational message. That wasn’t the original purpose, so the first football was sent to Kendall and a second was prepared for the auction.
That could have been the end of the connection, but it was only the beginning.
London and the Baynes spoke by phone or communicated via text for the next four years.
“When we

########
Rank: 6
Score: 61.350433
Retrieved Text: Jason, I never hated you, how could I hate someone who would put his face in front of some jagged cleats to win a game? I just got tired of watching you hit.
In my wildest dreams, I had a hard time visualizing a situation where the A’s would get something for Jason Kendall.
Will miss Kendall’s grit and pitcher handling, though his hitting is no longer at a major-league level.
– SF Gate’s A’s blog.
The coverage of this deal, from a Cubs perspective, has been mindboggling to me. Perhaps I was a slight bit biased, having immediately called a friend after hearing about the deal, and screaming “226!“, which left me little tolerance for differing opinions (as seen on the-w.) You can read the A’s perspective above – to them, this is a great move, getting rid of a player they were sick of watching to open up a door for a player they wanted to see and – bonus! – they got a couple free players and some salary relief out of it.
Look, I think this was a horrible deal. I think the Cubs would’ve been better of making no move than this move. Much like Cesar Izituris, I think the Cubs have traded for a player who’s having a bad time of it and may well be done as a major league regular, but they’re hoping they can fix him (/spread some magical pixie dust) and all of his problems will be gone. It didn’t and hasn’t worked with Izituris, and the Cubs have spent a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 61.03503
Retrieved Text: I shut the door behind me, as I left out of Kendall&apos;s room. I really didn&apos;t have to use the bathroom I just wanted some air. Kendall was to pitiful to even look at. Like a former shell of herself, like she was tucked away and hidden from the world. She was beyond hurt and that fact hurt me.
"Do you like her?" Louis&apos;s voice had snapped me out of the trance that I was in. I shook my head and let go of the door nob that I didn&apos;t realize I was holding. Did I want to take a glance at Louis, let him read my thoughts. The secrets that I tried so desperately to keep hidden from him. Would he see the truth.
No. I was to good at hiding things from people for him to see it. Though when I glanced up at him I gasped. I guess when he came in the room it was to dark to actually get a good look at him. Now, he looked horrible nothing like I was used to seeing.
Then it hit me. He looked like Kendall, if that made any since. He looked broken that&apos;s it, like he was feeling her pain. If that was possible.
"No." Was my simple response to his question. Maybe I had gotten to use to lying to Harry when he asked the same question. It was just wired into my brain to lie when asked that question.
Louis raised his eyebrows and stood up off of the wall he was leaning against."You sure

########
Rank: 8
Score: 61.026024
Retrieved Text: A violent mum beat up the father of her child and dragged him around the street like a &apos;rag doll&apos; in a school run tantrum about her seeing their son.
Paris Beaumont, 24, who had been celebrating her birthday, slapped and kicked Andrew Kendall in a violent rage when she spotted him walk past her home on the opposite side of the road after dropping off their eight-year-old child at a primary school in Wythenshawe.
She then grabbed Mr Kendall by the the throat, slapped him in the face and kicked out at him.
Mr Kendall tried to calm her down but when the attack continued he was forced to ring 999 saying: &apos;&apos;Something needs to happen because I’m going to lose my head with her. She’s not my ex she’s just my baby’s mum.
&apos;&apos;She just started grabbing me - my face, my neck, my coat, everything.
Police later charged Beaumont with two separate assaults on Mr Kendall two weeks apart in October and November last year - one in which she spat in his face.
At Manchester magistrates court she was convicted of both charges of assault by beating.
During the trial Mr Kendall&apos;s 999 call was played, in which Beaumont could be heard screaming in the background.
Recalling the first attack on October 24, Mr Kendall, who lives with his fiancee and five children, said: &apos;&apos;We had a knock on the door and it as Paris who was stood there.
&apos;&apos;From that moment it was just an angry conversation and it escalated to a point where she was kicking off, swearing at

########
Rank: 9
Score: 60.464684
Retrieved Text: Kendall snatched at the brown-paper bag and tore at its contents, discarding the wrappings as he began devouring the food within.
“Hungry?” Justin raised his eyebrows as he unwrapped his own burger more slowly.
They sat on a bench in the Company Gardens as tourists, local commuters and the city’s homeless walked past them in an unseeing exodus. The passers-by ignored the boys, who had become part of the city’s colourful array of street inhabitants. Justin could easily have walked right up to one of the commuters and stared them in the eye and they would have dodged past him without meeting his gaze.
“How much money do we have left?” Kendall asked, wiping the remnants of his meal from his mouth with his tatty sleeve, which was artfully hooked around his chipped black painted thumb nail.
“We’ll make a plan. We always do,” replied Justin confidently.
He playfully ruffled his younger brother’s hair, which immediately set the boy on edge, as it usually did. Kendall was unnecessarily fastidious about his appearance, especially his dead-straight hair.
Justin laughed and sipped his Coke, settling back on the bench. His brother tried to smooth down his hair, which had come undone from his ponytail.
Kendall took the can, which was almost empty.
“Are these going to get us killed?” Kendall asked seriously.
“You’re going to have to trust me, though,” Justin said, equally serious.
A couple was feeding the squirrels. It was obvious from the cameras dangling around their necks and their matching shorts and golf shirts that they were tourists.
Justin was eyeing the pair with the concentrated

########
Rank: 10
Score: 59.87882
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK -- The ladies arrived in beautiful Paris to meet up with the man they are all dating, Arie. Jacqueline said things are really starting to move with Arie, and to be honest, I hardly remember her! Chris Harrison revealed the news to the women that this week would feature the dreaded two-on-one date. Lauren got the first one-on-one date though, she was spared from the two-on-one thank goodness. They took off on a little power boat as the other women looked on with envy. They cruised around holding hands and taking in the sights of Paris.
Then, they walked in silence. It was uncomfortable to watch! You just want to shake her and say "talk woman, talk!" She seemed very nervous. Arie kept pointing things out and then Lauren would say, "Wow." Arie said that he's worried that she might not be that into him. Finally, Lauren asked him how everything was going for him and he revealed that he wants her to like him. He told her, "I'm searching for reassurance as much as you are."
Back at the hotel, another date card arrived. It read, "Becca, Seinne, Bekah, Tia, Chelsea, Jenna, Let's get all dressed up, Arie." That meant that Kendall and Krystal would be on the two-on-one, since they've been in all the promos! Spoiler alert. Right away, Krystal said that she felt confident.
On the silent date, time would tell if Lauren could start to open up and talk freely with Arie. They shared dinner with some wine and that probably helped. Lauren

########
Rank: 11
Score: 59.698895
Retrieved Text: Blake Griffin is going there! He’s not scared of a Jenner Jinx or Kardashian Curse by dating Kendall. We’ve got EXCLUSIVE details on how the NBA star thinks the model will be his good luck charm this season.
What jinx? LA Clippers star Blake Griffin, 28, is so confident in his team’s skills that he’s sure there’s no way the Kardashian-Jenner family sports curse could rub off on him. His lady Kendall Jenner, 21, was court side cheering on his 2017 opening night victory against hometown rivals the LA Lakers, and the beautiful couple left together in her Range Rover after the game. “Blake is convinced he will break any Jenner jinx with his girlfriend Kendall. Blake is well aware that many Kardashian men, like Kris Humphries, Lamar Odom and Scott Disick have had their share of troubles over the years which may or may not have been caused by the famous women in their life. But Blake is convinced of the opposite,” a source close to the hoopster tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.
“After posting solid numbers with Kendall sitting court side during his opening game of the season, he feels like she is his good luck charm. Blake is not worried about becoming another cautionary tale from a family that has been described as black widows who devour the men. Nope, Blake is eager to play his best season ever and have Kendall sit court side for the entire time,” our insider adds.
Kendall has dated one other NBA player, the Lakers’ Jordan Clarkson, 25, who just so happened

########
Rank: 12
Score: 59.622112
Retrieved Text: TULSA, Oklahoma - With new homes being built year-round, thanks to Habitat for Humanity, the Kendall Whittier neighborhood is transforming.
Benedict and Victoria Thang and their three children are the latest to join the neighborhood; they’re enjoying the freedom of their new front yard, and a lot more space for the growing family.
"We are very happy and very excited," Benedict Thang said.
The couple escaped Burma about a decade ago and eventually found their way into a Tulsa apartment.
Pastor Robert Kim helped us understand what their first day at home feels like.
"It is a blessing for us, and especially for the children. We are so grateful, and excited, and overwhelmed also," Kim said.
Cheryl Kane with Tulsa Habitat for Humanity said since they&apos;ve started working on the Kendall Whittier neighborhood, they&apos;ve been able to help about 10 families find new homes.
"People get excited - it brings some new energy to the neighborhood," she said.
But their work is far from over; another family plans to move into another house soon.
A handful of homes are being built right now in the neighborhood.
Habitat for Humanity said, in the next couple years, it hopes to be on pace to build 100 homes per year in the neighborhood.
"We really knew we could make an impact in this area,” Kane said. “That it was an area that has over 300 vacant lots or boarded up homes."
The construction of all the houses reminds the Thang family of the beginning their journey, and the time and energy they put into building their home.
"The day that slab was

########
Rank: 13
Score: 58.58708
Retrieved Text: NORTH BROOKFIELD � Priscilla Abby (Kendall) Waite, 92, of 38 Bates St., North Brookfield die Sunday at Bay State Mary Lane Hospital in Ware. Priscilla was predeceased by her husband of 56 years, Stanley S. Waite and also her sister, Elizabeth Norberg, brothers, David Kendall, Nelson Kendall and Calvin Kendall. She leaves two daughters, Carolyn J. Caille and her husband, Eugene V. Caille, Jr. of North Brookfield and Virginia A. Poirier and her fiance, Robert Skoczulek of Cape Cod and four grandchildren, Christopher Poirier, Laura Caille, Gregory Caille and Jaffrey Caille and his wife, Emily and a great-grandson, James and a brother, Parker Kendall of OR and three sisters-in-law, Ethel Kendall of Mass., Ruth Kendall of S.C., Eva Picerno and husband, Joseph Picerno of N.J. and many nieces and nephews. Priscilla was born in Gardner. She was the daughter of Nelson L. and Helen H. (Parker) Kendall. She was a 1933 graduate of Gardner High School. She worked at various establishments in the area prior to her retirement and enjoyed family and friends, travel, crafts, crocheting, cards, bingo, line dancing, gardening and baking. She was a past president of the NB Senior Club. The funeral will be held Wednesday, June 27, 2007 at 2:30 p.m. in the Pillsbury Funeral Home, 44 Gilbert St., North Brookfield. A calling hour will be held from 1:20 to 2:30 p.m. prior to the service. In lieu of flowers, Memorial contributions may be made to the Town of North Brookfield Council of Aging, 29 Forest St., North Brookfield, MA 01535 or

########
Rank: 14
Score: 58.38942
Retrieved Text: Theodore Roosevelt said, "The first requisite of a good citizen is that he [or she] shall be able and willing to pull his [or her] weight." Choosing Kendall Bearup for Citizenship was easy! She always does 100% of her expected workload, keeps her desk orderly and clean, and goes out of her way to help keep our classroom in tiptop shape. She is honest in dealing with her fellow classmates and one we’ve all come to trust. She cares about everyone and never has a harsh word. Kendall is respectful to self and others. She is responsible, courageous, and hardworking and one who will succeed in everything she attempts. Congratulations Kendall, you deserve this Citizenship honor!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 58.155144
Retrieved Text: Anders Parker and Kendall Meade are offering an incredibly intimate East Coast tour including a handful of even more quaint house shows along the way. Check it out here: East Coast Tour Dates, and check out our interview with Kendall to help get you ready.
Talented Singer-songwriter Kendall Meade, well-known for her band Mascott, has collaborated with acclaimed solo artist Anders Parker for an infectious new indie rock album, Wild Chorus. The duo will release their first collaborative effort on February 19th. Wild Chorus is a captivating acoustic record whose first single “We’re On Fire, Babe” is pretty swoonworthy. It’s a nice debut effort from two familiar artists and as you’ll read, a promising sign of things to come.
We caught up with Meade and shared a RARA’s six pack of questions. So grab your favorite beverage and check out a few words with the engaging singer from New York.
RARA’s Farm: I know that the two of you were occasional collaborators in the past, how did it work with the two of you collaborating so closely on the entire album?
Kendall Meade: It worked surprisingly well. Either we both brought individual ideas to the table and helped each other flesh them out or Anders would start strumming on a riff and I’d encourage him to keep going with it while I worked out a melody. We worked really hard to get to a place where we both loved all of the songs. We recorded 14 total and only 11 ended up on the album. It was so hard to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 57.49357
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner’s relationship with Ben Simmons is reportedly heating up. The pair have been spotted out together multiple times, and were even seen getting cozy at Khloe Kardashian’s Fourth of July party last week. Now, Kendall’s famous sisters allegedly believe that she’s fallen in love with the NBA star.
According to a July 10 report by Radar Online, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons have been dating for a couple of months, and are even rumored to be living together in L.A. Her behavior in the relationship is said to be so different from anything her family has seen in the past that they now believe she’s fallen head over heels in love with Simmons.
Sources tell the outlet that it is very unusual for Jenner to be a relationship above anything else, especially her high profile modeling career. However, that is seemingly what she has been doing with Simmons, and it is reportedly turning some heads in the Kardashian and Jenner family.
However, the relationship hasn’t been without drama. Last week, Ben Simmons former girlfriend, singer Tinashe, claimed that after she bumped into her ex and Kendall Jenner in the club, the NBA star began to text her. However, she later admitted that she was lying and that he had not texted her at all.
As previously reported by the Inquisitr, Ben Simmons is now beefing up his security because he believes that Tinashe is following him and Kendall Jenner around L.A. TMZ reports that Simmons believes that his ex-girlfriend has showed up at the same place as him too

########
Rank: 17
Score: 57.308006
Retrieved Text: Zach, Erica and Ryan agree on one thing - Greenlee stole Spike! Jack isn't so sure. Kendall learns the truth about Spike.
Jack and Erica are kissing all the way through the airport, both in their own world. She tells Jack she likes their illicit affair and isn't looking forward to getting back together for real. Pam walks in with Josh. He tells them about Kendall's labor and missing Spike, shocking Jack and Erica.
Joe introduces Zach to the specialist they've brought in to treat Kendall. They begin talking about different medical approaches but all Zach can think about is Kendall, who is sleeping. Kendall wakes, worried about the baby. Joe reassures her that the baby is fine. They tell her about the specialist which panics Kendall. Zach sits with her, saying the specialist is just a precaution and that the baby is fine. The specialist returns and begins to examine Kendall.
In the lobby, Babe is watching a television report about Kendall and Spike. Di and Annie arrive, worried that Greenlee has finally gone off the deep end. They ask about Kendall. Ryan walks in with Tad and Aidan. Annie runs to him, telling Ryan to be positive. Tad fills Di in on the police search and Aidan reassures Ryan. Zach and Joe come out to tell the gathering about Kendall. Zach asks them all to keep the news about Spike out of Kendall's room. Jonathan walks in, offering to help look for the baby. Aidan asks Annie and Di to come with him to the police station.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 56.673218
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner & Ben Simmons Are Reportedly Living Together In L.A.
Kendall Jenner and her new boyfriend Ben Simmons are reportedly living together in a lavish rental home in L.A. this summer.
According to a June 28 report by TMZ, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons have both been spotted coming in and out of the $25,000 per month home in recent weeks.
Sources are telling the outlet that it is currently unclear whose name is on the lease, but that the term of the lease is for “several months.” The home is said to have five bedrooms and six bathrooms, and a swimming pool. The house is located near the Grove and Fairfax area, which is a good explanation as to why Jenner and Simmons have been spotted out together so often.
The site also claims that Kendall Jenner recently purchased Charlie Sheen’s former Beverly Hills home, but that she is currently remodeling the house to better fit her needs and style. The L.A. rental house could be where Kendall is staying while she waits for her permanent home to be done, and Ben Simmons may be crashing with her until he’s ready to get back to Philadelphia to rejoin the 76ers for the upcoming NBA season. Last week, Ben took home the Rookie of The Year award for his performance in the 2017-2018 season.
As previously reported by the Inquisitr, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons have been spotted out together multiple times in recent weeks. The couple was spotted grocery shopping together earlier this month, and even hit up the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 56.325336
Retrieved Text: Discipler. Entrepreneur. Risk Taker. Life long Explorer. Loves Dogs.
Kendall loves the process of restoration. He is passionate about bringing purpose out of potential and loves to have the “I see in you” conversation with people. Kendall is a passionate man to say the least and loves to have conversations that stretch him. Kendall has had the privilege to travel to many different parts of the country and about 10 different countries studying business and church planting. He desires to be able to use his success in business to turn back around and bless Churches and ministries. Kendall believes that the church and business go hand in hand and should be desired by each other. They find Evangelism purpose in one another.
Kendall was born and raised in the great state of Texas, and has since moved to Lexington, Kentucky with his wife Katy McKee to get a Masters of Divinity and Church planting. He is co-founder of The Foundry Network, a collective that has a mission of discipling and coaching people through the first steps of entrepreneurship and small business owning. As an Entrepreneur, Kendall has his hands in a few things. He is a founder of a small iPhone repair business, and is CEO of Lex Tex Hats. He is a man of many ideas and loves throwing things at the wall and see what sticks. Kendall loves to say that he is “Called to Adventure” and believes that we should live into James 1:2- 27.
Kendall joins Zach Meerkreebs (Stay Forth Coach) in planting New City

########
Rank: 20
Score: 56.253532
Retrieved Text: MORGANTOWN, W. Va. — Austin Kendall’s drama-filled week officially reached a happy ending.
Kendall enrolled at West Virginia on Thursday in the Sport Management graduate program, The Dominion Post learned. His enrollment at WVU concludes a saga that began when the Sooners decided to pursue Alabama graduate transfer Jalen Hurts, prompting Kendall to enter the NCAA transfer portal on Jan. 11.
Oklahoma initially blocked Kendall from moving to a school within the Big 12, but after much criticism, granted him a release to do so Wednesday. Time was of the essence for Kendall, who had to enroll in classes at West Virginia by Friday in order to be eligible for spring practices.
Kendall earned his Oklahoma undergraduate degree in December after three years on campus. He has two seasons of eligibility remaining with the Mountaineers.
Kendall played sparingly in 2016 and 2018 while redshirting during the 2017 season.
He has completed 28-of-39 pass attempts for 265 yards and three touchdowns while backing up Heisman Trophy winners Baker Mayfield and Kyler Murray. Kendall is a pro-style quarterback, but not an immobile one. After subtracting the three sacks for minus-18 yards he took in his collegiate debut against Louisiana-Monroe, Kendall has scrambled for 47 yards on 10 rushing attempts.
A four-star recruit out of Cuthbertson High School in Waxhaw, N.C., Kendall was ranked by Rivals as the No. 4 pro-style quarterback in the Class of 2016.
With Kendall in the fold, West Virginia is up to three scholarship quarterbacks on the roster.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 56.22678
Retrieved Text: Ford's been ordered by the judge to stay 100 yards away from Kendall and her home.
Kendall Jenner isn't taking any chances on her latest obsessed fan after he made his way onto her property -- 3 times already -- 'cause she just got a restraining order against him.
Kendall filed for and got a temporary restraining order Friday against 37-year-old Canadian citizen John Ford, who was placed on a 5150 psychiatric hold earlier this week.
We broke the story ... Ford was arrested Tuesday after Kendall's security team found him sitting on her front porch after he'd apparently scaled the unsecured mountainside leading up to her home. They called the cops and nabbed him before he could escape.
This is Ford's third incident of trespassing at Kendall's place. He was arrested last month for the same thing, and a criminal protective order was put in place to keep him the hell away from Kendall's gated community. He ignored that and came back twice more this month -- once ending up by her pool and another time ending up on her porch.
Now, Kendall's upped the ante by getting a civil restraining order to keep Ford away from Kendall's gated community.
Ford is being held on $56,000 bail.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 56.001595
Retrieved Text: 1 The first time Kendall saw people kiteboarding along the East Coast, he stood and stared in awe. Kiteboarding is an extreme water sport that's been gaining popularity since the late 1990s. Kendall stared as a person maneuvering a red kite surfed past a person with a blue and yellow kite. Each kite looked something like a rectangular section of parachute. However, if the wind only blew in one direction, how could two people who were kiteboarding at the same time go in opposite directions? Kendall simply had to find out! He approached the first kiteboarder who had come ashore and asked.
2 "You use the kite as a sail to tack into the wind," the dark-haired man told him. "You don't just get pulled downwind when kiteboarding. That would cause a lot of problems! You can tack perpendicular to the wind, upwind, or downwind. You can go anywhere you want to go."
3 The longer Kendall watched the kiteboarders, the more he longed to join them. The most exciting part was when a kiteboarder "caught air" and was lifted up to 40 feet off the water! Thinking about his coming birthday in June, Kendall told his parents, grandparents, and anyone else who cared that he wanted to learn to kiteboard for his birthday.
4 Kiteboarding turned out to be more expensive than Kendall imagined. His father had shared the cost information with him in an effort to dissuade him from wanting lessons. Instead, Kendall persuaded his father to take lessons with him so that they could share the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 55.98658
Retrieved Text: We are a family-owned business delivering honest and professional automotive repair and auto maintenance services to the people of Kendall Park and surrounding areas. The quality ASE (Automotive Service Excellence) certified technicians at Kendall Park Exxon employ today’s latest automotive technology and are equipped to handle all major and minor repairs on foreign and domestic vehicles.
Kendall Park Exxon has been providing quality car care in Kendall Park for years. Our shop’s dedicated technicians use the latest technology.
Our auto repair shops is conveniently located in Kendall Park. Our certified mechanics are equipped to handle all repairs.
If your vehicle needs air conditioning repair, bring it to Kendall Park Exxon, where we will fix it quickly.
The team at Kendall Park Exxon is not only knowledgeable--they are friendly as well. If you have a question about a service we perform on your vehicle or want advice on how to better take care of it, we will help you.
Kendall Park Exxon has the best team in town. The team is also aided in their repair work by the latest technology in the automotive repair business. You can be assured we only use the best equipment in our work.
I've been having my car serviced at Kendall Park Exxon for several years now. Kal is one of the most honest mechanics I have ever met. And this is matched by his ability to get the job done - all without overcharging.
My wife took her Honda Odyssey for a tune up and oil change and she was very happy with the results. The prices

########
Rank: 24
Score: 55.93147
Retrieved Text: Fake Reports about Kendall Jenner's Lip Surgery Riling Up Fans!
Kendall Jenner has gotten her “lips done” and has finally joined the Kardashian hall of lip surgery fame!
HollywoodLife.com has reported some news about fan’s favorite celebrity Kendall Jenner, claiming that supermodel is probably not a surgery virgin anymore! News about a lip job spread across the Internet which is false.
While the Kardashian clan is notoriously known for going under the knife, younger sister Kendall Jenner has made sure she sticks to her natural looks. But that has not given her any respite against surgery rumors, and we think she’s tired of clapping back.
Kendall Jenner’s latest Adidas Originals ad photo has created a stir among social media users.
Celebrity makeup artist Mary Phillips posted a picture of her stunning work on Jenner for the ad. And now, Jenner is facing the surgery music once again!
But Kendall Jenner is accustomed to these negative comments. Remember her Golden Globes appearance?
Jenner received major backlash for attending the Golden Globes in the first place, being a non-actor and all. And then the surgery rumors followed.
Since then, Jenner has been clapping back and shooting down all plastic surgery rumors saying they were false.
The rumors about her face and lips being fake have come by the boatloads, however, BFF Bella Hadid came to the rescue.
Hadid took a stand against haters who believed that everything about her and Jenner was “fake.” She went on to reply to people on social media after she received some stinging comments when she had uploaded a picture of herself and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 55.678093
Retrieved Text: I started to read my book, but my mind started to drift off. I started to think about my mom and sister. I had my eyes open but I wasn&apos;t paying attention to my book. I remembered my mother&apos;s screams. I closed my book slowly getting up from the living room. We&apos;ve been living here for about a week now. The boys blocked off the opened areas, Ariana, and Dinah got some furniture. We can only go out at daytime for protection.
I can&apos;t sleep in my old room, I can&apos;t bring myself to step foot in there. I sleep on the couch- sometimes but I mostly spend my time in the attic.
I walked to Chris&apos;s room, it&apos;s almost midnight. I took a peck, he was reading the letter dad left us.
I was going to go back, but he knew I was there. "You can come in." I walked in seeing Chris wipe his tears.
I sat down on his new bed. "What are you doing?" I saw him look at me, he handed me the letter.
"Turn it around." I looked at him and did what he said. "There&apos;s more." Why didn&apos;t I notice that before?
I think they&apos;re the family that killed Rachel. It&apos;s too late for me Lauren, you need to. You remember my best friend, Ethan. He lives in the East part of town it might take you a few days but find him and he can make people come back alive, get something of Rachel&apos;s and bring it to him, it&apos;s too late for me

########
Rank: 26
Score: 55.497566
Retrieved Text: Shushanna let her indecisiveness cause her to flip flop between men during the Tuesday, September 4, episode of Bachelor in Paradise as Annaliese and Kamil accused her of using witchcraft on them. Meanwhile, one suitor left unexpectedly in tears, and a couple was tested by a pair of babies.
Shushanna found herself still hung up on Kamil. New Zealander Jordan wanted to explore his relationship with her, but she shot him down, telling him to take Cassandra on a date instead. Shushanna pulled Kamil aside again to see if he was secretly into her, but he insisted he didn’t feel a connection between them. She said she didn’t believe him, and she didn’t give up hope that things could change.
Annaliese confronted Shushanna after Kamil told her he thought she might be using “Russian witchery” on them by staring at him. Annaliese said Kamil was off limits and asked her about putting spells on them. Shushanna denied her accusations and became upset.
Diggy later asked Shushanna on a date, which she declined. (He ended up going out with Olivia.) Shushanna began to think that she should have given Jordan a chance. Some believed she just wanted what she couldn’t have, and she sobbed after Jordan told her he wanted to pursue his connection with Cassandra.
Paradise success stories Jade and Tanner Tolbert and Carly Waddell and Evan Bass talked to each of the couples to see which was most deserving of a date. They chose Joe and Kendall, but there was a catch: The two had to babysit their daughters

########
Rank: 27
Score: 55.48689
Retrieved Text: But she's wearing something way more expensive than Hot Topic.
If we had to describe Kendall Jenner's style in one word, "goth" probably wouldn't be at the top of the list. So, we were sort of shocked (and excited) when we saw her latest ad for Marc Jacobs. The campaign titled, 'the GOTH' was shot by Katie Grand and David Sims. It features Kendall in all black wearing a pair of vertiginous heels.
Even though this isn't the first time we've seen Kendall rocking this sort of look (in February she walked Marc Jacobs's goth-inspired runway show), we still feel like we're seeing a whole new side of the model. Between the big hair, crazy-high heels and exaggerated overcoat, this look screams editorial. And Kendall is killing it.
"KENDALL, Supermodel. I will always remember the first time I met Kendall during castings for our Fall 2014 fashion show. Katie Grand invited her to come by the studio for a brief introduction before she was photographed for the model boards. At the time, I knew very little about Kendall…As history now has it, her very first fashion show was for Marc Jacobs Fall 2014. Kendall has since been a part of every show along with being featured in our Spring ’15 ad campaign (also shot by David Sims). It goes without saying that Kendall has gone on to establish an incredible career for herself and every bit of it is a testament to her hard work, passion and desire. During castings for Fall ’16, due to the enormous height of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 55.362125
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner Talks Heartbreak and Anxiety for Harper's Bazaar: "I Thought I Was Going to Kill Myself"
What a day for profiles, friends. Harper's Bazaar has revealed their May cover for their 150th anniversary, fronted by none other than Kendall Jenner (in conjunction with Estée Lauder, of course) and who says many concerning things, while still being written off as a traditionally hyper media-trained like much of the Kardashian-Jenner clan.
While it's clear from the outset the writer did not get a copious amount of time with Jenner – he describes their interview as a coffee date with her and her bodyguard – the whole piece is peppered with startling reveals, which are mostly left as is without further probing. The profiler tells us Kendall's anxiety has ramped up of late, which she tells him she's had "her entire life", yet doesn't address her getting help beyond her security beef-up.
"I wake up in the middle of the night freaking out," is all she says about what sounds like a very serious mental disorder. "Full panic attacks. They wake me up from my sleep, and I need to stand up and I pace and I'm freaking out and crying...."I don't feel normal and I like to feel as normal as I possibly can."
And that's it, we move on. What Kendall is allowed to flesh out, ironically, how much she doesn't like to talk. As for her love life she says: "If I'm not fully, fully in it with someone, why would I make it public to everyone else? If

########
Rank: 29
Score: 55.328747
Retrieved Text: Dr. Kendall has a Ph.D. in Finance from the University of North Texas.
Dr. Kendall spent over 18 years with an energy database and consulting firm, progressing from analyst to vice president of the firm’s international consulting and forecasting practice. As VP of consulting, Dr. Kendall was editor and co-author of a series of coal and energy market studies and economic forecasts. Dr. Kendall is also an experienced qualitative market research professional, providing actionable analysis of focus group and in-depth personal interviews, primarily in the medical industry.
Dr. Kendall is faculty adviser of the Sigma Zeta chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
country-level liquidity effects on bond yield and underwriter fees.
Gu, J., Kendall, L., Groves, S., & Arellano, F., (2016) Book Chapter: Teaching Socially Responsible Investing in the Finance Curriculum for Teaching Ethics Across the Management Curriculum: A Handbook for International Faculty: Volume 2, Expert Business Press (Pedagogical Research).
Kendall, L, and W. Kendall (2016). Bank Failure Prediction and the Subprime Mortgage Crisis. (Applied Research) E-Journal of Business & Economic Issues, XI (III) available at http://www.subr.edu/index.cfm/page/125/n/159.
Kendall, L. and Arellano, F., TVM Inc. - A Dynamic Case Managing Working Capital, (Pedagogical Research), ABE/FEA 2015 National Conference– Fort Lauderdale, September 2016.
Kendall, L. and N. Rogers, Do MLPs Provide A Superior Return? Note anymore! (Applied Research), Southwestern Finance Association Annual Conference - Oklahoma City, May 2016.
Arellano, F. and Kendall, L., Teaching TVM Techniques in Sequential Phases Using Excel, (Pedagogical Research), ABE/FEA 2015 National Conference– San Antonio, September 2015.

================



======= Instance Index 18149 =========
Input Text: Context: Jesse was helping a friend with their math homework. Jesse's friend couldn't figure out what was wrong, but Jesse saw what the problem was.

Question: Why did Jesse do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: wanted to be helpful

B: study math

C: learn math

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 65.7389
Retrieved Text: Jesse's dad was very handy with his hands. He could build practically anything. One day he built a digidometer, which helped Jesse with his homework. Another time his dad built a pickleodon, to help Jesse's mom open jars of pickles. Jesse's dad had been spending a lot of time in the garage with the door locked. He wouldn't let Jesse or his mom in to see what he was doing.
Jesse tried peeking through the key hole, but his dad had put tape over it. "I wonder what my dad is building in there."
A few days later Jesse's dad opened the garage door. "Jesse, you and your mom can come and see what I've done."
They both ran into the garage. "Wow! It's a spaceship. Does it work?" Jesse ran his hands over the green paint and the glass dome.
"Of course it works, Jesse. I'm going to take a flight in it. If it works all right, then I'll take you both for a ride."
Jesse's dad put on a special pink and green suit he'd made. He climbed into the spaceship and turned it on. Vroom. Vroom. He flew out of the garage and straight up into the sky. "Wow! Look at Dad go!"
The spaceship flew past Mars and Venus and Saturn and through stars and past comets. When Jesse's dad landed, he opened the lid. "It worked and it was fun. Climb in Jesse and you too," he said to his wife.
They flew up into the sky and through the stars. Jesse was so excited. He saw

########
Rank: 1
Score: 55.232166
Retrieved Text: Summary: Police Chief Jesse Stone is back in the remarkable new installment of the "New York Times"-bestselling series. It's been a long time since Jesse Stone left L.A., and still longer since the tragic injury that ruined his chances for a major league baseball career. When Jesse is invited to a reunion of his old Triple-A team at a hip New York city hotel, he is forced to grapple with his memories and regrets over what might have been. Jesse left more behind him than unresolved feelings about the play that ended his baseball career. The darkly sensuous Kayla, his former girlfriend and current wife of an old teammate is there in New York, too. As is Kayla's friend, Dee, an otherworldly beauty with secret regrets of her own. But Jesse's time at the reunion is cut short when, in Paradise, a young woman is found murdered and her boyfriend, a son of one of the town's most prominent families, is missing and presumed kidnapped. Though seemingly coincidental, there is a connection between the reunion and the crimes back in Paradise. As Jesse, Molly, and Suit hunt for the killer and for the missing son, it becomes clear that one of Jesse's old teammates is intimately involved in the crimes. That there are deadly forces working below the surface and just beyond the edge of their vision. Sometimes, that's where the danger comes from, and where real evil lurks. Not out in the light--but in your blind spot.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 55.157158
Retrieved Text: Daniella began her real estate career in 1990 and within two years she attained her first year as a Medallion Club member which recognizes the sales achievements of the top 10% of all Greater Vancouver REALTORS®.
Having raised two active sons on the North Shore, Daniella is familiar with all of the local amenities, schools, sports fields, shopping and diverse neighbourhoods. Her knowledge, professionalism and almost 30 years of experience ensures that her clients are always well represented in the ever changing real estate climate.
For anyone who is looking to sell their home, I can not recommend enough Monique Williamson and her husband, Jesse Williamson. These two realtors went above and beyond my expectations. Our house was a very tough sell, as we were selling far above current market value because our home is located in a redevelopment zone, and we had had multiple developers making great offers. Problem was, the whole deal will probably take up to 20 years to complete, as the District of North Van had told me, and several newspaper articles.
All of the developers had backed away after not being able to get anywhere with the district as far as a time line for rezoning all the lots. Monique and JEsse had their work cut out for them trying to sell a manufactured home for almost a million bucks!!! BUT, THEY PULLED IT OFF!!!!!! They worked so so hard, having open housese almost every weekend, and even with all the people going through and telling them that the price was just too high,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 55.08941
Retrieved Text: When Jesse James was a lad he killed many-a man. He robbed the Glendale train.
And the people they did say for many miles away. It was robbed by Frank and Jesse James.
Poor Jesse had a wife who mourned for his life, three children, they were brave.
But that dirty little coward who shot Mister Howard has laid poor Jesse in his grave.
It was on a Saturday night if I remember right when they robbed that Glendale train.
It was one of the Younger boys who gathered in the spoils and he carried Jesse's monies away.
When he turned his head around, why that bullet smacked him down and it laid poor Jesse on the floor.
Jesse robbed from the poor and he gave to the rich. He never did a friendly thing.
And when his best friend died he was right there by her side and he lifted off her golden wedding ring.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 54.996418
Retrieved Text: Jesse's partner was Laura Ellen Coleman . and they gave birth to Jessie T Coleman.
Jesse Anderson Coleman’s biography is built and maintained by people like you. Create an online profile of Jesse so that their life is remembered forever. If any factual information is incorrect, please edit Jesse’s biography.
This genealogy profile is dedicated to the life and ancestry of Jesse Anderson Coleman and their immediate Coleman family. Add to Jesse Anderson Coleman's genealogy page to share your memories & historical research with their family and other genealogy hobbyists.
Do you know when and/or where Jesse was born? Add Jesse's birth date.
Do you know the final resting place - gravesite in a cemetery or location of cremation - of Jesse Anderson Coleman? Add burial and funeral information.
Did Jesse move a lot? Did they emigrate from another country? Add Jesse's last known location.
Jesse's average age compared to other Coleman family members is unknown.
It is unknown if Jesse Anderson Coleman is a military veteran.
Want to know what happened during Jesse Anderson Coleman's life? Enter this person's date of birth or date of death and you can see a timeline of events during this person's lifetime.
This obit of Jesse Anderson Coleman is updated by the community. Edit this biography to contribute to their obituary. Include details such as cemetery, burial, newspaper obituary and grave or marker inscription if available.
No cause of death has been entered for Jesse. Jesse's partner was Laura Ellen Coleman . and they gave birth to Jessie T Coleman.
What do you remember about Jesse Anderson Coleman? Share your

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.257618
Retrieved Text: Returning home three years after her brother dies while committing a school shooting, Skye endeavors to reconnect with her former best friend, Jesse, whose own brother was among the victims of the tragedy. By the best-selling author of the Age of Legends series.
Skye Gilchrist doesn't expect a warm welcome when she moves back home. Not when three years ago her brother, Luka, was one of a group of shooters who opened fire at the high school. Skye's best friend, Jesse, lost his brother in the shooting, and a guilt-ridden Skye hasn't spoken to him since. Now Skye and Jesse are back at the same school, and despite the tragedy that links them, their old connection returns. At school, Skye faces harassment that ranges from schoolyard bullying to vicious threats. As the threats intensify, Skye and Jesse learn that they may not know the truth of what happened the day of the shooting, and that the killing may not be done. Skye's first-person narration alternates somewhat confusingly with Jesse's third-person, but Armstrong (Missing, 2017) deftly works suspense into the narrative. Family dynamics-Skye struggles with loving and missing Luka despite what he did, while Jesse navigates life as his Bengali American parents' only child-add depth, making this more than just a typical murder mystery. Grades 9-12. Copyright 2018 Booklist Reviews.
A sensitive treatment of high school shootings and their impact on families of both perpetrators and victims. Sixteen-year-old Skye Gilchrist is returning to her hometown three years after a deadly shooting. Her brother was one of the perpetrators, killed

########
Rank: 6
Score: 53.455563
Retrieved Text: "Yeah, she is." Willow said. "And i'm not here with anyone. Jesse's off somewhere, and Xander never showed." She couldn't keep the dissapointment from her voice.
"So are you and Xander like an item?"
"What!?" Willow said, jumping a little. "No. We ummm....we dated when we were five, but it didn't last." She did not say that she wished she could date him again.
"Oh okay, young free and single is best".
Amy walks up to the bar, says "Hi Willow, no noticing Buffy", gets a coke and walks away.
Buffy watchd Amy wander away, and then someone caught her eye. It was that creepy librarian who knew she was teh Slayer! what the heck? Without saying anything to Willow, she slid off her stool and went up on the balcony to see what he was up to.
"Buffy?" Willow asked as the blonde suddenly got up and walked away. She turned to see where she was going, but all of a sudden this pretty decent loking guy (his outfit was a bit out of date) came up to her and leaned on the bar.
"Hey." He said. "Wanna dance?"
Cordelia spotted Jesse standing on his tiptoes and peering above everybodys heads, probably looking for her. She sighed.
"Hide me." She looked at Harmony.
"Jesse's over there." Cordelia jabbed her thumb over her shoulder in Jesse's direction.
"Oh... GIRLS!" Harmony clicked her fingers and all of Cordelia's sheep stood in a circle around her. Cordelia leaned against the wall with her arms crossed. She hunched a little when she heard Jesse's voice calling her name. Great!
"Heeeey, Cordeliaaaaa."

########
Rank: 7
Score: 52.760162
Retrieved Text: Affiliation: Previous student of the X-mansion; Currently owner of Kline Industries.
Skills: Jesse has one of the most alluring struts in the world, is an expert at the art of seduction, and has a keen fashion sense. She is a cunning business woman. It is likely she has the most intimate understanding of sexual relationships in the world due to her unique physiology.
Powers: Jesse has a form of bio-kinesis that allows fine control of her own body. She can control her own body at the molecular level for a variety of effects. She has reached peak human in all fields do to her manipulations and further has a small degree of enhanced healing by consciously directing her body to heal wounds in the most efficient manner. She has been known to exude pheromones capable of attracting both sexes. She is able to stimulate the actions of her glands, enabling her to secrete as much of any type of chemical occurring in her body as she wants to. Under these effects she has shown the ability to perform extreme feats that are beyond most humans (Able to lift a car, etc). While she can effect the secretion of chemicals she can also help purge these chemicals from her system. She , however, is not able to purge synthetic toxins and other drugs from her system currently. Originally Jesse was capable of switching between a male and female body, now she has gained a third androgynous body as well as being able to alter the apparent age of any

########
Rank: 8
Score: 52.32254
Retrieved Text: What soap opera did Jesse star in ?
What was Jesse's first overseas trip to ?
How long did Jesse and Katie date ?
Is Jesse's birthday 4-9-86 ?
Who did the Dream Street producers say will be arrested first ?
In Jesse's freshmen year how long did he date a girl ?
What is Jesse's favorite book ?
Which quote was said by Jesse himself ?
"He's physically 16, but mentally, I'm not so sure"
"Fine I'm a liar, see I just lied"
"He doesn't like it when people make him think hard"
"Why not Dream Street horsies"
"Oh my god, we have fans"

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.179867
Retrieved Text: Receiving my invitation to the Charlotte Ronson fashion show produced a similar reaction to when I received my first Nanette Lepore invite, pure elation and intense excitement. Charlotte Ronson's collection always has a raw energy. Her designs are simultaneously edgy and pretty, lace mixed with leather, sheer inserts with black wide-rimmed hats. Charlotte Ronson is always right on trend while pushing boundaries.
My favorite part of the collection was Charlotte Ronson's leather details, particularly the front crossed suspenders and scalloped leather neckline. The scalloped neckline was also incorporated in Charlotte Ronson's black jumpsuit look with sheer sleeves.
Aside from the unavoidable exhaustion brought on by Fashion Week, the only real downside is my lack of a fashion show sidekick. So, I was beyond excited to bring a friend with me and have her follow in my fashion show crashing footsteps. The presentation took place at The Hub Hudson Hotel, so I felt it would be the perfect opportunity to sneak her in.
Apparently, my friend and I arrived at Charlotte Ronson's fashion presentation at the same time as the VIP guests because as we walked in, I turned to my left and nearly ran into singer/actress Zendaya. She is so much taller than I would have expected, but was so sweet and stopped for a minute to take a picture with me and chat.
My friend slipped past the PR people while I stopped to check in. When we met back up a few minutes later in the hotel basement for the presentation, she casually mentioned that she just saw

########
Rank: 10
Score: 51.773457
Retrieved Text: Woo Hoo!! We have a winner of the $25 Amazon Gift Card.
But seriously, casting Breathless was an exciting and important part of the writing process, because once I had the image of the character in my head, it was much easier to make him, or her come to life in the book. So here we are, these are the photos that helped me create the lovely people starring in Breathless - Jesse Book 1.
Breathless - Jesse Book 1 is now out on Amazon and B&N.
Meet Jesse, our hot motorcycle riding hero. We first met him back in a steamy airline bathroom encounter with the heroine of Deceived Part 2, Chloe. Jesse traveled to France to enter in the Supercross de Paris championship. Shortly after his big win, he crashed his bike sustaining serious injuries that halted his career.
Niki Milani is our heroine. Exotic and beautiful, she renders Jesse breathless from the second he lays eyes on her. Only twenty-two years old, she is finishing her last year in college. Her dream career goal is to pursue fashion design. But being the daughter of a powerful LA entertainment lawyer, she feels pressured by her dad to join the ranks of the family lawyers. It doesn't make matters easier that she is currently dating the golden boy in her dad's firm, the newly graduated lawyer, Jason Connors.
Kat is Niki's best friend. Being the daughter of hippie parents, she is fun and carefree, the catalyst that inspires Niki to break away from her father's controlling grip. Kat, hoping to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.66698
Retrieved Text: Story (aired on February 24, 2008/written by Patty Lin; directed by Tricia Brock): Having fully gone their separate ways, both Walter and Jesse have a lot to figure out. Jesse goes for an interview, thinking he's being considered for a sales position at a bank only to discover the interviewer actually has an "advertising" job in mind: standing on the sidewalk dressed as a giant dollar bill waving a sign at passerby. Jesse discovers the man currently holding this position is an old friend, Badger (Matt Jones), a goofball on parole who encourages him to start cooking again. Their session in the trailer goes terribly, with Badger good for little other than eating chips, cracking jokes, and nearly breaking Jesse's equipment (when a furious Jesse rides off without him, Badger fires a crossbow at the rear bumper - he can't even hit the tires with his absurd weapon). Jesse has now completely changed. Next to Badger, a more extreme version of his old persona, the young man seems as serious and short-tempered as Walter: he wears an apron, carefully identifies each instrument, and throws the results away when they are displeasing (in this inability to get the desired product, at least, he remains very much Jesse). Walter, meanwhile, is pressured by both family and friends to seek treatment. His old college pal Elliot Schwartz (Adam Godley), who profited immensely from their collaborations as young chemists, offers to pay for chemo and radiation, while Skyler stages an intervention which doesn't go as planned (both Hank and Marie

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.226112
Retrieved Text: When the United States needs Jesse Murphrey's help, he responds. Jesse is a disaster relief volunteer, who goes wherever and whenever he's called. From the Pentagon to Ground Zero in 2001, to Florida four times in 2004 to offer hurricane catastrophe assistance, and to the Gulf Coast in 2005 to provide relief after hurricane Katrina, 73-year-old Murphrey is always ready to help.
But it was when Jesse was relaxing, in fact, just after a nap in his favorite recliner, when the heart attack hit. "I felt chest pressure, shortness of breath and I had this choking feeling," says Jesse.
Jesse's wife immediately called 911, which set into motion a Code STEMI response. STEMI stands for segment elevation myocardial infarction. The Code STEMI response is a coordinated effort between EMS technicians and WakeMed. When the EMS technician received the results of Jesse's EKG in the ambulance, those results were immediately transmitted to WakeMed.
At WakeMed, the Code STEMI team of emergency cardiac care specialists received the results and stood at the ready to help Jesse upon his arrival in the Emergency Department.
That coordinated rapid response is probably what saved Jesse's life. Upon his arrival at WakeMed, Jesse was rushed to the WakeMed Heart Center Cardiac Catheterization Lab, where a cardiologist opened his blocked artery and placed a stent in the area of the blockage to keep the artery open. He was in and out of the cath lab in under an hour.
The WakeMed Cardiac Care Unit was Jesse's next stop and where he awoke "feeling good," as he said. Three

########
Rank: 13
Score: 50.86489
Retrieved Text: I can't believe that it is our second Halloween here - where has the year gone?
This year Halloween was a lot colder than last, in fact it snowed early in the day and I was worried about Jesse and his friends going trick or treating in the cold. Needless to say, there weren't and nothing would have stopped them which is just as well as they had a great time.
We started celebrating Halloween on Saturday with family pumpkin carving at Jesse's school. The children got dressed up in their Halloween costumes and spent a couple of hours making all kinds of wonderful pumpkin carvings in the school parking lot. It was absolutely freezing (I like Halloween in NZ way better as it's much warmer, but not so dark and spooky). There were some fabulous creations, obviously some parents have had lots of practice.
After the carving the 9-12 year olds had put on a haunted house and movie. I didn't attend this, I camped out at Starbucks across the road for a couple of hours and listened to my book, but Andy and Jesse enjoyed the movie "the Haunted House". I joined them close to the end. A good time was had by all.
We got home about 7pm, just in time for dinner and then Andy and Jenna to get dressed up and head out for the night. I was the delegated sitter which suited me fine. They stumbled home at around 2.30am.
On Sunday, Jesse had planned to go out trick or treating with his friend Jakob

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.842583
Retrieved Text: Jesse James joins with Missouri settlers in their battle with rich, land-grabbing railroad tycoons.
Jesse James joins with Missouri settlers in their battle with rich, land-grabbing railroad tycoons. The last of the "Frontier-era" films starring Roy Rogers. From this point forward through the last of the Roy Rogers' film at Republic, the time period was always the "modern west", or the mythical version of such. The exception to all of his remaining films not being set in a historical period was in "Heldorado" that contained a flashback segment. Here, Roy plays a dual role of the title character, Jesse James (Roy Rogers). In order to blacken the name of Jesse James, who is aiding the homesteaders and farmers in their fight against a land-grabbing scheme by the agents of a railroad, Burns is hired to impersonate Jesse. The scheme is successful at first with all but Jesse's old friend, Sheriff "Gabby" Whittaker (Gale Storm), who can distinguish the two men intuitively. Jesse ends that problem by taking out Burns, who had been impersonating him, and then he impersonates Burns in order to get to the root of the problem. The movie starts with the government (I assume) offering land for $3 per acre to people who must improve said land-and then a railroad moves in and takes over the land. The settlers turn to the courts, but the railroad wins the court battle, with the lawyer promising to appeal.
Jesse James comes to town-or is he a lookalike gambler, wearing the same clothes? Two female reporters have also

########
Rank: 15
Score: 50.680073
Retrieved Text: Jesse james enters new business venture!
Within 1 year of his marriage Jesse James, Jr., the Son of a Bandit, sold his tobacco store in the Jackson County Courthouse in Kansas City and went into the pawn & jewelry business. Jesse claimed that there was more money in pawing property and selling jewelry than in selling tobacco products. He was so right, as his new business adventure proved successful. He and Stella also had their first child, a little girl.
Life looked so promising for the Son of a Bandit! Certainly, nothing could interfere with his future,or could it?
Jesse James jr. Gets Hitched!
After Jesse James, Jr, the son of a bandit, was acquitted of train robbery in February 1899, he was soon dating Stella McGowan. Stella McGowan had met young Jesse Jr. on Valentine's Day 1899 (and days before the start of the James trial for train robbery). Stella had set through the week long trial and became impressed as to how Jesse Jr. conducted himself during the case. Within a year, Jesse Jr. and Stella were married. The young couple honeymooned at the home of the Bandit Jesse James near Kearney, Clay County, Missouri. As the bride and groom slept in the house of Jesse James, his late father laid under the flowers in the yard. After their sojourn in Clay County, the newlyweds moved into Jesse's home in Kansas City where they lived with Jesse's mother and sister, Mary Susan.
What would be the next adventure in the life of the Son of a Bandit?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 49.58559
Retrieved Text: Trivia Quiz : Do You know Jesse?
Jesse has a cat named Oliver.
Has Jesse ever had braces?
Jesse was in the band Dream Street.
What is Jesse's favorite baseball team?
Jesse has a scar above his left eye.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 49.523396
Retrieved Text: Well hey there! Somehow it's Friday again and it's already time for another Recent Things post! Wasn't I just posting this a second ago?!
Anyhow, I have lots to share with you - so let's jump right into it!
We continued our celebration tradition (I can't say birthday because we do this for our anniversary too) and headed to see the movies in LUX/Gold Class - because why wouldn't you want to relax in a comfy recliner and have food and drinks delivered to you on your birthday?
On birthdays, we go all out because we don't do gifts - so Jesse ordered a burger and fries for lunch whilst we watched Beauty and the Beast - and he was in HEAVEN!
FYI, Aussies! Hoyts Lux is 10000x better than Event Cinemas' Gold Class because your drinks and popcorn are included - and the food is better too (according to Jesse).
Speaking of birthdays, next week I have to share Jesse's birthday cake recipe with you... well... birthday cookie... ice cream... cake. It's incredible!
Recently Hating: My hair. Because it's been so rainy lately, my hair barometer has been in FULL force. Talk about crazy frizzy hair!
Recent Grossness: Jesse's actual birthday dinner. BLEUUUUUUUUUGH!
Can you see how big that steak is? Look at how small the LOBSTER piece is in comparison... and that was a BAKING TRAY.
For Jesse's birthday I told him I'd buy and make him whatever he wanted for his birthday dinner - and boy did he take advantage of that.
And then because that expensive steak wasn't enough - he decided

########
Rank: 18
Score: 49.332893
Retrieved Text: It's far from a normal day at the office at the Federal Bureau of Control. One doesn't expect to walk in and see dozens of people suspended, motionless, in mid-air. There's something mysterious and demonic at work, a force that's looking to spread through the rest of the world. That's the premise behind Control, the latest effort from the folks at Remedy Entertainment and 505 Games.
Control follows a federal agent named Jesse Faden, who enters the FBC only to find the Director dead and a strange supernatural force looking to break out into the world at large. Now taking over as the new FBC Director, Jesse is the only one able to confront this unknown, otherworldy threat, known only as The Hiss, and save the dozens of people who are being held captive by its seemingly-endless reach. Shacknews attempts to understand what sort of threat faces Jesse, as we went hands-on at this year's Game Developers Conference.
Control plays out like a standard third-person action shooter. Jesse does have a trusty sidearm that she keeps handy, which can be upgraded over the course of the game with various mods. The pistol also has different forms, one of which can be used as a standard firearm and another where shots can be charged for greater effectiveness. Both of these forms can be upgraded with different mods that influence damage, ammo, and other stats. Rarer mods will be hidden within the FBC facility and behind more powerful enemies. But guns aren't all that Jesse has at her disposal.
Jesse also

########
Rank: 19
Score: 49.21439
Retrieved Text: When was Jesse McCartney born?
Jesse McCartney's character on Summerland is who?
Jesse McCartney's favorite color is orange.
Jesse McCartney has Brown hair.
Where was Jesse McCartney born?
Which one is one Jesse McCartney's songs?
What sport does Jesse play?
Jesse's siblings names are what?
Jesse is very close to his older sister Lea?
His favourite song on his album is __________?
He was the oldest in the group of Dreamstreet?
Jesse wants to attend which college?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 49.17295
Retrieved Text: SAN ANTONIO - A jury on Wednesday awarded a San Antonio family just under $125 million in their civil suit against Audi and a driver.
Just over three years ago, Jesse Rivera Jr., who was 7 at the time, was critically injured when the Audi he was riding in was rear-ended.
His father was driving Jesse and his brother to school when they were hit by Gloria Cordova. Jesse was left partially paralyzed and blind in one eye after the crash.
Jesse's parents sued Audi and Cordova. The family claimed that the driver's seat Jesse's father was sitting in was defective. They claimed the defective seat allowed the father's head to strike Jesse's, causing the injuries.
"We truly, truly hope that this leads to consideration by the auto manufacturer to study and control their seats so that this never ever happens to another child or another family," Fidel Rodriguez Jr. said on behalf of the family.
The father and Jesse's brother were not seriously injured in the crash.
During closing arguments, lawyers for the auto maker said the seats met industry standards. They said that Cordova is responsible for the crash and suggested that the child was not properly restrained.
The family was originally asking for $164 million.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 49.06054
Retrieved Text: Michelle Bauer, portrayed by Rebecca Budig, is Ed Bauer's daughter and Rick's half-sister. Michelle just started her freshman year at Springfield U. She lost her first love, Zachary the Angel, thankfully. He was the biggest writing mistake on GL to date, as far as I'm concerned. She also recently mended fences with her best friend Bill Lewis, but then he disappeared from her storyline again. J Chamberlain was in love with her, but now she's dating Jesse Blue, who was the recipient of Maureen's heart. Michelle misses her adopted mother Maureen a great deal, but enjoys a special relationship with Holly Lindsay Reade and Abigail Blume.
Michelle and Jesse were about to run off and elope when Michelle was caught in the fire at Reva's. They took off her bandages, but she is sure she's going to be permanently blind. Rick is the only one that knows she's actually blind, and she wants to go away to some blind school in Nebraska or somewhere and learn how not to be a burden on her loved ones. She's trying to hide her blindness from Jesse and Ed, and it's working so far, even though it is completely unbelievable to the audience! I thought the writers were going to give us a break here and let Jesse figure out she's blind (duh, Jesse! She has yet to actually look at you) but she fed him some line about eyedrops and she believed him. I don't know if this is supposed to be heartwrenching or sad at all, but it's

########
Rank: 22
Score: 48.950855
Retrieved Text: The Jesse Correia Memorial Scholarship Fund was created in memory of my five and a half year old son. Jesse loved everything about his life. He loved the outdoors and was very happy camping and hiking. His school encouraged the arts, and he enjoyed acting in plays and loved to draw. Jesse's life was enriched by his participation in Tumbling Tots and by having the dream of playing baseball for the FSU Seminoles. At such a tender age, these activities and his own dreams provided him with inspiration, a sense of purpose, discipline, and enhanced his self-esteem. All of this by having fun!
The Jesse Correia Memorial Scholarship Fund now supports Spring Break Camps at Jack McLean, LeVerne Payne, and Walker-Ford community centers. Planned activities include a variety of arts & crafts, fun games, field trips, and guest speakers. Special events such as wildlife presentations, peacebuilding, non-violent communication segments, as well as STEAM-centered (Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, and Math) activities are also integral parts of these camps.
Funding from the Jesse Correia Memorial helps to provide supplies, materials, and personnel to operate the camps while allowing campers to attend and participate free of charge. Breakfast and lunch are also provided everyday for free.
The Trousdell Gymnastics Center hosts an end of session Gymnastics and Dance recital. The Jesse Correia Memorial Scholarship Fund helps offset the cost of costumes and participation for those who may need assistance.
This annual event showcases skills worked on, throughout the year, by the young gymnasts and dancers.
Tallahassee Democrat - Sally Butzin, "Mother turns grief toward

########
Rank: 23
Score: 48.78341
Retrieved Text: The Book Boat's In is a picture book about a boy named Jesse, in the year 1835. Jesse is excited over the arrival of Mr. Edwards' book boat, a floating library and bookstore that travels along the Erie Canal. There he finds a book that he desperately wants but hasn't the money to buy. Jesse decides to earn the money, but he has only a week until the book boat comes back on its last trip for the season.
Background: Cynthia Cotten is the author of many children's books, including Snow Ponies, At The Edge of The Woods, and Rain Play. She grew up in Lockport, New York, on the banks of the Erie Canal. She loves learning about the history of that area.
Author's purpose - What is the author's purpose?
What did you learn about the time when Jesse lives?
Characterization - What character traits describe Jesse? Give examples of his actions for these traits.
Define words you might not be familiar with, such as wharf, gangplank, jounced, livery stable, and fidgety. Come up with synonyms and read them in the sentences they appear in. Why did the author choose the words she did instead of the synonyms?
Find excerpts from The Swiss Family Robinson. Contrast to what you like to read.
Are there other books about this time period that you like? Tell the class about them and why you like them.
Write a paragraph or a story about a time when you wanted something and didn't have enough money to buy it. What did you do?
Write a journal entry as

########
Rank: 24
Score: 48.747093
Retrieved Text: As the end of 2012 rolled around, we found ourselves headed West to Chicago for an engagement shoot with Jessica and Jesse--known in their circles as "The Jessies". They have a pretty cool story, having met at a party of mutual friends. They saw each other, later exchanged numbers, and hit it off. A year later, they were engaged.
We were thrilled to meet and shoot with them around metro Chicago. We started our shoot just outside Jesse's place at a mural you could only hope to find in a place like Chi-town.
Jesse really enjoys Jessica's personality. "She's cheerful, positive....nice. Not standoffish...a real genuine down-to-earth person." And you can sense her love and respect for him, and the security she has in his presence--truly refreshing. Jesse told us the story of how he proposed. It was very important to him to have both sets of parents around when he would pop the question, but when the day arrived, he was so sick he wasn't sure he could go through with it. But his determination paid off, and with all parents present, he asked her. And she of course said yes!
So don't be fooled by all that sunshine - it was December in Chicago! So we all agreed it would be in our best interest to get something hot to drink (and eat). Jesse being a native Chicagoan was very well educated on the best eats. He suggested Simone's, and we were not disappointed. Also turned out to be a cool environment for a few intimate shots.
This shoot

########
Rank: 25
Score: 48.639736
Retrieved Text: A 12-year-old street kid. A 3-ton killer whale. A magical friendship they could never imagine. An adventure they'll never forget. Wayward preteen Jesse is ordered by the court to clean up the faded Northwest Adventure Park, where he befriends Willy, the park's notoriously difficult orca. As the two misfits bond, Willy joyfully responds to Jesse's commands with a spectacular display of flips, rolls, leaps, and dives. But Jesse discovers the park's owners plan to kill Willy. Now both Jesse and his whale friend must learn how to trust in order to accomplish a nearly impossible feat--to Free Willy.
© 1993 Regency, Canal and Warner Bros. All Rights Reserved.
A wayward boy befriends a moody killer whale.
Save the whale! Still a good family film with a great Michael Jackson title song.
Parents need to know that this movie is farfetched, but it's also very enjoyable. Plot complications (like insurance fraud) may be a little complex for many younger viewers. But kids, particularly animal lovers, will want to see this.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 48.52579
Retrieved Text: Before I start, I just want to say an incredible thank you to all of you who read my post last night - and who took the time to comment, message and email. It was hard to post - and I almost didn't post it. In fact, last week I went to post it and deleted it because I didn't know how it would be accepted. There has been a little backlash, but an overwhelming outpouring of love - and I cannot thank you enough.
The amount of people who read that post in just a few hours is astounding - and the sheer number of you who got in touch with us was incredible. Jesse and I went to bed last night with a smile on our face, reading all of your comments and being so incredibly thankful for every single one of you. Many of you commented or emailed for the first time ever, despite being a reader for a while and we really hope to see more comments from you around - don't be shy! We love getting to know SIL readers, since you already know so much about us!
If you read last night's post, you'd know that getting married in a traditional church ceremony was incredibly important to me - and whilst at first, it wasn't so important to Jesse (he just wanted to marry me), it was something that became important for him too.
The church we chose was St Paul's Anglican Church at Burwood - the church where my parents were married

########
Rank: 27
Score: 48.387405
Retrieved Text: Overview... a 104-year-old who doesn't look a day over 17. Unlike other immortal teenagers, however, Jesse Tuck doesn't chose to brood on his hapless fate. The way Jesse sees it, being 17 forever is actually kind of fun. So when 10-year-old Winnie Foster stumbles onto the Tuck home, Jesse's more than happy to show her the perks of being immortal.
Personality... charming and carefree, but not entirely happy. While he's adjusted to immortality better than the rest of his family, Jesse has a few quibbles with never aging. He'd like to fall in love, for one, but it's hard to do that when Jesse's guaranteed to outlive any romantic partner he finds – never mind not aging.
Jesse Tuck's popularity ranking on CharacTour is #544 out of 5,000+ characters. See our top-ranked characters and read their profiles.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 48.30864
Retrieved Text: Spoilers for The Flash. Trigger warning for abuse, violence, and imprisonment.
Barry no longer has his speed powers, Caitlin's been kidnapped by Zoom, and Zoom is running around faster than ever. For Team Flash, it is not a good day to be in Central City. When a meta-human kidnaps Harry, the team has to figure out a way to save him... without Barry's speed abilities.
Hunter: "You're here because I love you. It may take awhile, but someday you'll start feeling that way about me again too."
Wally visits Joe at the precinct. He asks him about the Flash--it wasn't hard to figure out Joe was the connection to the Flash. But Wally doesn't want to know the Flash's identity; he wants to talk to him. However, Joe refuses, saying right now wasn't the best time. Harry shows up at Jesse's apartment. She's still angry at him and refuses to leave with him. She says she's as afraid of Harry as she is of Zoom. (Poor Harry. This is just one sad pity party after another for these guys.) As Harry drives away, a man steps out in the middle of the road. Harry slams on his brakes, but the van hits the guy. Only the guy is a super strong meta, and his body smashes the front end of the van. He comes around to the side and kidnaps Harry!
Killer Frost: "Let's make a deal. You get me out of this box, and I'll help you get home. Might even throw in some wardrobe tips for free. So

########
Rank: 29
Score: 48.247944
Retrieved Text: This is Jesse John Hughes's basic pedigree chart. There are many additional tools for Jesse's genealogy below.
Here is a collection of tools for genealogists with an interest in Jesse's family history.
If you are a genealogist but don't want to login right now see the contact information below. Please don't leave if you have data and sources to add for Jesse.
This page is empty. Do you know who Jesse's parents were? Please contact profile managers.
This shows up to five generations of children and grandchildren of Jesse along with their spouses.
Genetic genealogy is the new frontier. Our two DNA views are designed to help you use genetic testing to confirm and expand Jesse's genealogy. The DNA Ancestors page shows the specific ancestors from whom Jesse gets his Y chromosome and mitochondrial DNA. Especially helpful for some serious genetic genealogists is the inheritance pattern for Jesse's X chromosome, also shown here. The DNA Descendants page shows exactly who has inherited Jesse's testable DNA.
This tool helps you take things a step beyond the DNA Ancestors and DNA Descendants views. The ambitious goal: scientific confirmation of each parent-child relationship in Jesse's tree. This is still fairly complex but it's getting simpler every day.
How many degrees of separation are between Jesse and Henry VIII? This Connection Finder includes relationships through marriage, so it is not a genealogical cousin calculator like our Relationship Finder, but it's a fun way to illustrate how closely we're all connected.
There aren't any photographs or source images for Jesse yet. Login to upload one.
This page shows all the

================



======= Instance Index 16308 =========
Input Text: Context: Tracy didn't agree with Skylar but as Skylar was their boss, Tracy obeyed Skylar's order to sack the lovely new worker they had employed but Skylar didnt like.

Question: How would Tracy feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: guilty

B: happy

C: proud

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 65.65246
Retrieved Text: 3 Ice Cubes: Former "Jerseylicious" Star Expecting Second Daughter!
Tracy DiMarco Eps of "Jerseylicious" fame is expecting her second child with husband Corey Eps and they did a huge gender reveal over Mother's Day weekend. If you keep up with the hairdresser extraordinaire on Instagram, you would have seen that she kept fans at the edges of their seats after she revealed that she was pregnant again and that we would have to wait until May 7th to find out the gender. Luckily, we were not alone as mom, dad, and baby girl Skylar James also waited until the same day to find out.
To honor Corey's father, Gene, who recently passed away, the Eps family planned a baseball event where Tracy would throw the pitch to Corey. When he hit the ball, blue would come out for a boy and pink would come out for a girl. I was so sure that it was a boy that I was shocked when the ball turned hot pink but super excited for the expanding family. This baby could not have come at a better time and it is clear from Skylar's personal Instagram that she is already a fashionista, like her mommy. No doubt the new baby, named __ Gene Eps will be super fashion forward as well. Congratulations to the Eps family! We cannot wait to see your new addition and love the way that you took a gender reveal to the next level!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 56.763718
Retrieved Text: A force of evil surrounds him.
"NO!" Skylar yelled sitting up in his bed. "Another bloody dream" He thought to himself. Well these had actually been nightmares, but not those fictional nightmares normal people had, no, these were events that actually happened. Skylar's mother dying at childbirth. Then every once in awhile Skylar would have a dream about what seemed to be the future a guy in a cloak, this guy seemed like he was evil like looking at death itself, this guy, looked like Skylar. Skylar wasn't certain though he never thought of himsell killing people like the guy in the dream did.
Skylar got out of bed threw on a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt and headed out of the dorms. Right as he reached the door Sky stopped, turned around, and went to grab his cloak then headed back outside to the Slytherin Common Room. There he grab a couple of cookies off the table and headed out of the Common Room.
Sneaking his was past a couple of professors, Skylar finally, made it to the Great Hall and then went outside. He took a breath in of the fresh air of the night. He looked up at the sky, no stars, it was rather cloudy and was suggesting rain. Earlier that day, it had poured like none other, then stopped about dinner time.
Skylar headed towards the lake and his normal sitting place, an oddly shaped rock that was right on the opposite side of the lake. Once there, Skylar climbed up on

########
Rank: 2
Score: 55.127434
Retrieved Text: That moment when the image of Skylar's gorgeous bolero appeared in front of me, I knew this Chesapeake bridal session was going to be a gem to share. Bride Skylar contacted Sarah of Sarah Street Photography only a few short weeks before her wedding. She wasn't originally going to have bridals taken (it was almost as if she had read into the future and saw our Tuesday Tidbits on Bridal Portraits!), but she wanted to have no regrets as there aren't very many times you can wear a bridal gown!
At the ripe temperature of 35 degrees, it was a very cold afternoon, but you would have never known it by how radiant Skylar looked. Between her family friend's farm, the gown, soft wintry bolero, and her Badgley Mischka heels, she was picture perfect.
Skylar and her hubby were married late November in Williamsburg, so we wish them much happiness as newlyweds!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 54.982903
Retrieved Text: SHE’S THE ULTIMATE WEAPON IN FIGHTING DESTINY.
New York Times and USA Today bestselling author Suzanne Brockmann and her daughter Melanie Brockmann have written a pulse-pounding novel of paranormal suspense set in a near future both fantastic and frightening.
I was a little nervous about this one when I got the email blast from Sourcefire to have the opporunity to review this one. It is called a "paranormal suspense" but I would say it leans more towards science fiction, so don't let that fool you into thinking this book isn't for you. It was actually a lot better than I was anticipating because it didn't have all the elements of your typical "Girl Finds Out She Has Superpowers" type deal.
I really liked Skylar. I thought she was pretty cool -- the type of person I'd want to be friends with if they were real. She took her responsibilities seriously and wanted to do the right thing by Sasha and her family. I liked that Skylar saw Sasha almost as a little sister. I also liked that she was JUST friends with Calvin. I liked that their relationship wasn't defined by them wanting each other but not doing anything about it. While I do think Calvin has feelings for Skylar, she just sees him as a brother-type individual. This was SO REFRESHING. Actually, Calvin's character in general was refreshing: a disabled, poc character who was right in the mix of things. Skylar was always adamant about him coming along, whether it be to the training sessions or to the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 54.5676
Retrieved Text: Our Christmas party -- held at Skylar's request, partially because she wanted to wear a fancy velvet dress -- is several hours in the past. But seeing the remaining dishes has revived the evening's impressions.
kdotdammit and I both remarked how much we like our friends, particularly when they interact with people they don't know as well. It's a test of something, what we want to test for.
Items of note included Kim's risotto; Eric doing his higher octave version of "Thunder Road;" Alice hinting that I should leave her and Skylar alone by saying, "It would be nice to, like, be alone;" Hannah and Alice rushing to Skylar's aid with feel-better jewelry after she took a spill; Laura's mulled wine (which I preferred before the addition of the forgotten sugar); Jesse rocking out on the little kid's guitar; Laurie not making me wash the plastic cups; the kids sitting around the chimenea, ever so cute; Susan and Richard's awesome gift to me of a George W. Bush "aviator" doll; David playing "Jingle Bells" for all; Joanna's new MLA haircut; Chris's impeturbabilty when Des and Trav were flailing about him; the little "scary" doll things that elizabeg brought for Skylar and Kim; Richard having a few too many chocolate-covered raisins; Michael and Eric talking philosophy; Elliot's immersion in the world of iPod; Sean's Delta blues impression on the little kid's guitar; Lina's question about smoking when Sean's adviser was present; Beth's cake-bread thing that Kim is now eating; Sara and Yuanyuan talking about music; Skylar and Trav taking

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.563244
Retrieved Text: For Drew Lawson, there isn't anyone else as undeniably off-limits as the addictively sweet, mind-wreckingly beautiful Skylar Sullivan. Hell, she's the very definition of the girl-next-door do-gooder. And while he is officially classified as a white hat hacker by the suit-wearing folks who keep track of that sort of thing, no one would ever say that hat of his is exactly pristine.
So when Skylar's arrival at his doorstep on the roughest night of the year for him every year leads to a downright memorable hotel mishap, an impromptu winter road trip, and the discovery of a secret that could change how she sees him forever, Drew is convinced the universe is on some kind of convoluted mission to thaw his cold, jaded heart.
...Because, lordy, they've certainly sent in a ringer to get the job done right.
Before That Promise is a quick & emotional, short & sweet crossover holiday novella starring two of my favorite secondary characters -- Skylar Sullivan from my Can't Resist series, all grown up, and Drew Lawson from my Cactus Creek series, as swoonworthy as ever (no worries, you don't have to have read either of those series). There's a HFN (happily-for-now) ending, with the second book in this duet (Every Promise Unspoken) picking up a few years down the line for this utterly meant to be couple.
NOTE: Book Two will be released after Violet's medical prognosis improves (she's been on medical leave since January 2017 receiving aggressive new treatments and surgeries for multiple failing organs). We're hopeful that these treatments take and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.21999
Retrieved Text: Listen To Pitbull & Skylar Grey's "Aquaman" Soundtrack Songs!
Critics are saying the “Aquaman” movie that hits theaters next week is going to tank in the box office. But even if “Aquaman” proves to be another disaster for DC, we would at least have gotten something good of out of it. What? Pitbull and Skylar Grey's new songs. The “Aquaman” soundtrack album got released today and out of all the tracks, the ones by Mr Worldwide and the former Eminem protégée are the only that are not instrumentals. Hmm, was the budget too tight or what?
Pitbull’s song is “Ocean to Ocean" and it is an upbeat, feel-good record that samples Toto's legendary hit “Africa”.
Skylar Grey's song is “Everything I Need” (what a fitting title) and it is a beautiful piano ballad. I had actually forgotten how much I liked Skylar's voice. I hope she's able to pull a comeback in the near future. She's super talented.
Which of the two is your favorite?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 52.28908
Retrieved Text: Not every new Netflix series can be a winner, but the presence of Drew Barrymore and Justified alum Timothy Olyphant at least has our attention for the new streaming “dark comedy” Santa Clarita Diet. See for yourself in the first photos, and find out when the new series premieres in early 2017.
Sure! The series also stars Skylar Gisondo as Eric Bemis, with Victor Fresco (Better Off Ted) acting as showrunner, and Barrymore, Olyphant, Aaron Kaplan, Tracy Katsky, Chris Miller and Ember Truesdell serving as executive producers.
Full trailer won’t be far behind, but what do we make of the first look?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 52.146763
Retrieved Text: Summer-Glau.com Forum » Filmography » Other movies/shows » Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish and let Zoe be used by Red Flag?
At the end of Alphas season 2 episode 6 'Alphaville', Skylar escapes with her daughter Zoe and is later approached by Stanton Parish himself. He offers Skylar "to help make the world a better place" by providing "an environment that child like Zoe and Skylar herself can shrive in".
Will she join him and let her daughter's power become a tool of Red Flag? Take the poll!
It's hard to say. The situation is complex.
Frankly, I think Skylar just wants to be left alone to raise Zoe without interference but with the support of a community.
She lost that community in 2x06 and she has no reason to trust Parish after his lackey's destroyed it.
Given her issues with Rosen, I doubt she'd turn to him or his group.
I would say she would probably strike out on her own again, but we already know she's returning for two more episodes so that doesn't seem likely.
So like I said, it's complex. I'll wait and see where the series takes us to find out.
Oh yeah! I hope she zaps Parish. I really hate assholes who go about acting all gentrified when in truth all they want is power and destruction.
You make good points Russell.
We know that, as hard she'd like to avoid all this, she'll be involved in the latest episodes.
She turned

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.04863
Retrieved Text: Location : Stalker much? but if you must know, behind you.
Benjamin watched the dog bow. "Hello, Skylar. If you're looking for a pack, you've found the right place. I allow you to join." Benjamin said. Jackie perked her ears at the words "i allow you to join." Without thinking, she trotted over to the territory line where Benjamin and Shattered were. "Hello!" Jackie yipped, her tail swaying. Shattered gave her a weird look and Benjamin glared at her. "Umm.... bye." Jackie said, slowly inching back to her rock. You're an idiot! Jackie thought, very embarrassed by her actions. Meanwhile, Serenity saw the whole thing. The stranger bowing, Benjamin saying something, Jackie prancing over to them then going back to her rock. Serenity's eyes switched from wolf to wolf. Benjamin, Shattered, the stranger who looked like a dark ghost, Jackie. Serenity looked up at the mystical sun that was partly covered by small, puffy clouds. She sighed and waited for something to happen.
Midnight dashed a look in every direction then she saw them three males standing at what she did think as the pack boarder she walked over appearing behind the black male and acting no diffrent from how she did when alone. Midnight bowed only slightly because of her hurt paw and the large gash on her side the bow hurt it quite a bit but not enough to make her yelp. "Hello I am Midnight and i would love to join your pack with the alpha's approval."
Benjamin nodded sagely. "You both may join." He said,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 51.443264
Retrieved Text: A secretive hacktivist group named KAOS seemingly hacks whatever program the viewer has been watching. The audience is told that what they are about to view is top secret video footage found hidden in the Edward Snowden files. As the footage begins, the audience is introduced to four high school seniors, twin brother and sister, Skylar and Dakota, and Skylar's boyfriend Corey and Dakota’s boyfriend Tren. They are heading to the mountains to go camping for a long weekend. Skylar, being an aspiring vlogger with his own YouTube Channel, has enlisted his sister and their boyfriends to record the entire weekend on their mobile devices. After they notice strange lights in the sky, unexplainable events begin to unfold. The tensions rise as they struggle to remain sane and safe and race to figure out what is happening and how to escape just as the film comes to a climatic and shocking finale.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.24253
Retrieved Text: Today I want to continue the story of the three little rescue Doberman puppies that we took on in April last year. In the photos in this post, Princess and Lily are about ten weeks old and they were taken in the last four days when we had both puppies. Elsa, the third puppy, was already adopted out to someone who looked she was giving her a good home.
At that point, the two remaining puppies were relentless in their desire to play with Skylar, our red adult Dobie boy, who was mostly a good sport and put up with them.
Here Skylar is wrestling with Lily, do you see how he is holding her down with his right front leg? Of course, Princess wants to be part of the game, too.
Lily found a way to free herself from Skylar's grip.
...but somehow bugging Skylar was even more fun.
Often all three dogs loved involving their humans into their play as well. Yes, these are famous Doberman teeth!
Sometimes it pays off to hide between the legs of the master.
...and most often ready to join the action.
Lily proudly claiming a garden chair.
...which worked for a moment: She is rolling on her back and showing her belly in submission towards him.
Little Lily practicing the "Doberman attitude".
Lily: "You don't want to play with me anymore?"
Lily: "Hah, I know there was a way to get you engaged again."
But sometimes even the puppies had enough from their play and climbed on their master's warm legs to rest and relax.
Or, for even more comfort they climbed

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.137283
Retrieved Text: Skylar is watching Hayao Miyazaki's Spirited Away in the front room. She has been getting increasingly interested in anime and manga lately, with Studio Ghibli's releases at the top of her list. I find repeat viewing of Miyazaki's films very rewarding because, in addition to being spectacularly beautiful examples of the animator's art, they are astonishingly complex from a narrative standpoint. His plots consistently manage to evade the ruts in which films aimed at both children and adults usually get bogged down.
And I think that's good for the people who watch them. The other day Skylar recounted a dream that she'd had the night before, which she said she'd remembered well because it was so strange. In it, she was on the playground at school. The boys, though, appeared in the shape of dogs. And she herself was not human, but, in her words, "a smoke spirit." Only her best friend looked and acted like herself.
"There were these little copies of paintings. She needed to go through the one that looks like the Mona Lisa, but the only way she could do it was if she cried," Skylar noted. "Because she was laughing, other paintings were there instead. I kept trying to make her cry, so she could go through the Mona Lisa." Eventually, passage through this unlikely portal was achieved and both Skylar and her best friend found themselves in the Louvre.
"There was a big costume party going on," she continued. "The weird part was that there was this yellow and white beehive hairdo I

########
Rank: 13
Score: 51.043953
Retrieved Text: This page added on April 1, 2001.
The outdoor pix were from Skylar's Birthday get together. The indoor pix are from around Xmas when Skylar stayed with us for a night.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.650635
Retrieved Text: ... found over at A Little Bit of This and That. Skylar taught me how to make a "spiral" friendship bracelet! Most girls probably learn this technique when they are Skylar's age, but I didn't and I've always wanted to learn! Thanks, Skylar!
I learned from a Crafty Mommy over at Ali.Lilly! Thank you, Ami for sharing this wonderful tutorial! And welcome (back) to Texas!
...found while commenting on one of Sandy Ang's beautiful cards. Having spotted the "most viewed ever" link on her sidebar I just had to check out her beautiful Kusudama Flower Bookmark. The real gem was this link I found on her tutorial page.
Folding Trees (the best tutorials and paper creations online) is no longer an active blog, but in their own words "...we have compiled a valuable resource as a source of inspiration and tutorials, and we hope you’ll continue to visit us..." Well, June and Eve, you can count on me visiting often and I am thrilled to have found you!
I've been inspired to combine these two "techniques" in some ways I think you'll find appealing. I'll be sharing them with you soon!
Which is the same as the one above, but a different layout. The colors are custom colors I entered into the Wordle site. Cool, eh?
The custom coloring on this one I did myself in Photoshop. I made an anniversary card for my friend's using their names, adjectives describing them and their marriage, and proper nouns of the things they like - they loved it! My mind is just spinning with

########
Rank: 15
Score: 50.04776
Retrieved Text: In Tennessee, The Leaf Chronicle reports that Girl Scout Skylar Hughes is turning a very tragic situation into a public awareness campaign while working toward earning her Girl Scout Gold Award.
Skylar's former Middle School physical education teacher Kathryn “Katy” Elizabeth Over and her husband Jonathan Michael Over died along with three others – Timothy Bryan Stone, James Franklin Wall II and Wall’s girlfriend Allison Elizabeth Bagwell-Wyatt – in a carbon monoxide poisoning accident while attending last year’s Leslie W. Watson Memorial Toy Run at the Clarksville Speedway.
All five were found dead in a recreational vehicle the Sunday morning of the festival weekend. The Tennessee medical examiner found over 45 percent carbon monoxide saturation levels in their blood.
The carbon monoxide awareness flier talks about the “invisible killer,” how it is an odorless, colorless and tasteless gas. It explains what can cause the gas, shows a chart of a home and where the potential sources are, and finally what you can do to prevent and be aware of gases. Skylar presented these fliers at Green Day Clarksville.
Next, she got in touch with Roy Gregory, Executive Director of University Advancement at Austin Peay State University, and through Gregory and her mother, she set up a scholarship for those wanting to go into health and human performance as a career – Katy’s degree.
Skylar eventually got in touch with Clarksville Mayor Kim McMillan, Montgomery County Mayor Carolyn Bowers, state Rep. Joe Pitts and state Sen. Tim Barnes.
Pitts said Skylar approached Barnes and himself and asked how the community might honor the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 49.83421
Retrieved Text: I fellasleep for a few short minutes and woke up by Scarlett nudging me "hm?....What?" We landed Scarlett didn't look to good "Ya alright?" I stood up more on my seat "Uh....Yeah Skylar snores in his sleep though" She said I couldn't help but chuckle at this "I figured where is he?" I looked around the helicopter no one was there Scarlett grabbed my wrist "This is all your fault ya know...." She said My eyes were staring stright at her Her face looked..... diffrent. "What?" I stood up did she really just say that? I mean I was talking to Scarlett wasn't I? "Your nothing but a monster" She was staring at the ground her eyes seemed lost "What are you saying Scar- Something made my eyes stare at the floor there was blood everywhere......Three men Scattered across the ground including the sergant, They were all dead. I backed away from the scene I looked past Scarlett I covered my mouth with the sight befor me Skylar was in his sit....with his throat slit I felt the tears rushing down my face "oh my god...." I said "you did it in your sleep" Scarlett said she stood up she had four stabs in her stomach "I tried to fight you off but you got me right here" She held her stomach "Scarlett....." I was terrified I finally noticed the blood all over my shirt "I'm so sorry" I said Scarlett was coming closer "I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry!!!" I screeched I kept apoligizing until

########
Rank: 17
Score: 48.703213
Retrieved Text: I'm headed off soon to the much-anticipated Cracker + Camper Van Beethoven show, for which I did the feature in Phoenix New Times.
It will probably go late, which means it's lucky that Skylar's surgery tomorrow was pushed back an hour.
After voting this afternoon -- Kim and I just brought Skylar into the polling station -- for John Kerry -- a practical decision, we think -- we came home to have a family dinner and rest.
Kim sent me next door to her parents to get an onion, which led to me getting in a conversation with them about politics. Thank G-d that they are Democrats. I have an increasingly hard time even looking at Republicans. I mean, the Democrats have problems. But this is the worst President we've had in our nation's history, by far.
On the way out of their door, I tripped over one of their "Malibu lights" -- a real term, apparently -- because I was blown away by the rain-swept blush of the sky.
I rushed home, picked up Skylar, and carried her outside to see the sunset, Kim following close behind.
Believe it or not, we get sunsets nearly this nice several times a week during the two seasons of potential rain, mid-winter and the monsoon.
I used to be dumbfounded by the people around me on BART who couldn't be bothered to look out the train window to see the spectacular sunsets over the Golden Gate as we travelled between El Cerrito and El Cerrito Del Norte stations.
I'm so, so glad that my five-year-old has

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.695396
Retrieved Text: In kindergarten Skylar and her classmates at Manzanita were told to use "kids' spelling" all the time. When I was volunteering in her class I'd say, "Use your sounders!," because that made-up word did the best job of reminding them what do do. Now that they're in first grade, though, they have spelling tests each week. The transition from an approach where the emphasis is on expression alone to one where being correct takes precedence has been confusing at times. As my friend whose daughter is two years ahead of Skylar once noted, even six and seven-year-olds can sense ideological conflict in the classroom. Luckily for Skylar, though, the injunction to start doing things the grown-up way has been tempered by plenty of encouragement to use "kids' spelling" in other assignments. When she writes us her weekly note or does her homework, she is permitted to translate sound to paper phonetically in order to bridge the many gaps in her orthographic expertise.
I struggled to figure some of the words out, but once I did, I was delighted. "Veginya" for "Virginia"; "cheravled" for "travelled"; "Callaforsyu" for "California" -- these transcriptions capture the nasal quality of American English pronunciation beautifully. Linguists can learn a lot from children. Toddlers especially. But the lingering use of "kids' spelling" at Skylar's age gives that utility a longer shelf life. I just hope that the transition from this hybrid spelling situation to all-grown-up all the time works out as well as the last one.
1) Those that don't read much have to tendency

########
Rank: 19
Score: 48.258743
Retrieved Text: 10 years ago, Skylar’s dad left her without explanation, and whenever she tried asking her mum for the answer, she wouldn’t tell her. Now 18 years old Skylar all grown up and ready to go to college. But before starting her first semester, Skylar went away to her cousin’s house, Kayla, for a summer holiday. While on her way there, she was stopped by a gorgeous cop for a random check and was immediately attracted to him but didn’t do anything about it, except noted on his name – Doug.
Kayla’s mum owned a restaurant, and due to short of staff, Skylar offered to help, and that’s when she saw the cop again. However, he didn’t acknowledge her, and he was also using a different name – Mason. Skylar was confused, and when Nick, Mason’s brother invited Kayla and her to a beach party, she agreed, she thought it would be a great chance to find out more, but what she didn’t realise that it was the beginning of her dangerous discovery.
Mason was surprised that Skylar remembered him despite having her memory wiped. He was intrigued by it and also felt something was special about her, so he kept a close eye on her. It was lucky that he did because Skylar was almost drowned on the beach. Besides noticing that Skylar was able to see the Vultures, Mason also was curious about how she managed to kill his Demigod brother. While discovering the truth, protecting and being so close to her, Mason’s wall surrounding his heart

########
Rank: 20
Score: 47.076862
Retrieved Text: Skylar Williams was a college student and young mother who was abducted from Ohio State University’s Mansfield campus.
Tragically, a Cleveland news journalist is now reporting that both Skylar and Ty’Rell Pounds – the man accused of abducting her – are dead. “Source: Man, who allegedly abducted a woman on OSU campus in Mansfield, and that woman are reportedly dead in Kentucky. Working to find out more. @WEWS,” wrote journalist Tracy Carloss.
Authorities have not confirmed that account officially, but News 5 reports that a law enforcement source confirmed it. Family members indicated on Facebook that the family had not yet been informed.
The abduction occurred on February 11, 2019 at around 1:45 a.m., when, according to the news release, “a female student (Skylar Williams) was standing in a parking lot located on our Mansfield campus when she was approached by a male suspect known to her. Reports indicate the suspect displayed a handgun and forced the female student into his vehicle. He then fled the area with the victim.” You can listen to the 911 call made by a witness here.
On the evening of February 11, authorities confirmed that two people were dead in Kentucky “after a shooting on an interstate highway.” WKYT-TV reported, that after receiving a distress call and after a chase erupted, “police say officers opened fire, shooting a man and a woman in the car.” Authorities had not confirmed whether these people were Pounds and Williams, however.
Ty’Rell Pounds with the child he shared with Williams.
On Instagram, Pounds’ profile picture shows him with a young

########
Rank: 21
Score: 46.49528
Retrieved Text: Everyone loves Skylar Whitfield, Greendown Couty's winsome charmer. He has innate sexiness that makes women smile. But he doesn't make his cousin Jonathan smile. Jonathan's a Harvard preppy gracing the South for the first time and he has a hard time with Skylar's penchant for hot summer nights, long-legged women and southern masculinity. Skylar has an equal distaste for Jonathan's presumptions, snobbery and northern propriety.
Hired by a wealthy family to locate their teenage daughter, Sunny Randall, a former cop turned Boston P.I., soon finds herself the bodyguard for a difficult teenager who refuses to return to her family. But before long, Sunny is facing greater problems than she ever imagined including a criminal conspiracy that reaches to the top of the state government.
Young Fletch is less than pleased to be writing a business story, something that's well outside his field of expertise. Eager to get back out on the streets, he quickly compiles what he thinks is a well-executed article, complete with quotes from the chairman of the board's recent memos. But when he fails to do his due diligence when researching the company and its associates, he finds himself in hot water...and now out of a job. The chairman has been dead for more than a year.
Realizing his mistake, he visits the widow, Bradley, to make amends - and to ask a few simple questions. But her strange demeanor and puzzling answers leave Fletch perplexed. He can't help but wonder: Why would a dead man still be writing memos to his associates? Is he even

########
Rank: 22
Score: 46.457638
Retrieved Text: Mildred Marian Otto, age 95 of Tracy, formerly of Walnut Grove, passed away Thursday, October 6, 2016 at Prairie View Senior Living in Tracy. Funeral services will be at 10:30 a.m. Monday, October 10 at Trinity Lutheran Church in Walnut Grove. Visitation is 5:00-7:00 p.m. Sunday at the Walnut Grove Funeral Home and will continue one hour prior to services at the church on Monday. Interment is in Johnsonville Township Cemetery. Online condolences may be sent at www.stephensfuneralservice.com. Stephens Funeral Service – Walnut Grove Funeral Home is assisting the family with arrangements.
Mildred Marian (Manke) Otto was born July 3, 1921 in Tracy, Minnesota to William and Bertha (Gilb) Manke. She was baptized and confirmed in the Lutheran faith. Mildred graduated from Tracy High School in 1939 and Mankato Teachers College in 1941. On July 8, 1944 she was united in marriage to William Otto at Faith Lutheran Church in Tracy. Mildred was a farm wife until 1984. She was in charge of taking care of the 300 chickens every year on the farm. Mildred was an animal lover and had a special touch for them. She taught school in Amiret for 3 years, and in Lucan and Wabasso public schools from 1964 until the early 1980’s. The couple moved to Walnut Grove in 1983 where Mildred lived until moving into O’Brien Court where she has resided for the last 5 years. Mildred was a member of Trinity Johnsonville Lutheran Church and Trinity Lutheran Church in Walnut Grove where she taught Sunday School and was Superintendent for

########
Rank: 23
Score: 45.679073
Retrieved Text: [08:36] Rhiannon Chatnoir: Welcome everyone to this week's Nonprofit Commons Weekly Meeting!
[08:37] Rhiannon Chatnoir: The Nonprofit Commons in Second Life is sponsored by TechSoup Global and is a program of the TechSoup Global Community & Social Media team.
[08:37] Rhiannon Chatnoir: First a few links to start off the meeting.
[08:38] Rhiannon Chatnoir: Morning all! Happy Friday and let's start off with Introductions!
[08:38] Rhiannon Chatnoir: Please state your real name, location, org, and the ways we can find you online.
[08:38] Loren Alunaia (reeveskd): Keith Reeves, distanSLab Educational Technology Resource Center, Washington, D.C. http://www.distanslab.org.
[08:40] Gentle Heron likes AnnaMina's title.
[08:41] Rhiannon Chatnoir: any more introductions?
[08:41] Rhiannon Chatnoir: Let's move on to TechSoup Announcements!
[08:42] bulaklak: Hello, people! So excited to be here today. I love today's topic - social media. Very near and dear to my heart.
[08:42] bulaklak: ﻿First just a little 'housekeeping' as they say. We will be around next week, but then TechSoup will be closed from December 24 - January 1. So no NPC meeting on the 28th. And next week I'll have some more info on what this means for requesting donation for your org during that time.
[08:44] bulaklak: Last, I just want to let you all know that we are revamping our weekly newsletter By the Cup a little bit, and will be featuring more community-driven content. So, just as for the Local Impact Map, I want you all to think of great stories you might want us to feature. This will be a little less formal than the LIM, so have a little fun with

########
Rank: 24
Score: 45.452423
Retrieved Text: Seventeen-year-old Skylar has been haunted for as long as she can remember by fleeting yet powerful sensations that something is horribly wrong. But despite the visions of disaster that torment her, nothing ever happens, and Sky's beginning to think she's crazy. Then she meets a mysterious, otherworldly boy named Win and discovers the shocking truth her premonitions have tapped into: that our world no longer belongs to us. For thousands of years, life on Earth has been at the mercy of alien scientists who care nothing for humans and are using us as the unwitting subjects of their time-manipulating experiments. Win belongs to a rebel faction seeking to put a stop to it, and he needs Skylar's help to save the world and keep the very fabric of reality together. Megan Crewe's latest tale takes readers on a mind-bending journey through time with a cast of unforgettable characters.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 45.09746
Retrieved Text: Casting an online promotion for a legal defense service offered across the U.S.
Must defend her innocence in the defense of her family's life.
Must keep his family together while his wife, Amanda, faces a long and difficult criminal trial.
Marty's family is in turmoil, and he must put on a brave face for his little sister.
One tough cookie, and she stands tall as her family faces obstacles they never thought they'd encounter.
Helen's daughter is in trouble with the law, and she steps up to help her grandchildren cope.
Has always been tough on his daughter, so when she finds herself on trial for self-defense, he is torn between pride and terror.
Has been on the police force for a long time, and must get to the bottom of a disturbing case before time runs out.
Males must have roughly 34 inch waist OR 44 inch waist.
Females must have roughly 38 inch bust, 32 inch waist.
Spent most of his life in prison, and is on the hunt for easy money when life gives him Skylar and Ricky.
Skylar's young existence has been rough, and she intends to make headlines one way or another, until a thirst for revenge drives her to even darker places.
Ricky's life of crime culminates in a tragic end that leaves his girlfriend, Skylar, on the hunt for revenge.
Dr. Lizer's job is to find and extract justice at all costs, and this time the right side of the line is hard to find.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 44.688507
Retrieved Text: This spinoff series of Disney XD favorites "Lab Rats" and "Mighty Med" brings together characters from the two sci-fi shows to battle common enemies. After the Mighty Med hospital has been destroyed by supervillains, Adam and Leo volunteer to oversee the students at Davenport's Bionic Academy. That allows Kaz, Oliver and Skylar to team up with Chase and Bree to form a powerful force that combines bionic heroes and superheroes. Together, they make it their mission to track down the villains, hoping to rid the world of them and keep things safe for everybody.
Oliver skips out on the tradition of pulling Halloween pranks; Perry enlists Bree's protection for the night.
Bree is offered a sneaker line; the guys compete to design the best mission suit.
Roman and Riker's black swarm returns, so the Elite Force hops into action to protect Centium City.
Tasha introduces baby Maya to the team, and Bree learns what it takes to be a babysitter; Chase obsessively designs a device that reverses the aging process.
While at Caldera, Scarlett turns on Skylar and the rest of the team joins up with a set of android girls to save her.
Chase and Douglas find an intruder in mission command; the boys compete against the girls to see which group can go the longest without using bionics or superpowers.
Oliver's favorite athlete, Clutch, participates in an Olympian Sendoff Celebration.
When Oliver takes Skylar to see her superhero friend, Crossbow, they unknowingly lead Roman right to her; Chase and Bree capture Riker after he tries to retrieve the complete list of superhero

########
Rank: 27
Score: 44.666233
Retrieved Text: **SAFE 09/29/15** Smoky grey baby girl SKYLAR is only about 13 weeks old and she has been at the ACC for much of September. She had some swelling on her face when she arrived, and must be FAR more beautiful in person than her intake photo shows. Yep, they have had her at the shelter since the 10th and not only did they leave her with a crappy picture, but they couldn’t figure out how to find SKYLAR a home. This BABY dies at the hands of a broken shelter system tomorrow, unless a FOSTER or ADOPTER steps up for her tonight!
I am a female gray domestic sh mix. The shelter thinks I am about 13 WEEKS old.
I came in the shelter as a STRAY on 09/10/2015 from NY 11212, owner surrender reason stated was STRAY.
09/23/2015 Exam Type CAGE EXAM – Medical Rating is 3 C – MAJOR CONDITIONS , Behavior Rating is NONE, Weight 2.1 LBS.
09/10/15 15:20 Skylar is an all gray female cat who was brought in as a stray to ACC today. Skylar appears healthy but will undergo a physical health exam. She was nervous and excitable during the Intake process. Skylar allowed herself to be transferred into a new carrier with minimal effort. Skylar fled and hid when an attempt was made to collar and photograph her. When she was caught and in a calmer state she did allow herself to be collared and photographed.
Skylar was brought in as a stray, so we cannot speak to her behavior in her previous home.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 44.470562
Retrieved Text: When 16-year-old Skylar Neese snuck out of her Star City, W.Va., home after midnight on July 6, 2012, she never returned.
Six months after her disappearance, one of Neese's best friends from high school, Rachel Shoaf, 16, confessed to authorities that she had stabbed Neese to death with their other friend, Sheila Eddy, 17, and then led police to Neese's remains in a wooded area over the Pennsylvania state line.
On Jan. 24, 2014, Eddy pleaded guilty to first-degree murder for her role in Skylar's death and was sentenced to life in prison. Shoaf was sentenced to 30 years the following month. Both were charged as adults.
Prior to Shoaf's confession, Neese's parents and the police had frantically searched for answers in her disappearance. Up until that point, Shoaf and Eddy, the last people to see Neese alive, had denied knowing what had happened to their friend.
The three high school sophomores had been inseparable, but in the days leading up to her death, Neese's Twitter account showed that something had gone awry. On July 4, 2012, two days before she was murdered, Neese tweeted "it really doesn't take much to p*** me off" and "sick of being at f****** home. Thanks "friends," love hanging out with you all too." The day before she was killed, Neese tweeted, "you doing s*** like that is why I can NEVER completely trust you."
Neese's last tweet, sent out hours before she snuck out of her bedroom window after midnight on July 6, 2012, was a retweet from a friend who had posted, "All

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.632053
Retrieved Text: This mini-series focuses on two people, Tracy Whitney and Jeff Stevens. In the beginning, Tracy was an innocent, who was in love and pregnant, with the son of an affluent family. Obviously her family did not approve of her. She would sent ot prison for a crime she didn't commit. Eventually, she got released. She then set out to get back at the people who framed her. She would try to rebuild her life but her prison record would always be a hindrance. She would be offered a job, stealing jewelry. Jeff is con-man who thought he found true love, but when he learned that his wife did not feel about him as he did, decided to con some of her friends and divorce her. Their paths would cross when Tracy after stealing what she was contracted to, meets up with some policemen, one of whom is Jeff. Apparently her boss tried to double cross her but she manages to outwit them.

================



======= Instance Index 17536 =========
Input Text: Context: Jordan's friend Jan lost their wallet at Jordan's house. Jan asks Jordan to look around and see if the wallet can e found.

Question: Jordan finds the wallet what will they do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Return the wallet to Jan

B: Say they never found the wallet

C: conversing with Jan

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 65.38616
Retrieved Text: Fools in the hood- Jordan, Tony and Joaquin become thugs in order to attract the girl's attention. Tony Lee- originally one of Jordan's rivals in basketball court but soon they become friends. Fools in the hood- Jordan, Tony and Joaquin become thugs in order to attract the girl's attention. Grandpa's wallet is in panic as Monica wants outfits for her doll The Flu- Grand leaves Jordan in charge of the diner but things go wrong. Pam Lewis- Jordan and Monica's overprotective mother who is divorced and works at their grandfather's diner. Tamika Newsome- Jordan and Tony's crush and Tangie's friend. His mom and dad are divorced, and he and his silly younger sister have come with their mother to their grandfather's diner as Jordan has to work there, deal with his critical cousin, Tangie, and how overprotective his mother is.
But he gets his grill stuck. Grandpa's wallet is in panic as Monica wants outfits for her doll The Flu- Grand leaves Jordan in charge of the diner but things go wrong. She also wished to be richer than Oprah. Monica loves to watch her portable DVD player and eat chips. He tries to be cool and be like a gangster, but often fails to his mom being overprotective of him. Jordan will do anything to impress or make her like him. There have been signs that she has a crush on Tony since she is obsessed with him. Tony Lee- originally one of Jordan's rivals in basketball court but soon they become friends. She also wished

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.594486
Retrieved Text: Jeff says he wants to see something of Jordan's. Says that she was supposed to show Jeff and Braden week one. Jordan says it's his loss, and Jeff says it's hers. The two playfully banter.
Jordan's going to put vaseline on because it helps remove the raccoon eyes.
Let's split the feeds...You choose, BAMBAM!
Jordan doesn't know how she's going to put Jeff's number in her cell phone. Says her dad's name is Jeff and it would look funny if he sent her a text message.
Jeff says put me in as "Jeff Big Brother", "Jeff BB", or "JBB".
Jordan says Jeff should put her name in as "Jordo". Or "Gucci". Or "TTYN".
Jeff says that the first few weeks will be the dumbest text messages.
And this is my 10,000th post!
Jordan putting mousse in her hair. Now putting something in that women would put in after they go to the beach.
Jordan breaks out the hair dryer! A little too loud for me, thanks.
Jeff and Jordan singing in the bathroom but no WBRB screen. Now talking about For the Love of Ray J on VH1. Both have seen it. Says their favorite was the small girl who got drunk a lot. Feisty (that's her nickname on the show).
Jordan leaves and Jeff asks if that's what she's wearing. Jordan says yeah, for now. Jeff now silent on the table thing.
Jeff said that he uses women's deodorant in one of his diary room sessions and gets called out by BB.
Jeff says that he likes how BB says his name. Says he wishes they had more

########
Rank: 2
Score: 51.744354
Retrieved Text: DUBAI, Jan 20 (Reuters) – Vietnam's young guns beat Jordan 4-2 on penalties to reach the quarter-finals of the Asian Cup after the match finished 1-1 following extra time at the Al Maktoum Stadium on Sunday.
Jordan's Baha Seif hit the bar and Vietnam goalkeeper Dang Van Lam saved Ahmad Saleh's effort in the shootout to leave substitute Bui Tien Dung to convert his spot kick and send his side through to a meeting with Japan or Saudi Arabia on Thursday.
The match had finished deadlocked after 120 minutes with Jordan's Baha Abdelrahman opening the scoring from an indirect free kick in the first half and Nguyen Cong Phuong equalising with a volley six minutes after the break.
Southeast Asian champions Vietnam poured forward in search of a winner but, for all their possession, neat interplay and stylish touches, they could not quite carve out a goal.
Jordan had beaten reigning champions Australia and Syria to win their group, while Park Hang-seo's youthful Vietnam team had squeaked through to the last 16 by virtue of having a superior disciplinary record to Lebanon.
While there was little to separate the teams over an entertaining contest, Jordan's muscular game ensured they had the best of the first half and they went in front in the 39th minute.
Vietnam had some grounds for grievance, first in that an indirect free kick was awarded inside the box for a high boot and secondly over whether Yousef Al-Rawashdeh actually moved the ball to tee up Abdelrahman.
There could be no complaints about the midfielder's strike, though, as he

########
Rank: 3
Score: 50.96602
Retrieved Text: The ELCA group view outstanding scenery during a Jan. 4 tour at Petra, Jordan, a well-known historic archeological site.
The ELCA visitors saw this famous tomb, carved out of solid rock, at the Petra site.
A close-up view of the most famous tomb at the Petra site.
The Petra ruins include many large, impressive tombs, such as this one, carved from solid rock.
The ELCA bishops introduced themselves to the congregation Jan. 4 at Good Shepherd Evangelical Lutheran Church, Amman.
Confirming one of six confirmands Jan. 4 at Good Shepherd Lutheran Church, Amman, are the Rev. Samer Azar, pastor; ELCJHL Bishop Munib Younan and ELCA Presiding Bishop Mark Hanson.
The Rev. Samer Azar, left, pastor of Good Shepherd Evangelical Lutheran Church, Amman, and ELCA Presiding Bishop Mark Hanson, greet worshippers at the Amman congregation Jan. 4.
The Rev. Gerald Mansholt, bishop, ELCA Central States Synod, greets Zeid Al Rafai, president of the Jordanian Senate Jan. 5 in Amman.
ELCA Presiding Bishop Mark Hanson, center, accepts a gift from Zeid Al Rafai, president of the Jordanian Senate, in Amman Jan. 4. At left is Bishop Munib Younan of the ELCJHL.
Father Nabil Haddad, Jordanian Intefaith Coexistence Research Center, right, addresses the ELCA bishops during a meeting in Amman Jan. 5. To Haddad's right is Jordan's Minister of Islamic Affairs, Abdal Fatah Salah, and ELCJHL Bishop Munib Younan.
Bishop Bruce Burnside, ELCA South Central Synod of Wisconsin, Madison, addresses a question to participants in a forum Jan. 5 at the Jordanian Interfaith Coexistence Resarch Center in Amman. At left is Bishop Murray Finck, ELCA Pacifica Synod, Santa Ana,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 50.577374
Retrieved Text: Marcus James Jordan is an American former college basketball player he plays for the UCF Knights men's basketball team of Conference USA. His father Michael Jordan is a Hall of Fame NBA player. He is an American retired professional basketball player, businessman, principal owner also a chairman of the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Michael Jordan made his career by playing basket ball during his school life and he left his college to get entrance in 1984 NBA drafts. On May 23, 2016 he opened his shoe store "Trophy Room". The store Trophy Room is suaited in Orlando, Florida at Disney World in the Disney Springs retail location.
Marcus Jordan stats are available on internet. her sister is Ysabel Jordan, Victoria Jordan, Jasmine Mickael Jordan and brother is Jeffrey Michael Jordan.
What is Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Profession?
What is Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Educational Qualification?
Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Nationality?
Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Birth Place?
Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Religion /Caste?
Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Girlfriend/Wife /dating /Affairs?
Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Height in feet?
What is Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) weight?
Is Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Married?
Marcus Jordan (Michael Jordan's Son) Family Details/ parents/ family background?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 48.875557
Retrieved Text: Skylight Music Theatre's "Five Guys Named Moe" revives the happy hits of Louis Jordan.
Not everyone knows who Louis Jordan is. Which is sad, because he made some of the happiest sounds in American popular music.
You don't have to take my word for that. Ask Joe Jackson or Paul Cebar, to name just two of the many cats with good taste who have jumped on Jordan.
Skylight Music Theatre's new production of "Five Guys Named Moe," directed by Malkia Stampley, offers a great opportunity to discover Jordan's music. It runs from Jan. 25 through Feb. 10 at the Broadway Theatre Center. Clarke Peters has woven songs associated with Jordan into a show about a broke sad sack whose girlfriend has left him, with the five Moes showing up to ease his pain.
Turning professorial for a moment, Jordan (1908-'75) came out of jazz, dominated the R&B charts of the 1940s, and paved the way for rock 'n' roll. Critics have called his earthy, swinging style "jump blues." When you hear Chuck Berry singing about "my man a-wailin' sax" in "Rock and Roll Music," he could have been singing about Jordan, a talented alto saxophonist as well as vocalist.
Skylight Music Theare performs "Five Guys Named Moe" Jan. 25-Feb. 10 at Broadway Theatre Center, 158 N. Broadway. Visit skylightmusictheatre.org or call (414) 291-7800.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.375427
Retrieved Text: No one wants to buy Michael Jordan's home.
AIR JORDAN RELEASE DATES (UPDATED: ... We don't post dates for every shoe that comes out and we won't sell most of the shoes ... Video tour of Michael Jordan's house.
buying a house and putting the deed in someone elses name?
How to Sell Your Own House. ... But there's a reason most people elect to use a real estate broker when selling their ... that scrutinizing potential buyers won't.
How to add real value to your home ... "But if you plan to sell, ... it won't increase the value of your home.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.77063
Retrieved Text: Jordan has seen demonstrations each Friday the last several months calling for reforms to Jordan's political and economic structures. The Twitter hashtag #ReformJo has been active for several weeks with suggestions and demands for reform, focusing on eliminating corruption and reforming Jordan's election law. Unlike unrest in much of the Arab world, though, Jordan's protests and discussions have been almost entirely peaceful. And, reformists have been quick to affirm their loyalty to Jordan's King Abdullah II.
The last week has seen a new hashtag under #ILoveJordan, during which the Jordanian Twitter community listed dozens of reasons that they love their homeland. Many of the participating tweeps are also active on #ReformJo, but were excited to affirm their loyalty to Jordan and its leadership.
#IloveJordan as everywhere you go, you know someone. Its not a small world its a great Jordan.
#ILoveJordan b/c #JO is one big extended family. You never feel alone. Our doors are open; our hearts are open.
#ilovejordan because you can go out at midnight grab your grocery without fearing for your safety.
#Ilovejordan because its simply my home.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.298317
Retrieved Text: People, December 2, 1991, V. About this Item: Amistad, 2005. Copage's Kwanzaa: An African-American Celebration of Culture and Cooking uses folk tales, proverbs, and recipes to promote the holiday. Dazzling and magical, Between Father and Son is a heartening story with a powerful message that adults and children alike will turn to time and time again. Copage is also the author of books on African-American life and culture. Publishers Weekly, May 29, 2000, review of Soul Food, p. Quotes from notable blacks illustrate the concepts, and each day's lesson wraps up with a call to action designed to boost confidence and urge readers toward their goals.
I need all of you to lend a hand with dinner. As a senior Buddhist meditation teacher, Ethan Nichtern, 36, is well versed in the practice. In Soul Food: 105 Inspirational Stories for African Americans Copage once again offers a wealth of material intended to motivate and inspire African-American readers. May not contain Access Codes or Supplements. Father and son said two meditative practices in their tradition have served them well. He offers Jordan a dirty strip of kente cloth, which he says contains the answers to Jordan's problems.
On this hot but mercifully dry Saturday afternoon in late August, he sat on the front-porch steps of the modest, three-story colonial house he shared with his siblings—eight-year-old Kenny and his twin sister, Lisa—their grandmother, and their widowed father. Education: Earned degree in ethnomusicology. HealthQuest, August 31, 1994, Sara Lomax Reese, review of Black Pearls: Daily Meditations, Affirmations, and Inspirations for African Americans,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 47.268253
Retrieved Text: The Jordan 1 is handed a special update this season in a fitting tribute to Los Angeles All-Star Festivities. Made with black tumbled leather, the pair's uppers are accented with gold detailing, a double-layered Swoosh logo, and perforated detail..
Offered just for women, Jordan's 'Season of Her Collection' will see the brand's iconic Air Jordan 1 reimagined in a series of soft hues. Made from a rich blend of suede and satin, this iteration is dressed in a shade of 'Hydrogen Blue' and is ad..
Offered just for women, Jordan's 'Season of Her Collection' will see the brand's iconic Air Jordan 1 reimagined in a series of soft hues. Made from a rich blend of suede and satin, this iteration is dressed in a shade of 'Sunset Tint', and is dec..
Offered just for women, Jordan's 'Season of Her Collection' will see the brand's iconic Air Jordan 1 reimagined in a series of soft hues. Made from a rich blend of suede and satin, this iteration is dressed in a shade of 'Silt Red', and is decked..
Offered just for women, Jordan's 'Season of Her Collection' will see the brand's iconic Air Jordan 1 reimagined in a series of soft hues. Made from a rich blend of suede and satin, this iteration is dressed in a shade of 'Barely Grape' and is ado..
Deconstructed for a clean, everyday aesthetic, this low-top iteration of the Jordan 1 removes the brand's familiar Swoosh branding and instead adorns its minimal uppers with tonal stitching and perforated detailing. Built from luxe leather, the s..
One of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 47.18619
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON, D.C. - Republican Rep. Jim Jordan again disputed claims that he knew Ohio State University wrestlers he coached were sexually abused by a team doctor, and said an ex-wrestler making the accusations has sent him harassing emails.
Jordan - a conservative House Freedom Caucus cofounder from Champaign County whose name has been mentioned as a possible successor to House Speaker Paul Ryan - met with reporters after a Fourth of July appearance in Fremont to deny the claims first reported by NBC.
In an interview with multiple reporters recorded by CNN, Jordan acknowledged he was once friends with former Ohio State wrestler Mike DiSabato, but said he hadn't heard claims that Dr. Richard Strauss, who died in 2005, sexually abused team members during the two decades when Strauss served as the team's doctor.
"Things he said are just not true," Jordan said. "We knew of no abuse. Never heard of abuse. If we had, we'd have reported it."
Jordan, a former collegiate wrestling star, was an Ohio State assistant wrestling coach from 1986 to 1994. Three former wrestlers including DiSabato told NBC News it was common knowledge that Strauss inappropriately groped student wrestlers during medical appointments and behaved lewdly when taking showers with them. One of the ex-wrestlers told NBC he had told Jordan about the abuse, and Jordan did nothing.
Jordan told reporters the accusations were "flat-out not true."
"I never knew of any abuse from Dr. Strauss, plain and simple," said Jordan, adding that the timing of the accusations "makes you wonder."
He also disputed reports that he'd ignored an

########
Rank: 11
Score: 47.168808
Retrieved Text: Air Jordan 2009 Hall Of Fame	The Air Jordan 2009 is not just another innovative sneaker with clean lines from the Jordan Brand; it's the first sneaker in a new chapter. After the release of the Jordan XX3 in 2008, Jordan Brand decided that their signature model would now be named after the year it was created. This reinforces the importance of Jordan's "23". As for the Air Jordan 2009, it features a new Articulated Propulsion Technology that ensures a responsive feel on the court with strong propulsion characteristics. Other features include a simple design and the return of the Jordan hologram.
To celebrate Michael Jordan's induction in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, Jordan Brand has released the Air Jordan Hall of Fame Pack. This pack contains three sneakers that represent stages of Jordan's career. The three sneakers include the Air Jordan 1 (the beginning), Air Jordan Six Rings (the six championships), and the Air Jordan 2009 (the future/legacy). All three sneakers feature a graphic treatment displaying many of Jordan's statistical accomplishments (32,292 career points, 30.12 ppg scoring average, etc.). All in all, the Air Jordan Hall of Fame Pack is a great way to celebrate the greatest of all time.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 47.111
Retrieved Text: WINNIPEG -- First Nation families say they struggled to get wheelchairs, beds and other health-care services for their children before Ottawa adopted Jordan's Principle.
The principle, which requires kids get access to services without delays caused by jurisdictional issues, is named after Jordan River Anderson. The five-year-old boy from Norway House Cree Nation in Manitoba died in a Winnipeg hospital without ever being able to go home because of a dispute over who would pay for his health care.
Bernadette Sumner said her son Keanu, 17, was falling through the cracks for most of his life because the family lives on the Waywayseecappo First Nation in Manitoba. Keanu was born with achondroplasia -- a bone growth disorder that means he has short limbs and a small torso -- and lumbar stenosis, which left him paralyzed.
"There was no access to many things that he needs on a daily basis, mainly a wheelchair, secondly a lift, because dad and I were lifting him," she said at the first annual Jordan's Principle summit in Winnipeg on Wednesday.
The Sumner family struggled to get through each day and got used to filing paperwork, desperately searching for funding and help for their son. For years, the family looked for ways to get the special hospital bed and wheelchair he needed to avoid developing bed sores, an air conditioner because he needs to stay cool and a bathtub chair.
But after Jordan's Principle, everything changed.
"We had become accustomed to forms," Sumner said. "When we did this form with Jordan's Principle, we were basically able to get

########
Rank: 13
Score: 47.08606
Retrieved Text: 1. Charlie's only son is either Sam or Alex.
2. Jordan's sister is either Alex or Charlie.
3. Jordan is either Sam's brother or Sam's only daughter.
Who is the opposite gender from the other three?
Charlie is the opposite gender.
If Jordan is Sam's only daughter, then Jordan cannot have a sister. Therefore, Jordan must be Sam's brother and a male.
If Jordan's sister is Alex, then fact 1 tells us that Sam is Charlie's only son. But since Jordan is Sam's brother, Sam cannot be Charlie's only son. Therefore, Charlie must be Jordan's sister.
Since Sam is Jordan and Charlie's sibling, Alex must be Charlie's son. Now we know that Alex and Jordan are male, while Charlie is female.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 46.913902
Retrieved Text: Jordan Kennedy, suddenly and unexpectedly, died when he was just 22. Jordan's Gift has been established to remember him whilst, at the same time, helping others.
Jordan Kennedy touched so many people during his 22 years.
He was full of fun, full of life and full of love.
Jordan went out of his way to help others.
Following his sudden death, his family and friends began, 'Jordan's Gift', a Northern Ireland charity. The main purpose of the Charity is to honour Jordan’s memory by raising funds to assist young people who are disadvantaged by way of disability or need. The name ‘Jordan’s Gift’ was chosen not only to represent the awards and funds we would distribute as ‘gifts from Jordan’ but also to remember that when Jordan died, he gave the gift of life to many by the donation of his organs.
Please help us by joining 'Jordan's Gift' 100 Club. Click on 'How you can help' (above) and download an application form. Please complete and return to 'Jordan's Gift' asap. Thank you.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 46.712925
Retrieved Text: Belgian monarch is embarking on a week-long tour of the Middle East.
They are two of the world's most stylish sovereigns, so it was a truly magical moment for royal watchers when Jordan's Queen Rania welcomed Queen Mathilde of Belgium to her country with a warm embrace.
As Queen Mathilde, 43, continues her week-long humanitarian tour of the Middle East today (24 October), she arrived in the Jordan capital of Amman where she spent time with Queen Rania. The pair warmly embraced with huge smiles across their faces as they showcased their vibrantly-coloured outfits for the daytime engagement.
Mathilde – who is known for her distinguished and feminine sartorial choices – showed her support for local craftswomen by sporting a pleated red and white floral skirt thought to have been designed and made by Jordanian artisans. She teamed the autumnal piece with a red chiffon blouse and a matching pair of red suede stilettos to complete the colour-coordinated look.
Queen Rania, meanwhile, also went for a bold outfit by opting for a bright orange high-neck dress featuring statement oversized sleeves which she paired with strappy metallic stilettos by Jimmy Choo. The royals then began a tour of the Jordan River Foundation headquarters. Rania, 46, is patron of the charity.
There was a rare unspoken moment between the two queens as they appeared to get on like a house on fire, chatting away as they beheld art and fabrics being created by locals before touring a boutique-style showroom.
Yesterday (24 October), Queen Mathilde visited Jordan's biggest refugee camp, Al Zaatari in Mafraq, which

########
Rank: 16
Score: 46.631733
Retrieved Text: Jordanian protesters chant slogans against corruption during a March 15 anti-government demonstration in Amman. Jordanians have held Arab Spring-inspired protests since 2011, demanding political reforms and anti-corruption measures. The protests have been peaceful.
Across the turbulent Middle East, Arab revolts have toppled dictators and strongmen. Jordan remains stable for now but the pressure is mounting.
The Syrian war rages right next door, sending a flood of refugees across the border that has strained every resource in the kingdom.
Jordan shares the region's troubles: a faltering economy; rampant unemployment, especially among the young; and a popular demand for a say in how the country is governed.
"Jordan is stable, but you feel what is so unstable," says Labib Kamhawi, describing the contradictions. He is the head of the National Front for Reform, a coalition of political groups and civil society organizations. "The decision-making process is without any input from the people."
Jordan didn't escape Arab Spring protests. When it started in January 2011, demonstrators had some of the same demands as Syria's protest movement next door. But Jordan was different. Protesters stopped short of calling for the downfall of King Abdullah, the boyish-looking monarch educated in the U.S. and Britain.
Syrian refugees at Zaatari refugee camp in the Jordanian city of Mafraq, near the border with Syria, on April 25. The massive influx of refugees fleeing fighting in neighboring Syria is straining the Jordanian system.
And Jordan's security service was relatively restrained, handing out cold water and juice to protesters in a region where riot police regularly use clubs and guns to crush dissent.
"Violence

########
Rank: 17
Score: 46.401546
Retrieved Text: AMMAN, Dec. 4 (Xinhua) -- The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) on Tuesday signed a multi-year loan agreement worth 265 million U.S. dollars with Jordan's state power company to promote its reforms and increase share of renewable energy.
The loan, provided to Jordan's National Electric Power Company (NEPCO), aims at enhancing the integration of renewables into Jordan's national power network, advancing reforms within the company, as well as opening the door for investments to increase the share of renewable energy.
On the sidelines of the agreement, a memorandum of understanding was also signed between the Jordanian government and the EBRD to set an "ambitious" program of reforms to NEPCO's governance and operations, the EBRD said in a statement.
Seeking to boost the role of renewables in Jordan's energy sector, the deal comes after the "successful" deployment of the first rounds of renewable energy in Jordan, the bank said.
"NEPCO has been at the heart of Jordan's remarkable renewable revolution, which leads the way in using private capital and skills to unlock the country's great wind and solar resources," the bank said.
It added that "construction of new substations, automated grid management systems and transmission infrastructure will improve the integration of green energy into the national electricity network."
Since the start of its operation in Jordan in 2012, the EBRD has provided over 1.13 billion dollars in loans to 40 projects in Jordan, 466 million dollars of which were for 12 projects in Jordan's energy sector.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 46.387276
Retrieved Text: Born Louis Thomas Jordan, July 8, 1908, in Brinkley, AR; died from complications after a heart attack, February 4, 1975, in Los Angeles, CA; buried in Mt. Olive Cemetery, St. Louis, MO; son of Jim Jordan (a bandleader and music instructor); married Felice Ernestine Moore (divorced). Education: Attended Arkansas Baptist College.
At the height of his career in the 1940s, bandleader and alto saxophonist Louis Jordan scored 18 Number One hit records. In the tradition of Louis Armstrong and Fats Waller, Jordan exhibited a brilliant sense of showmanship that, as music critic Leonard Feather explained in his book The Jazz Years, brought audiences first-rate entertainment "without any loss of musical integrity." Jordan's jazz-based boogie shuffle rhythms laid the foundation for rhythm and blues, modern electric blues, and rockabilly music. Against the backdrop of house parties, fish frys, and corner grills, Jordan, who was black, performed songs that appealed to millions of black and white listeners. Able to "straddle the fence" between these two audiences, Jordan emerged as one of the first successful crossover artists of American popular music.
Born on July 8, 1908, in Brinkley, Arkansas, Jordan was the son of Jim Jordan, a bandleader and music teacher. Under the tutelage of his father, Jordan began studying clarinet at age seven. After spotting a saxophone in a music store window, however, he "ran errands all over Brinkley" until he could raise the money to purchase the instrument. While on summer vacation at the age of 15, Jordan landed his first gig, with Ruby "Tuna Boy" Williams's Belvedere Orchestra,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 46.221554
Retrieved Text: Jimmy Nelson posted a message on Jerry Jordan's Profile.
Happy Birthday Jerry, I hope you have a great birthday!!
Jerry Jordan Stephenson has a birthday today.
Linda Jackson Neeley posted a message on Jerry Jordan's Profile.
Jerry Jordan Stephenson has a birthday today. New comment added.
Linda Jackson Neeley posted a message on Jerry Jordan's Profile. New comment added.
Reba Campbell Reeves posted a message on Jerry Jordan's Profile. New comment added.
Happy Birthday, Jerry. I hope everything's going great for you today.
David Wood posted a message on Jerry Jordan's Profile. New comment added.
Happy Birthday Jerry!! Have a great day.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 46.10843
Retrieved Text: SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- Not long after the New England Patriots used a second-round selection in the 2014 NFL draft on him, quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo was walking around one of the NFL's rookie-focused events.
Garoppolo made the rounds to various displays set up by businesses who could one day want him to endorse their products. He stopped in the Under Armour and Adidas sections before coming to another room with an unmistakable emblem and an imaginary velvet rope.
Inside the Nike room was a section solely dedicated to the company's most famous brand, the one belonging to Michael Jordan and the logo that's instantly recognized as his.
"They weren't letting anyone back there," Garoppolo said. "I was like 'How do you get back there?' The one guy was like, 'It's a tough group to get into' and was kind of giving me a hard time and joking about it."
The moment confirmed something Garoppolo already knew: When his time came, he wanted to be a part of Jordan brand. Landing an endorsement with Jordan was, in fact, one of the first non-football related goals Garoppolo had when he entered the league. Now, more than four years later, it's a reality, as the San Francisco 49ers QB signed with the eponymous brand over the summer.
"Since I got in the league, it was one of my dreams to be with Jordan, and it came true," Garoppolo said.
Garoppolo's affinity for Jordan's brand began long ago, with Jordan the player.
Growing up in Arlington Heights, Illinois, a suburb about 25 miles northwest of Chicago, Garoppolo

########
Rank: 21
Score: 45.944675
Retrieved Text: Jump Attack and millions of other books are available for Amazon Kindle. Legendary trainer Tim Grover’s internationally acclaimed training program used by the pros, including Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant—now completely revised, updated, and expanded, with new photos. Jump Attack is the vertical jump training program put out by Michael Jordan's trainer Tim Grover. Please do not confuse this with any vertical jump training program actually used by Michael Jordan (or any of Tim's other professional clients for that matter). Despite this, the Jump. 31 Oct - 9 min - Uploaded by Thien Doan Topics covered: 1. The Athletism 2. Disclaimer 3. How it felt 4. Muscle Mass Development Please.
Jump Attack the Ultimate Program On How to Jump Higher and be More Explosive has 48 ratings and 6 reviews. Jeff said: Tim Grover was Michael Jordan's fam. Jump Attack has 66 ratings and 4 reviews. Tony | Outwork said: Grover's claim to fame is simple. He is Michael Jordan's personal trainer. That's it. Bu. 12 Aug Disclaimer: I am not affiliated with “Jump Attack”. If you accessed this page accidentally looking to purchase “Jump Attack” then please continue.
Jump Attack by Tim S. Grover - Legendary trainer Tim Grover's internationally acclaimed training program used by the pros, including Michael Jordan and Kobe. 8 Jun If you're doing JUMP ATTACK, how's it's going? The holds in Phase1 are intense (especially at secs)--prepping the muscles for Phase2. 18 Oct Book Review: Jump Attack by Tim Grover is by Dre Baldwin on caraltoursrl.com Dre is the World's ONLY expert in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 45.538094
Retrieved Text: Jordan lies in the heart of the Middle East in an area known as the Levant, surrounded by Israel, Syria, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and the Red Sea. Rather than being determined by discrete topographical features, Jordan's northern, eastern and southern borders are the result of early 20th century imperial politics. The core of the country is the northern portion of the Jordan Valley and the adjacent highland plateaus, where most of Jordan's nearly 10 million inhabitants reside. Jordan's three biggest cities, Amman, Irbid and Zarqa, are all located in this area. The fertile east bank of the Jordan River is responsible for most of Amman's agricultural production. Most of the rest of the country is desert, containing portions of both the Syrian and Northern Arabian Deserts. Jordan's two primary geographic challenges are its lack of natural resources and its diverse population. For domestic energy needs, Jordan depends on imported oil and natural gas, though it is a significant exporter of phosphates, potash and fertilizers. Native Jordanians are descendants of the Bedouin tribes historically from the region, but over half of Jordan's population is made up of Palestinian Arabs, a reflection of Jordan's shared border and deep historic ties with the Palestinian Territories. Hundreds of thousands of Syrian and Iraqi refugees also live in the country, as well as pockets of Circassians, Armenians and Assyrians. Despite its artificial borders, dearth of natural resources and proximity to regional conflicts in Iraq, Syria and the Palestinian Territories, Jordan has been relatively stable since its founding in 1946. It has

########
Rank: 23
Score: 45.513023
Retrieved Text: A woman was arrested for breaking into a Boynton Beach police substation, stealing food and leaving her wallet at the crime scene.
BOYNTON BEACH, Fla. — A Palm Beach County woman is accused of breaking into a Boynton Beach police substation, stealing food and leaving her wallet at the crime scene.
On Jan. 3, officers arrived to work at 8:33 a.m. at the substation, located at 2210 S. Congress Ave.
While settling into their offices, the officers noticed that the window on the south side of the building, leading into the kitchen area had been broken.
Police say it appeared that someone broke the window and crawled inside, then removed two meals from the refrigerator.
The suspect apparently heated one of the two meals in the microwave and consumed the meal inside the kitchen area.
As a crime scene Investigator surveyed the crime scene, they located a plastic shopping bag on top of a trash can that initially appeared to be discarded trash.
Inside the bag was a wallet that contained a Florida identification card and a State of Florida Security Officer card belonging to Yvelande Jean-Pierre, 29, of suburban West Palm Beach.
A review of video surveillance footage shows a woman first appearing at the substation at 1:25 a.m. At 1:55 a.m., she walked to the rear of the building and grabbed two recycling bins, then walked back to the south side of the building, where the broken window was discovered.
At 2:12 a.m. she was seen climbing over a gate and exiting the compound, walking down S. Congress Avenue.
On Jan. 9, officers met

########
Rank: 24
Score: 45.508904
Retrieved Text: Does the Jordan-Israel peace agreement give Jordan custodianship of the Temple Mount?
Jordanian newspapers today are reporting that Jordanian officials confirm that Jews have no right to pray on the Temple Mount, according to the Israel-Jordan peace treaty signed in 1994.
They were responding to members of Knesset who said that the treaty did not require any Jordanian approval for Jews to pray there.
Paragraph 1 makes it clear that nothing can prohibit Jews from visiting the Temple Mount, just as Muslims or Christians cannot be banned from the area either.
Paragraph 2 has two parts. The first is clearly not prescriptive; it is simply a statement that Israel "respects" Jordan's "special role" without saying what that role is. It does not give Jordan any power to create rules.
The second part is almost prescriptive but not quite; it uses the word "will" instead of the stronger "shall." It also doesn't define what it means to give "high priority" to Jordan's "historic role." If Israel is the party assigning priorities to Jordan's role, that means that Israel can override them. Most importantly, however, is that this sentence only refers to the time of permanent status negotiations (implying that Jordan will be a party to the talks) but it does not say that Jordan's role, whatever that is, is permanent.
Paragraph 3 explicitly calls for freedom of religious worship. This indicates that not only is Israel permitted to allow Jews to visit the Temple Mount and perhaps to allow them to pray, as the previous two paragraphs implied, but it enshrines the freedom

########
Rank: 25
Score: 45.420486
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK (CNS) -- "Ain't nobody got time for reality," says Jordan Sanders (Regina Hall), the successful but outrageously rude Atlanta businesswoman at the center of the comic fantasy "Little" (Universal).
Jordan gets her comeuppance and learns to be more considerate after Stevie (Marley Taylor), a little girl she's insulted, casts a spell that turns her back into a 13-year-old middle schooler (Marsai Martin). As early scenes have shown us, it was at just this age, the first time round, that Jordan learned to defend herself emotionally by being mean to those around her before they could be nasty to her.
The only person in on Jordan's secret is her much-put-upon personal assistant, April (Issa Rae). This turns the tables in their relationship since Jordan is now a powerless child and must rely on April to serves as both her representative at the office and her supposed guardian at home.
Amid predictable routines about preteen Jordan's desire to drink cocktails, drive her flashy sports car and the like, things reach a low ebb in a sequence turning on her very age-inappropriate effort to flirt with her handsome teacher, Mr. Marshall (Justin Hartley).
Similarly, adult Jordan's sleep-in boyfriend, Trevor (Luke James) -- with whom she won't even cohabit for fear of commitment -- shows up at her apartment and begins a striptease, only to find he's doing it in front of a kid. Though he stops immediately, of course, the moment is more uncomfortable than funny.
Along with the sympathetic backstory about how Jordan turned into such a monster, there are notes

########
Rank: 26
Score: 45.3713
Retrieved Text: Download The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, #1) free pdf ebook online. The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, #1) is a book by Robert Jordan on 15-1-1990. Enjoy reading book with 325589 readers by starting download or read online The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, #1).
Download To the Blight (The Eye of the World, #2) free pdf ebook online. To the Blight (The Eye of the World, #2) is a book by Robert Jordan on --1990. Enjoy reading book with 1746 readers by starting download or read online To the Blight (The Eye of the World, #2).
Download Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time #1 free pdf ebook online. Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time #1 is a book by Chuck Dixon on --. Enjoy reading book with 117 readers by starting download or read online Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time #1.
Download Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time:The Eye of the World #1.5 free pdf ebook online. Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time:The Eye of the World #1.5 is a book by Chuck Dixon on 1-1-2010. Enjoy reading book with 142 readers by starting download or read online Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time:The Eye of the World #1.5.
Download Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time : Eye of the World #5 free pdf ebook online. Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time : Eye of the World #5 is a book by Robert Jordan on 1-1-2010. Enjoy reading book with 80 readers by starting download or read online Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time : Eye of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 45.17012
Retrieved Text: Although most Republican congressmen do not think Rep. Jim Jordan can win enough votes to become next House speaker, his stock would rise if the GOP loses its majority in midterm elections and look for a combative foil to majority Democrat rule, The Hill reported on Wednesday.
Jordan's chances of becoming speaker to replace the retiring Paul Ryan are slim, because there are too many rank-and-file Republicans who hold a grudge against the former Freedom Caucus chairman for forcing out then-Speaker John Boehner, a fellow Ohio Republican, in 2015 and then tormenting Ryan.
But while the speaker position needs a majority of the entire House, the minority leader post only requires a simple majority of the Republican conference.
If the GOP does lose its majority in the midterms, the Freedom Caucus would likely hold a higher percentage of the power within the party, as Democrats would most probably defeat moderate Republicans.
"That might be the perfect job for Jim Jordan because of his fighting attitude and his fighting spirit; he doesn't back down," one RSC member told The Hill. "I think he would be a tremendous minority leader."
A senior GOP aide added, "You want a militant attack dog [like Jordan] as the minority leader. You want someone who will be on TV all day, ruthlessly attacking the Democrats. You want the minority leader to be a staunch defender of the president, because Democrats will be focusing on impeachment and you want someone who will defend against that."
While Ryan has endorsed his top deputy, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy as his

########
Rank: 28
Score: 45.160362
Retrieved Text: While Michael Jordan To The Max was originally a 45-minute documentary made for the IMAX format, it has great behind-the-scenes footage, terrific game material, and gets close to Jordan in practice and on the court that makes it a excellent DVD. It also includes a number of greatest hits, including his commercials and most memorable dunks.
The action is on! Michael Jordan explodes on the screen in this box office hit. Follow Michael Jordan's last basketball season as he leads the Chicago Bulls to their sixth NBA championship. Michael Jordan To The Max provides a rare glimpse of Jordan on and off the court. Featuring electrifying court action and candid interviews with Phil Jackson, Steve Kerr, Doug Collins and Bob Costas. Get ready to experience some of the greatest moments in modern sports history from one of the most dominant sports legends of all time.
Editor's Note (Amazon.com): A cinematic homage to one of the greatest NBA basketball players ever, "MIchael Jordan To The Max" is a loving documentary that focuses on the last season the world-class Chicago Bulls player took part in before hanging up his sneakers. It was originally presented in IMAX format, but watching Jordan's signature jumps and plays is just as compelling on video and DVD. Narrated by Laurence Fishburne, the film explores Jordan's various moments of athletic genius, showing highlights of several tense games in which Jordan saved his team from defeat. The film also uses footage of Jordan's appearances in TV commercials, and in various interviews, which illustrate his unique personal dedication

########
Rank: 29
Score: 45.011528
Retrieved Text: Michigan Wolverines Puts Michael Jordan ... On Football Jerseys!
Michigan Wolverines -- Puts Michael Jordan ... On Football Jerseys!
Michael Jordan's empire has expanded to college football ... because his "Jumpman" image is now front and center on the new University of Michigan football jerseys.
Michigan has a deal with Jordan Brand -- and has become the first major college football team to let MJ's line design their uniforms.
The final design -- revealed by UM tight end coach Jay Harbaugh (and brought to our attention by our friends at BSO) -- shows Jordan's basketball logo on the jersey and on the pants.
It's a pretty big move for Michigan ... considering their jerseys are iconic in the college sports landscape.
Question is ... will other schools follow suit? We're lookin' at you, North Carolina.

================



