======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: Context: Cameron decided to have a barbecue and gathered her friends together.

Question: How would Others feel as a result?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: like attending

B: like staying home

C: a good friend to have

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.060238
Retrieved Text: The Shake, Rattle & Smoke event, in Azusa, was our first competition ever, and to say that we were a bit nervous going into it would be an understatement. Not only had we never competed before, we had never even seen a barbecue competition! So, with great anticipation, Kurt and I gathered up my two cookers, a Black Diamond and a Weber Smokey Mountain, and headed off to whatever fate awaited us.
It wasn’t long after we arrived at the cooking site that we came to the realization that this was going to be an even better experience than we could have imagined! Those of you who have never been to a cook-off before (and by the way, you need to try it sometime) would be amazed at how much camaraderie there is at these events! Here were two guys whom no one knew, yet folks actually took an interest in us and made us feel welcome. Having been a member of two previous organizations, both of which had nothing to do with barbecue, and both of which had their little “clicks” (reason I no longer belong), it was great to feel that we were welcome here.
Since we had no real idea as to what we were getting into, we decided to only enter two categories: chicken and the backyard category, which was tri-tip. Well, if there was any doubt that these folks weren’t genuine, it was removed when Kurt and I were called to the stage to accept a 1st place trophy in tri-tip! The cheers

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.827576
Retrieved Text: From left: Tyrese Ruff, Chris Henley, Henry Morgan, Gray Goodrich, Jaylen Scott, Austin Edmonds, Cameron Wetzler, Micah Marshall, Joey Santos, Matthew Curtis, Cameron Ochsenfeld.
Former Mariners now play for eight different high school baseball teams on the Peninsula.
A group of kids form a ragtag baseball team and forge lasting friendships.
Julie Scott recognized this as the plot of the film "The Sandlot," but she also was watching the same storyline play out with her son Jaylen Scott's travel team.
So five years ago, she gathered the Virginia Mariners together on a dusty field after a game at Lindsay Middle School in Hampton and she posed them for a team photo reminiscent of an image from that 1993 film.
The photo remained a favorite of parents from that team even as players went their separate ways for high school. So on April 23, the gang came back together to recreate the shot from 2011.
Sure, the teenagers and their families were succumbing to nostalgia, but they allowed themselves to indulge in some sepia-toned sentimentality.
"All us moms and dads, we were all emotional," Scott said. "We'd traveled with them on that team for years, so it was pretty special for us just to see how much they've grown."
Two fathers formed the Virginia Mariners baseball team. The sons of Chris Ochsenfeld, now the Denbigh baseball coach, and Sean Gibbons had played in Hampton's Northampton Little League together and in 2009 they decided to form a travel squad.
The Mariners avoided a win-at-all-costs mentality. With Ochsenfeld providing the baseball tactics and Gibbons the inspirational speeches, the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.392408
Retrieved Text: Drew Barrymore and Will Kopelman Are Married!
It's official! Drew Barrymore is a married woman.
A source confirms to Us Weekly that Barrymore, 37, and Will Kopelman, 34 said "I do" on Saturday evening at the actress' Montecito, Calif. estate. The couple, currently expecting their first child together, had their family and closest friends in attendance, including Cameron Diaz, pregnant Reese Witherspoon and her husband Jim Toth, Busy Phillips, Jimmy Fallon and his wife Nancy Juvonen.
For the Jewish ceremony -- complete with a custom-made chuppah and performed by Kopelman's rabbi -- the Big Miracle star wore a Chanel gown. (Art consultant Kopelman's father, Arie Kopelman, is the former CEO of Chanel.) Barrymore attended her final dress fitting in Beverly Hills on Thursday with the help of Diaz, 39, her best friend and costar in 2000's "Charlie's Angels." "Drew has been leaning on Cameron a lot," an insider told Us. "Cameron has been very involved."
As designed by Gazebo Flowers, floral arrangements included "hydrangeas, small irises, cream and pink roses and lavender lilies," according to another source.
This is Barrymore's third marriage. The former child star married Welsh bar owner Jeremy Thomas in March 1994 -- only to split one month later. Her second marriage, was to comic Tom Green in July 2001. Green filed for divorce that December.
Barrymore and Kopelman briefly dated in 2010 and reunited in February 2011. Kopelman proposed in December 2011 during the holidays in Sun Valley, Idaho. Barrymore has yet to confirm her pregnancy, but has been proudly showing her growing baby bump. A pal told

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.05836
Retrieved Text: Her husband said she looked “magnificent” as Samantha Cameron donned a beautiful burgundy sari to mark the Hindu festival of Diwali in north-west London.
David Cameron apologised for not wearing traditional Indian dress as he arrived with his wife wearing a navy suit.
But his forehead was marked with a tilak – a red dot worn by Hindu worshippers on religious festivals.
The Prime Minister and Samantha removed their shoes as a mark of respect before entering the Swaminarayan Mandir temple in Neasden.
The place of worship is the largest of its kind outside India and is visited by British Hindus, Jains and Sikhs.
Mr Cameron spoke to thousands of worshippers gathered in the temple’s main hall. He told them: “I think of the values that you are celebrating today – family, community.
The British leader told how he will soon make his third official visit to India.
“This is a vitally important friendship for the United Kingdom,” he said.
“Yes we have a shared language, we have cultural ties, we have a shared past, but what really matters is how we can work together now and in the future.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.736698
Retrieved Text: Our goal is to provide quality meals that will bring friends and families together in a cozy environment in which one feels at home. Throughout our busy lives we don’t always have as much time as we would like for our families and in our home eating times is always our time to come together and enjoy each other’s company. So we opened the doors of our second home, The Sizzle BBQ, to provide outstanding service and fresh quality meals in a welcoming environment to bring friends and families together.
The Sizzle BBQ is our first family restaurant. Maria, the owner and my mother, took the initiative of opening The Sizzle along with her husband Eddie to provide for our family. Our restaurant truly is family from the front to the back and everywhere in between. Maria and Eddie take care of the kitchen along with some extra help. I, Joaquin, manage the front of the house. My 12 year old sister, Camila, came up with the name of the restaurant and my aunt and grandma hand fold all of our empanadas daily.
Maria had the intention of opening her own business for a long time and when my grandfather, who had an empanada store in Argentina for about 40 years, passed away he left her a box with all the recepies. That was the final push my mom needed to go ahead and open up her own place. She decided on barbecue and empanadas for our restaurant because of our passion for that type of food.
We highly

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.527126
Retrieved Text: Lola Omotayo just released some beautiful family pictures from her latest photo shoot. The photos contain different poses of Lola and her children, Cameron and Aliona in their palatial home. In case you don’t know, Lola is the wife of Peter Okoye,one of the Psquare brothers. TVCONTINENTAL gathered the couple has been together for more than ten years but officially got married 5 years ago.
The photos were taken at their Parkview, Ikoyi home.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.475504
Retrieved Text: First Island School Alumni Wedding! Congratulations to Cameron and Wes Mize!
Back in the Summer of 2007, Cameron Powel, Fall 2004, and Wes Mize, Spring 2006, both decided to return to a place they love as summer interns. Before Island School internships revolved around specific research fields, Cameron and Wes spent most of their summer building reef balls. As coral blossomed on their newly constructed homes, a love blossomed between Cameron and Wes. Though Cameron headed to Bates College and Wes to Virginia Tech, the two maintained their relationship until they were joined back together in Boston, MA, where the couple lives now.
Cameron and Wes wed on June 18, 2016, in Cleveland, Ohio. With the sound of steel drums and Kalik bottles opening, the couple brought every detail of the wedding back to Eleuthera, including having the island stitched on the groomsmen’s ties! As our first marriage between two alumni, Cameron and Wes were joined by many Island School friends.
We wish Cameron and Wes Mize a lifetime of happiness and love, full of sun, sand and sea!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.210709
Retrieved Text: One of my wife's favorite things was for me to barbecue something on the grill for dinner. But after a surgery to correct a gastro-intestinal problem she began to notice that certain foods were a problem for her to digest. She isolated two of the culprits: onions and anything in the bell pepper family. That meant no more barbecue sauce!
Pouring in the secret ingredient!
But she loves BBQ chicken and ribs off the grill, so we took a trip to the store to see if there was a barbecue sauce she could eat. Much to our dismay there were none. That's when I decided to make my own. After a couple of years of tinkering with the recipe, we finally got a sauce with the right consistency and flavor. A thick, sweet & tangy sauce that brushes on nicely and gives a great taste to her favorite meats on the grill. We have been using it at home ever since.
BBQ Sauce coming off the line!
Serving it to family and friends over the years, I eventually started getting requests. Apparently it tasted good enough for everyone to enjoy, not just those with a sensitive digestive system. For 10 years now I have been making Hack's BBQ sauce for family and friends and they have been encouraging me to sell it.
Now, it's a dream come true...Hack's BBQ Sauce is now commercially bottled and available for everyone to buy! Try a bottle! I am sure you'll enjoy the sweet and tangy flavor of our rich and tasty sauce.
Having had a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.73433
Retrieved Text: Cameron D. Cox, 14, at the April 17 board meeting was recognized by the Spring Hill Board of Mayor and Aldermen for her altruistic “Penny and a Prayer” campaign to collect donations to help aid the living conditions of families in need.
Cameron initially wanted to volunteer with Habitat for Humanity but, for insurance liability reasons, was considered too young to work on building sites. Inspired by seeing someone drop loose change, she decided every penny can make a difference in the lives of those in need of basic shelter and began collecting small donations from friends and even teamed up with local fundraising sponsors.
The local Habitat office soon agreed to partner with her and the funds she raises will go directly into projects in Maury and Williamson counties.
Along with donations, she also has collected hundreds of pieces of paper with prayers written on them for the families who may one day be residents in the new homes.
Her fundraising efforts have been so effective that she was even recently selected for an honor by the President of the United States.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.659363
Retrieved Text: LAKE CHARLES, LA (KPLC) - Mardi Gras may still be a few weeks away, but in Cameron Parish, they kicked things off on Saturday with the Courir de Mardi Gras.
“They’ve had the Mardi Gras here for years and years and it kind of died off, so we’re trying to revive it," said Derrick Waguespack, a member of the Krewe de Cajun Fous.
The goal of the day was to bring back the traditional roots of Mardi Gras.
Together, the Krewe loaded up in trailers and drove around Cameron Parish begging for ingredients to create the perfect gumbo, complete with a chicken run.
“You’re preparing for lent. You’re having one big party. Mardi Gras is one big party before 40 days of fasting for lent, so everybody just cuts loose, goes wild," Waguespack said.
Cherie and Derek Hardie are two of the founders of the Krewe de Cajun Fous.
They said the day was all about bringing the community together and to have a good time while doing it.
“A lot of friends, lower Cameron Parish, and a lot of Southwest Louisiana just all getting together and promoting a new Krewe and trying to get everybody together and just having a good time,” Cherie Hardie said.
The celebration was one of the many events in the Lake Area leading up to Mardi Gras on Mar. 5.
Hannah Treece is a journalist with KPLC, she previously reported for KYTX CBS19, and graduted from the University of South Carolina with a degree in broadcast journalism. Hannah loves all things furry, friends, faith and food! Hannah would love

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.33947
Retrieved Text: Nicole Ellis says she is known for her barbecue turkey ribs, which she serves as a special at the recently opened 118 Got Soul in downtown Durham.
Ellis describes her menu as soul food, hence the name. Expect fried, smothered or roasted chicken, smothered pork chops and the like. Got Soul, at 118 W. Parrish St., is open 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. seven days a week. The food is presented on a buffet, but served cafeteria style. One meat, two veggies and bread typically costs $9.95.
The format is good for downtown workers who have limited time for lunch, Ellis said.
Ellis, who has a background in home health, had planned to open the business with her sister, who prepares food for a local university fraternity. But her sister got cold feet, Ellis said.
That’s OK, Ellis said. Her mom taught all of her children to cook.
For 37 years, Triangle travelers have been shopping at The Globetrotter, a luggage and travel accessories store now in Cameron Village. Earlier this month, the company’s owners, Jim and Cheryl Fairchild, announced they were closing after a retirement sale.
The Globetrotter, which employs seven along with some seasonal workers, first opened in the former North Hills Mall in 1976. A second store opened three years later in the original Cary Village Mall and then moved to the Cary Towne Center.
The Globetrotter’s location in Cameron Village opened in 1997, and a fourth store in Stonehenge Market on Creedmoor Road was open from 2001 to 2003.
Cheryl Fairchild said the couple plan to continue to live in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.220201
Retrieved Text: We are so excited that we get to showcase another one of the weddings that we had the pleasure of coordinating. Seriously, Amanda and Conor's Malibu West Beach Club wedding gives us all the feels. A blush and white beach wedding, you're definitely to swoon over all of these details.
The couple decided to break the traditional rules of seeing each other on the morning of their wedding day. Amanda woke up to a small wrapped box that was on her nightstand, and shortly later Conor came into the room with a big smile. It was finally their big day. They exchanged gifts privately that morning and then went their separate ways to get ready.
After a year of planning it came down to this one day, and emotions ran wild. Amanda was excited to walk down the aisle and marry the man of her dreams -- Excited to have all of their family and closest friends together in one place, and especially looking forward to their beautiful future together as a new family.
Blush and white filled the villa and beach club and the couple's family and friends gathered from near and far to celebrate the two becoming one.
Thank you Amanda and Conor for choosing The Overwhelmed Bride to coordinate your wedding and we wish you two the most wonderful marriage ahead!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.220135
Retrieved Text: I learnt yesterday that Ruth Lea had decided to join the growing number of people who have decided not to renew their membership of the Conservative Party. As far as I'm aware she hasn't joined another party. She certainly hasn't made any attack on David Cameron. She just doesn't feel part of the Conservative family anymore.
Ruth was one of the party's most reliable allies during our leanest years. When other people - who should have known better - were flocking to join Blair's big tent she stayed with conservatism. Whether it was on BBC Question Time, Radio 4 or in the daily newspapers she was an advocate for staying out of the €uro, keeping taxes low, upholding the family and solidarity with the people who did the right thing - the savers, the people working long hours, the good neighbours. She even lost a lucrative job at the IoD, in part, because she refused to sign up to the developing Blairite consensus there (since, I should say, now completely gone). She moved on to the Centre for Policy Studies where, as Director, on Europe and climate change, she again stood against establishment opinion. It's a CV that should have put her in the Lords.
The remoteness she feels from the Conservative Party today may partly be ideological but it's also more basic, more relational. I asked her yesterday if she had much contact from the Tory leadership. She hesitated but admitted no. She's not alone. Amazing numbers of people who have been influential in conservative circles over

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.140938
Retrieved Text: Author Sandi Lynn: The Wait Is Over!
THEN WE HAPPENED IS LIVE!
Sierra & Cameron are back in book two of the Happened Series.
Now that Sierra & Cameron are happily living together back in California, everything should be perfect. Right?
Amongst all the Prada, Jimmy Choo, Coco Chanel, and Valentino, Sierra is happy to share her life (not so much her closet space) with the man she’s deeply in love with. Continuing to run her successful advertising agency, she sets out to help Cameron fulfill his dreams of getting his construction company up and running off the ground. The only problem is Cameron doesn’t want Sierra’s help and he’s determined to build his company on his own. Does Sierra respect Cameron’s wishes? Or does she do what she thinks is in his best interest? Lines will be crossed and love will be put to the test when family issues arise and forces Sierra to reevaluate everything in her life.
All your favorite friends are back: Kirsty, James, Rosa, Sasha, Delia, Ava, and Don (The King) in the sequel to Then You Happened.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.058996
Retrieved Text: Like last year, also this year RED is going to be one of our brides preferred color.
We spoke about Cinzia and Christian’s wedding on Lake Orta last day with a lot of red details inside. Today we would like to speak about Melissa and Cameron’s wedding.
A young American couple who choose Lake Maggiore and Grand Hotel des Iles Borromées for their Italian wedding.
Cinzia and Christian, Melissa and Cameron: two distant couple connected by a red themed wedding.
Red is color of love, a warm and passionate color. It is a interesting and charming color. In many cultures it is the representation of beauty. Indian, Mussels and Chines brides usually wear red to celebrate love, passion and romanticism.
Melissa and Cameron for their wedding chose to have red all around.
Just have a look to bridesmaids and flower girls dresses, groom tie and of course on the table centerpieces and bridal bouquet.
They decided to celebrate their big day to Grand Hotel des Iles Borromées. Luxury rooms with red and gold colors matched perfectly with Melissa and Cameron’s theme.
Wedding ceremony was held in one of the most beautiful rooms of the hotel. You could admire tapestries, mosaics, and precious marbles which evoke wonderful Belle Epoque times.
Grand Hotel des Iles Borromées is one of the most exclusive hotel in Stresa on Lake Maggiore. It has a wide park facing Borromeo Gulf and a stunning view on Isola Bella and Pescatori Island.
Melissa and Cameron together with their family and friends decided to have great pictures in the amazing rooms of the hotel. All

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.845299
Retrieved Text: From California, Illinois, Iowa, Louisiana, Oklahoma, and all over Texas, Lockhart High School graduates from the class of 1954 gathered in Lockhart to celebrate their 50th anniversary at Chisholm Trail Days.
We were "54 in '54," and thirty-two of us returned in 2004 to renew old friendships, share memories, and enjoy a reunion that we could never have imagined fifty years ago.
Fourteen members of our class had been together since the first grade. Over the school years our numbers grew as new students joined us. Some moved away, but many more stayed for graduation and together we passed the Chain of Knowledge to the Junior Class.
We have sadly said farewell to nine classmates who died.
"We Finish to Begin" was our motto, and the class song was "Throughout the Years to Come." After heated 'debate;' we selected-scarlet and silver as our class colors and the red rose as our flower.
We left high school for the grown-up world and became farmers, ranchers. nurses. engineers, homemakers, teachers, business men and women, law enforcement officers, secretaries, ministers, and served our country in the military.
Reunions have brought us together from time to time, and fifty years passed quickly. Many of us have retired and are traveling, starting new careers, spending more time with family and friends, facing illnesses and loss of loved ones, and supporting each other through good times and bad.
Our class favorites and officers rode in the Chisholm Trail parade in a red 1954 Chevrolet BelAir convertible. The rest of us followed on a float with balloons, bales of hay,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.776667
Retrieved Text: Sidney sat down in the far corner of the black leather. She crossed her arms and legs and turned her head to face the wall. She would have looked out the winder but then she’d had to look at him.
Cameron was already sitting. He too was on the couch and could tell that Sidney had purposefully sat far away from him. He sighed and turned his attention to the guidance counselor.
“Do you see what I mean?” he said pointing to his friend.
Cameron pressed his lips together. He sat stiffly. He had never been in the guidance counselor’s office before unless it was for something school related. He was a good kid. He did his homework, he was friendly with everyone. He didn’t understand why one of his best friends was so angry at him that they needed peer mediation.
She grunted, still staring at the wall.
Sidney cast a side glance over her shoulder. Once she noticed Cameron looking at her, she immediately turned away again. Cameron sighed looking at Mr. Warner. He opened his mouth to begin, but noticed the notebook.
“What’s that for?” he asked.
“To take notes.” Mr. Warner replied.
“I want to make sure I can understand and remember everything you guys tell me. Taking notes allow me to take a look back at your statements and try to piece things together.” Mr. Warner explained.
“Statements?” Cameron stood up from the couch. “You make it sound like we’re on trial for something.
“You’re not on trial.” Mr. Warner said a little louder.
“Do you see what I put up with?”

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.683567
Retrieved Text: Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to celebrate not only the powerhouse cast that makes up My Best Friend’s Wedding, but to imagine what it would have been like had an entirely different group of A-listers taken starring roles. Julia Roberts, Cameron Diaz, Dermot Mulroney, and Rupert Everett reunited to grace the cover of EW’s first-ever romantic comedy-themed issue, but the occasion wasn’t just an excuse to photograph the gang back together again — they also spilled some major secrets.
To start, the movie could have been very different, according to director P.J. Hogan. During the audition process, Hogan says both Reese Witherspoon and Drew Barrymore read for good girl Kimmy, but ultimately Diaz snagged the part.
Meanwhile, Hogan asked friend Russell Crowe to join for a table read of the Wedding script, but the Gladiator star ultimately lost the role to Mulroney. The director also says Roberts suggested Benicio Del Toro to play her gay buddy George.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.67293
Retrieved Text: (800) 626-4324 Pregnant? TEXT: "GETHELP" to "474747"
AVAILABLE 24/7 CALL NOW (800) 626-4324 Pregnant? TEXT: "GETHELP" to "474747"
Hello and Welcome from the Great State of New York!
Thank you for taking the time to view our profile; we feel humbled that you are considering us as potential adoptive parents for your child. We are Mike and Jess from New York.
In the name of love, you are committing the greatest sacrifice, and we commend you for your bravery.
We experienced the beauty of adoption years ago when Jessica’s sister and brother-in-law adopted their first child from Guatemala. Four years later, they adopted their second child; a sweet baby girl from Colombia. Our hearts exploded with love for them. God blessed us with our son, Cameron, four years ago. He brings so much joy to our life, but our hearts have more love to give. We want to bring another child to our family, and we are not alone; Cameron anxiously awaits a baby brother or sister to love.
We can only imagine how difficult this must be and we pray that the Lord guides you in choosing the family that is best for your child.
Here’s the Story – How We Met, Our Roots, Interests and More!
We met just after high school. Jessica likes to say Mike had his eye on her but Jessica certainly reciprocated with playful flirting. Nearly a year passed and we developed a true friendship before becoming a couple. Now we have been together for over 15 years and have been married for 9 years. Our lives look

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.611015
Retrieved Text: Fickle Feline: School on a Saturday.
Brunch is my favourite meal. It has the best parts of breakfast and the best parts of lunch, and since you are combining two meals into one, you get to eat lots. It's even better if you get someone else to cook it for you (a rarity for me).
I had the pleasure of dining at School Bakery & Café this morning with my oldest friend Elizabeth and her mom Carol. Oh yeah, and Cameron joined us as well. It should be noted that she slept right up until the moment the food was served (nice going, kid). Elizabeth's hubby, Scott (the ninja chef in the picture below), is a chef at School Bakery & Cafe. He is also a fabulous Chocolatier and the man behind Rousseau Confections. If you love chocolate and you live in the Toronto area, you need to sample his wares. I am a frequent customer (and not just because we are friends). But back to School. I had been looking forward to this meal all week. I had been promised greatness, and I was not disappointed. It was tough to choose just one dish off the menu. Since Scott is the "egg man" I new I had to order an omelet.
I decided on the Potato-Sausage Omelet: Elizabeth had the Blueberry Buttermilk Pancakes that she had been dreaming about all week: Carol had the Gooey Four Cheese Omelet Soufflé: It was all I could do not to reach over with my fork and stab a piece of each

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.59076
Retrieved Text: Kingsford charcoal wants fans to set aside their differences this season and gather round the grill with football friends and foes. They gathered sports fans, social influencers and media at JerryWorld (otherwise known as AT&T Stadium) for a #BBQDiplomacy tailgate party on September 5th before the Alabama vs. Wisconsin game to spread the word that it’s time to calm down on the conference vs. conference chatter and break brisket together.
Feeding the hungry masses was Chris Lilly, head chef of the award-winning Big Bob Gibson Bar-B-Q Competition Cooking Team, which has amassed four World Barbecue Grand Championships and 12 world titles at Memphis in May, the American Royal World Series of Barbecue and Jack Daniels World Barbecue Championship -- the most recent at the 2014 Memphis in May competition (Grand Champion and first place in pork shoulder) and the 2011 Jack Daniels World Barbecue Championship (Awarded Reserve Grand Champions).
Barbecue has always brought people together with the sights, sounds and smells that can only be created by charcoal and that’s why this season Kingsford is encouraging football and barbecue fans alike to keep their friends close and rivals closer by tweeting @Kingsford using #BBQDiplomacy.
Pitmaster note: This is a fun play using traditional Alabama whole split chickens smoked over indirect heat. Every chicken that comes off this tailgate grill is dipped into a vat of Wisconsin White Sauce and before serving to the fans.
Ingredients: Build a charcoal fire for indirect cooking using Kingsford Charcoal® by situating the coals on only one side of the grill, leaving the other side

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.554598
Retrieved Text: This past weekend, we visited a friend. They had a gigantic bag of rhubarb on their counter. Of course, I had to comment because I'm in constant rhubarb envy. However, we finally had a turn ... after two years after planting my first rhubarb, I finally saw life this spring. Maybe in another two years, I'll finally get a harvest!
After talking a little too much about their rhubarb, they felt bad for me and decided to offer me the entire bag! I realized I was probably a little too pushy about it but they got it from their grandma and they were seeing her the next day and going to get another bag of this size (it was about 5 lbs of rhubarb!). I had to take them up on the offer! Thanks guys!!
Because of our expanded garden, we aren't doing a CSA and therefore not getting amazing bulk fruit. I used this opportunity and use a huge chunk of the rhubarb to make jam for the year. Well, that got me through about 3 pounds. So, I decided to make a simple syrup for some cocktails .. rhubarb and blueberry margaritas or mojitos anyone?! I was down to the last little bit and I decided that I would save it for the weekend and make rhubarb salsa. After getting everything done for the afternoon, I still had about 45 minutes to spare before I needed to pick up Gabriel from school. The bag of rhubarb was just staring at me. It would be nice to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.545694
Retrieved Text: Anna was born and raised in a small town nearby Saint-Petersburg, close to Finnish border. Surrounded by cold waters of Finnish Bay and green dreamy woods, she started to paint and draw before the school. After she moved to Saint-Petersburg with her parents at the age of 10, she started her artistic education at the art school. After graduating, she decided to have a "safe and stabil" education and studied marketing and design. Since 2007 she has been working as a graphic designer and freelance photographer, though never losing her passion to fine arts. 2009, she started the whole new life, married to her love Sergei, who is a musician, moved to Basel, Switzerland. 2010 she gave life to their daughter Sophia. 2012 Anna decided to continue her artistic education at well-known Basel School of Design, where she met many new friends and was experimenting with new mediums and techniques, such as printing, etching, collage and illustration. 2014 started her way as a film photographer. ARTIST STATEMENT Anna describes her artistic style as an intuitive abstract painting, based on her visual experience, gathered together from everyday life, travel impressions, her knowledge about composition and color combining. Her main source of inspiration is a natural world, as well as the process of human eye's perception of colors in different light situations. Anna's work combines different mediums and techniques, she works mostly on canvas and paper, using acrylics, watercolor, gouache, oil paint, many types of pastels and color pencils. INFO Anna is opened to new collaborations, group and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.544937
Retrieved Text: Los Angeles: Actress Cameron Diaz has been sported wearing a new sparkler on her ring finger, leading to speculation that she and boyfriend Benji Madden may be engaged.
Diaz sported a gold ring with a thin band and sparkling stone set in a swirly setting on her ring finger at a recent luncheon celebrating a Hollywood Costume exhibition at the Wilshire May Company Building, the future site of the Academy Museum Of Motion Pictures, here.
It has been reported previously that Diaz and Maddem were “openly acknowledging to friends that they see a long future together, and yes, marriage may be a part of that plan”.
Diaz and Madden, 35, are said to have been dating since May and have been spotted acting ‘cute’ in public together several times. She introduced her beau to her parents in July.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.517214
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Dove Cameron Online at dove-cameron.net! We're a fansite totally devoted to the the american actress and singer Dove Cameron. Here you will find all the latest news, images, videos and information on Dove and her continued career. If you have any questions, concerns or donations please contact me and you will get full credit. Please remember that we're not her and we don't have any contact with Dove or anyone related to her. We hope you enjoy your stay!
Dove Cameron Online is an unofficial fansite. We have no contact with Dove, her friends, her family, representatives, etc. This site is made by fans for the fans. All images in the gallery belong to their respectful owners and no copyright infringement is intended. If anything belongs to you, please contact us and we�ll remove it.
Join Dove cameron Network’s team!
We decided to add people to the team! We’re missing bunch of stuff from the gallery and we need help to post news too. If you love Dove and want to be a part of our team, keep reading!
We’re in need of Gallery Manager and Newsposter.
Gallery Manager: You will help us to update our gallery with the HQ images of Dove Cameron.
Newsposter: You will help us post the daily news on Neens, such as interviews and gallery updates.
• Know how to use the Coppermine gallery?
• Why do you want to be a part of dove-cameron-net?
IMPORTANT: Remember that’s NO money involved. We do this for Dove and because we love her. Good luck to everyone!
IMPORTANT #2: If you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.381763
Retrieved Text: The family of the late Gerard & Margaret Slowey held a huge barbecue recently in Ardara to raise funds for Cancer Care West and two local charities: Ardara Resource Centre and Downstrands Womens Centre. Aine, Mairead and Anthony along with friends and neighbours presented one of the best barbecues ever and we all know Gerard would have been so proud of their efforts. In fact Grainne McGettigan Co-Ordinator for Cancer Care West in Donegal said that the amount raised this year was the biggest ever raised by a barbecue for Cancer Care West. Well done to all involved and we know next year will be just as good. Cancer Care West was presented by Aine, Mairead, Anthony and friends with a cheque for €5,845 and Grainne McGettigan gladly accepted the cheque on behalf of Cancer Care West. Indeed, it was noted that Grainne attended the Barbecue this year and has done each year since Gerard decided to make the donation to Cancer Care West. The two local Charities will receive a donation of €700 each from the proceeds of the Barbecue.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.37783
Retrieved Text: It is a strange time of year. Anniversaries from loved ones passed, their birthdays and most of my closest friends, including myself celebrating another year. This picture was very apt as I see others grieve for their loved ones. Just like the ocean today, murky and unsettled it reflected my mood.
First up this morning was a nice cup of Beef Bone Broth with plenty of salt. I find that this seems to fit into my lifestyle of a busy morning, before time to really get a good breakfast in.
However I did manage to sit myself down with a bowl of Slow Cooker Beef Stew.
Getting to the supermarket early paid off this morning as I took advantage of some specials. While organic is best, it is not always readily available, so I just make do where I can.
Back home and unpacked the goodies.
A simple dish with cooked sliced Plantagenet Pork, avocado and cooked mushrooms with a side of sauerkraut. While Plantagenet is not organic, this company has been instrumental in setting the free-range standards for pork. They are feed predominantly by Milne Feeds. I am currently on the hunt for Nitrate free bacon and thought the Plantagenet Pork may have been an easier option.
I finally was able to source some chives for some Rutabaga Hashbrowns by Charlotte Smith at her blog Salixisme – AIP Living.
And then I decided to divide the recipe and keep to make fresh in the morning with breakfast.
Sage Chicken Breakfast Patties was next on the list. I thought these would be great with

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.362713
Retrieved Text: To reach the lost with the love of Christ To make disciples of them To grow in our relationship with God and with one another.
We are supported through the gifts of the Cooperative Program of the Southern Baptist Convention.
We are supported directly by local Southern Baptist Churches.
We are supported by personal gifts and donations from Alumni and Friends of the Cameron BCM.
We are a fully recognized student organization on campus and strive to be a good member of the on-campus community.
Danny is a Cameron University alum and was active in the BCM (BSU) as a student. After graduation he served as Associate Director from 1983 till 2002 when he took over as Director. Jancy and Danny met at the BCM when both were students and have been happily married since 1982. They have two children and two grandchildren.
Jacey is a Cameron University alum and was active in the BCM as a student. After graduation she was a teacher for 6 years before taking the position of Associate Director in 2013. Jacey and her husband Lionel were high school sweethearts and served together in BCM ministry as students. They have been happily married since 2009 and have two daughters.
The Cameron BCM is a ministry to the students, faculty and staff of Cameron University. While we are supported by the Southern Baptist churches of Oklahoma and our area, all students are welcome and encouraged to participate. Our heart is to encourage students in their spiritual journey as they pursue God’s purpose for their lives.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.347895
Retrieved Text: It’s partially renovated. It’s cute. What to do?
We partnered with our friends at Andress & 3, LLC on this older home in Cameron, Texas. The owners were in the middle of a renovation, but had to move.
Larry found and negotiated the deal. We found the money. Together, we got it at a great price.
There were many exit strategies possible for this property. In the end, we decided to sell the house to another real estate redeveloper, and were able to make a profit with no other effort. Worked for us!
Worked for the buyer, too. As of this writing, he’s selling it as an owner financed property. As far as I know, he hasn’t done any additional work on the house either.
When he finds the right buyer, it will be a great opportunity for someone who needs an affordable house in Cameron they can buy and fix up themselves.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.206738
Retrieved Text: I admit it; I get side tracked when it comes to meal planning. My goal this school year is to use my slow cooker more often and make simple meals, such as these amazing Barbecue Chicken Sandwiches. It became an instant favorite of mine, and what’s best of all… it makes enough for leftover’s depending on the size of your family. Of course if all else fails, you can double the ingredients for this Barbecue Chicken and save some for later. Dinner is served!
Over the summer, one of my friends planned a last minute get together. I mean, really last minute and what was amazing about this get together was that she had food prepared for both the kids and the Moms. Real simple and easy food, but it all tasted incredible. She prepared chicken sandwiches that she made with her slow cooker using this tasty Carolina Gold Barbecue sauce. The chicken came out tender and tangy and I loved everything about it. So from that moment on, I was on a mission to figure out how to make a simple yet satisfying chicken sandwich using the same barbecue sauce she used to make the chicken.
I thought since my backyard is under construction, that I needed to use up the last of the produce from my garden box. My little onions above took months to grow, and I had to throw in an extra bell pepper…..
… and this recipe for Barbecue Chicken Sandwiches was created! They are spicy yet tangy; the perfect combo for a lazy

================



======= Instance Index 1 =========
Input Text: Context: Jan needed to give out jobs for an upcoming project at work.

Question: What will Others want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: disagree with Jan

B: get to work

C: argue with the assignments

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.137913
Retrieved Text: What happened, why the project stopped giving jobs?
Message boards : Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) : What happened, why the project stopped giving jobs?
I have 3 machines with suitable GPUs http://www.gpugrid.net/hosts_user.php?userid=103977 and none get any jobs.
Message 50269 - Posted: 21 Aug 2018 | 5:26:47 UTC - in response to Message 50266.
1060 GTX laptop + i5-8400. W10.
Message 51370 - Posted: 25 Jan 2019 | 5:23:38 UTC - in response to Message 51369.
Those are CPU tasks, not GPU. There is not much GPU work right now. That happens sometimes.
All that crying everytime there are no GPU tasks: in that case just donate your GPU power to another project, e.g. Folding@Home or something else useful.
Message 51383 - Posted: 27 Jan 2019 | 8:37:09 UTC - in response to Message 51370.
Are you sure it working "CPU task" ?
My computer is avaible for CPU task too and dont reveice task from GPUgrid.
Message 51384 - Posted: 27 Jan 2019 | 11:32:33 UTC - in response to Message 51383.
Same here. No tasks. Would love to help you boys out by getting more jobs to run.
Message 51387 - Posted: 27 Jan 2019 | 16:40:40 UTC - in response to Message 51384.
That's just the nature of this project, sometimes. They send work in batches at a time, so the well runs dry every now and then. I would recommend a back up GPU project. I use Milkyway@home. Just set the project preferences to 0% resource share and it will only give WU's when GPUGRID is not.
Message 51391 - Posted: 27 Jan 2019 | 21:48:52 UTC -

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.282017
Retrieved Text: 30 min Spring Discussion Peter Murray, Jeremy Huff and others?
Coming out of the Workflow PoC there's a desire to allow people to use the Spring framework in developing FOLIO - even Core applications/capabilities.
Spitfire has a PR (Sobha to add link RP) mod-kb-ebsco-java - not sure who would evaluate that - who leads that Repo?
Update the database design so that those data elements have a place to land and can be queried efficiently.
Standard upkeep and maintenance; scheduling jobs to pull data out of FOLIO into the reporting database, error tracking/resolution should jobs fail, etc.
We don’t have enough data to make good estimates on the above activity because the sample size is too small. Once we have more API descriptions/documentation (i.e. FOLIO-155) we can implement more ETL and reports and at that point have a good basis for a longer term estimate.
Process wise we've hit a gap - some feedback but not a lot. What does the TC do? We Approve the RFC.
AES as an effort - dev has continued but it's not on anyone's critical path.
Question - how does the Pub/Sub work relate and what issues arise from that? - likely complimentary- more discussion/documentation needed. Action to Vince and Jakub.
5 min upcoming meetings MDG Propose to cancel Dec 26 and Jan 2 meetings and pick back up January 9th.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.592525
Retrieved Text: For the most recent issues of KRC’s Legislative & Policy Watch Weekly E-Updates, click here.
KRC’s Legislative & Policy Watch Weekly E-Updates provides weekly exclusive insider reports from Topeka during the State of Kansas Legislative Session, and provides updates and alerts on the development of federal policy, including the Farm Bill, throughout the year. KRC monitors the state legislature for decisions affecting a diversified agriculture, the environment, our natural resource base, rural communities, and our local and regional food systems. The Weekly E-reports also provide information about upcoming hearings, so constituents can contact legislators or attend.
KRC is a member of the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition (NSAC) which monitors activity in Washington, D.C. and provides us with an up to date information on developments in farm and food related policy and programs. Topics covered at the federa level include: Conservtion, Rural Development, Local Food and Jobs Programs, Farmers Market Promotion, organic research and organic cost-share certification, crop insurance and commodity program payment reform, and appropriatiosn for farm and food programs.
To receive KRC’s Legislative & Policy Watch Weekly E-Updates in your email inbox each week during the legislative session, please register here.
* Federal Farm Bill and farm and food program updates as needed throughout the year.
To read past editions of KRC’s Legislative & Policy Watch Weekly E-Updates and select recent articles online, please follow this link.
The project is possible due to a bequest from Jan Garton, Manhattan, who died in 2009, and left KRC a generous gift.
Additional supporters include: Kansas Natural Resource Council and Audubon of Kansas.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.214533
Retrieved Text: 8th Street Business Owners – We’ve created this page to help you plan for the upcoming reconstruction project. As we get closer to construction more and more information will publish on this site. We encourage you to sign up for email updates (see the link at the bottom of the site).
Copy and paste into your website and social media.
Please note: Once we are into active construction we expect that the street closure will appear on to the main Google map page.
This project includes the reconstruction of 8th Street from Boardman to Railroad, with a bit of associated necessary infrastructure work on Franklin. Please see the Plans page or Major Milestones for more details.
Jan. 3 2019 – we mailed the property owners (i.e., those with 8th Street frontage in this area), a postcard to notify them of the project planning process and a note that we would be in touch soon. (Goal date of Jan. 20, 2019) Since that time we have been taking calls from the property owners who have called or emailed, and noting the best way to contact them.
Jan. 28 2019 – Due to plan changes/review our property owner packets are not finished at this time. However, we hope that they will be available within the next week. These packets will be customized to the individual parcels, and give you an idea of exactly what impact this project may have on your property. Once the packets are ready we’ll start making calls.
Feb/Mar 2019 – We have continued outreach to frontage property owners along 8th

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.184328
Retrieved Text: This is a job offer for someone to create a logo, along with a font-pairing and selector for an upcoming J-RPG game project.
The logo itself would have 2 major renditions. Both one in English and one in Japanese. For each logo design, a tag-line (text) would need to supplement it, as there are several games that would incorporated under it's main title.
"Name of Game in Series"
While we don't expect everyone to be fluent in Japanese, if you are able to make the appropriate translation for the Japanese version that will help.
The logo would need to have a level of artistic depth, similar to what is seen in logos such as Final Fantasy. This should be relevant with an without it's text.
There would also need to be the collective font-pairing for some specialized text that would be incorporated throughout the game. You do not have to provide the font on delivery, but rather indicate what is used.
In addition, we would ask for an arrow or some kind of selector that compliments the specialized font pairing that goes in the game.
What needs to be delivered upon completion of the project is the appropriate AI and PNG files.
The budget for this project is $100-150 max.
To apply, please send me a note or comment below with previous work you have done. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to me directly here on deviant-art.
This is a job posting for a character (and possibly monster) reference artist for an upcoming game project (J-RPG).
The first scope of work is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.932205
Retrieved Text: At Sitel and our work at home positions, you homd to work for a global leader in. If your answer is “yes”, you have landed in the right jeed. Amazon is hiring 5000 work-from-home employees. Jan 27, 2014. A growing number of employers are willing to use home-based employees, assuming those employees have access to a phone, computer and. Nov 16, 2018. Do you have a health issue or disability that would be so much easier to manage at a work from home job? Check out our roundup of the best work-at-home jobs available and some common.
Dec 3, 2018. Work from Home Jobs – Non-Phone Jobs & Side Gigs Open Now i need a work at home job Most Dont Have State Hiring Restrictions – Most Dont Require College. Sep 23, 2018. These are the best legitimate work from home jobs so you can start making. Wonder hires “analysts” i need a work at home job do research for clients, which have included major firms such as.
I have also included some good paying side gigs that can give you. These sites allow assembling jobs from home canada to virtually connect with students in need of.
But improvements in technology and the birth of social media jlb. Youll need a quiet, distraction-free work space with a door you can shut. Theres an abundance of work-from-home jobs that are available but. Candidates must have experience in the Corporate Travel industry and be available to work with a client in the Pacific Time Zone.
Jul 17, 2018. Pop into the job

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.713299
Retrieved Text: "Anyone can find the dirt in someone. Be the one that finds the gold."
The Fall 2016 edition of the Career Planning & Adult Development Journal, titled Job Search 6.0, features articles by many of our Career Thought Leader Associates. The articles address what has changed in job search today, including social media, gamification, resumes, and more! Also check out the Summer edition that featured many of our colleagues in articles covering SEO and online reputation management.
If candidates are applying to jobs using their smartphone, these apps can help. Familiar names like Monster and Indeed top the list that includes a few new options like Switch and Jobr.
If you work from home in the careers business or work with candidates who do (or want to), this must-read article shares research on how to increase your productivity ... by not working! And, to round out this discussion, here is an article that lists the top jobs to work remotely.
"If there is no competition, there is no business." Every business has competition, even the careers business. This article walks you through dealing with a price war. If you want more specific resources on the topic, check out the Pricing & Packaging Master-E-Session CTL did earlier this year.
Will this new experiment by Amazon improve their employer brand? Will it "break the taboo associated with reduced hours"? Those remain to be seen, but this pilot program is definitely making a splash.
LinkedIn recommendations are one of the best ways to build credibility for your candidate's brand. The problem? Most of the time

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.651867
Retrieved Text: BPR Contract Furniture have created a reputation based on quality craftsmanship. Our design and production processes bring together highly skilled disciplines in joinery, metal work, spray-painting, upholstery and stitching to create stylish, quality and durable furniture. We want to share our industry knowledge & provide an insight to the hard work and craftsmanship behind the luxury furniture.
Palettes of timber arrive to the workshop and undergo a quality check. Our joiners then sort which timbers are needed for specific jobs.
Our joiners work from a set of plans provided by architects / designers to create handcrafted bespoke pieces.
Our head joiner is responsible for quality control and ensuring all pieces are crafted to the highest standard before leaving the joinery department. Once all quality checks have been successfully completed, the pieces go next door to our spray shop where they are stained and lacquered to their required finish.
In depth knowledge of the manufacturing process allows us to consistently deliver the very best in bespoke furniture from our state of the art workshop. If you have an upcoming project you would like to discuss, contact our sales team today at sales@bprcontractfurniture.com or call our office on 028 8775 8111.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.53945
Retrieved Text: Published : Mon, Jan 28 2019 :3 AM.
Think of the last project you had to manage. What documents did you have to create at launch? There would be a project charter and a communication plan, of course. You’d have a broad project plan, a work breakdown structure, and a Gantt chart. You would also have a risk register and a plan to tackle all upcoming issues.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.50518
Retrieved Text: MLib Jobs 2019 Notifications are updated here with all the necessary information for both fresher's and experienced candidates. Apply to various MLib Jobs 2019 that suits your education and experience here. Get latest updates of all MLib Jobs 2019 available in your desired locations across India. Check out the latest recruitment notification related to MLib Jobs 2019 in this article and receive instant alerts for the same at free of cost.
Post Graduate degree is a master's degree which is undertaken after completing the first degree. Majority of undergraduates are doing their post-graduation to improve their skills. After completing their degree, they are seeking the best job to make their career path best. Hirelateral acts as a great source to find the best MLib Jobs in an instant. Find your dream job available in various companies across India at Hirelateral. Would you like to get latest and upcoming MLib Jobs up-to-date? If yes, here it is. Job seekers who are looking for MLib Jobs in top companies can get it here with various information such as education, age limit, selection process, and much more. Read this page to know up-to-date information about MLib Jobs for free.
How to get MLib Jobs 2019 in a jiffy?
Job seekers who completed MLib and waiting for the latest MLib jobs can get it here. MLib graduates can work as a project scientist, manager, Accountant, Assistant project director, Trainee Analyst, Librarian, Project Officer, Deputy Manager, Junior Research Fellow, Assistant Manager, Consultant, Project Executive, Senior Manager, and so on under various sectors of both

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.493023
Retrieved Text: There are many growth opportunities in animation jobs in India, especially in IT, media and digital industries. The animation is a competitive field and to make a prospective career in this field, you need to have not only creative and technical skill sets but also you should be able to think innovative and out of the box. Along with experience and skills, building a strong network is also very essential to give access to better opportunities. That is the reason, it is advisable for young freshers with an animation degree to work as interns, to work with others in creative projects, to develop complementary skills to do well in animation jobs.
Where Are Animation Jobs Available In India?
The graphic designer is one of the most popular types of animation jobs in India and is widely in demand. There is the need for graphic designers in IT and ITES industry for websites and web designing. Graphic designers are also needed in the designing of books, magazines, advertising banners, posters, billboards.
Skillful, talented professional graphic designers are also needed for designing computer games, product packaging, corporate communications for brand identity, logo designs, designs in exhibitions and displays. This type of animation job requires good interpersonal and communication skills as well, as you need to work with a team and should interact with the client or creative director to design something as per requirements.
One of the most sought-after animation jobs in India is that of an animator. The job profile involves creating multiple images called frames, which when joined together in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.4926
Retrieved Text: MCA Jobs 2019 Notifications are updated here with all the necessary information for both fresher's and experienced candidates. Apply to various MCA Jobs 2019 that suits your education and experience here. Get latest updates of all MCA Jobs 2019 available in your desired locations across India. Check out the latest recruitment notification related to MCA Jobs 2019 in this article and receive instant alerts for the same at free of cost.
Post Graduate degree is a master's degree which is undertaken after completing the first degree. Majority of undergraduates are doing their post-graduation to improve their skills. After completing their degree, they are seeking the best job to make their career path best. Hirelateral acts as a great source to find the best MCA Jobs in an instant. Find your dream job available in various companies across India at Hirelateral. Would you like to get latest and upcoming MCA Jobs up-to-date? If yes, here it is. Job seekers who are looking for MCA Jobs in top companies can get it here with various information such as education, age limit, selection process, and much more. Read this page to know up-to-date information about MCA Jobs for free.
How to get MCA Jobs 2019 in a jiffy?
Job seekers who completed MCA and waiting for the latest MCA jobs can get it here. MCA graduates can work as a project scientist, manager, Accountant, Assistant project director, Trainee Analyst, Librarian, Project Officer, Deputy Manager, Junior Research Fellow, Assistant Manager, Consultant, Project Executive, Senior Manager, and so on under various sectors of both

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.465282
Retrieved Text: MCom Jobs 2019 Notifications are updated here with all the necessary information for both fresher's and experienced candidates. Apply to various MCom Jobs 2019 that suits your education and experience here. Get latest updates of all MCom Jobs 2019 available in your desired locations across India. Check out the latest recruitment notification related to MCom Jobs 2019 in this article and receive instant alerts for the same at free of cost.
Post Graduate degree is a master's degree which is undertaken after completing the first degree. Majority of undergraduates are doing their post-graduation to improve their skills. After completing their degree, they are seeking the best job to make their career path best. Hirelateral acts as a great source to find the best MCom Jobs in an instant. Find your dream job available in various companies across India at Hirelateral. Would you like to get latest and upcoming MCom Jobs up-to-date? If yes, here it is. Job seekers who are looking for MCom Jobs in top companies can get it here with various information such as education, age limit, selection process, and much more. Read this page to know up-to-date information about MCom Jobs for free.
How to get MCom Jobs 2019 in a jiffy?
Job seekers who completed MCom and waiting for the latest MCom jobs can get it here. MCom graduates can work as a project scientist, manager, Accountant, Assistant project director, Trainee Analyst, Librarian, Project Officer, Deputy Manager, Junior Research Fellow, Assistant Manager, Consultant, Project Executive, Senior Manager, and so on under various sectors of both

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.355658
Retrieved Text: There were 7 persons in attendance at the meeting. We missed Kurt who was unable to attend. We welcomed Jan who is a K-5 grade art teacher at a local school. Jan is working on an Imagine Mars project at her school with Jet Propulsion Laboratories. We enjoyed talking with Jan and sharing ideas related to her class project.
We also talked about the upcoming Perry Middle School project. The group is donating $125 to assist with the repair of the school’s moc-up space station. Construction of the space station is scheduled on Feb 27th and March 6th. The space station will be demo’d during the school’s space station week March 8th-12th.
Con DFW, literary sci-fi/fantasy convention, is scheduled Feb 12th through the 14th. NSS of North Texas has arranged tracks on Mars, the moon, and space settlements. Kurt, April and Derek from SpaceX, and Bill Ledbetter (president of the local NSS chapter) will be speaking on Mars. The Mars panel is scheduled for 10 am on the 13th. Mark is planning to print flyers to hand out at the convention.
The group discussed the 2011 Mars convention. The group decided to wait to vote on whether to propose to host the convention until next meeting.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.342556
Retrieved Text: Christina Hill-Coillot, Social Innovation and Entrepreneurship Program manager, speaks to participates at town hall gathering in January. Photo courtesy of SIE Lab team.
The Social Innovation and Entrepreneurship (SIE) Lab of the Jordan Institute for Families hosted a town hall gathering on Monday, Jan. 29, to highlight School of Social Work alumni innovating and making big impacts in their communities. Nora Spencer, MSW’17, shared an overview of her start-up project, Hope Renovations. This social enterprise will increase job training skills for women in construction and enable aging adults to maintain their independence with needed home renovations or adaptive additions such as wheelchair ramps.
Joining Spencer in a panel discussion was Veronica Creech, MSW ’98, whose work at EveryoneOn is providing economic and educational opportunities to under-resourced families by democratizing the Internet and leveraging corporations to provide free or low-cost high-speed Internet access to all.
Other town hall participants included MSW students, School of Social Work administrators and faculty, other campus innovation programs including The Cube and Innovate Carolina, as well as local community members interested in social innovation and entrepreneurship. Professor Gary Nelson, the Thomas Willis Lambeth Distinguished Chair in Public Policy and the visionary behind the SIE Lab, gathered input from those attending on the design and implementation of the lab as it continues to grow. Be on the lookout for announcements about other upcoming events planned by the SIE Lab or contact Christina Hill-Coillot at Coillot@email.unc.edu to learn more about innovation and entrepreneurship at the UNC School of Social Work.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.268719
Retrieved Text: Zapier allows you to instantly connect ClockShark with 1,400+ apps to automate your work and find productivity super powers.
If you worry about employees forgetting to clock out from their work day, cast those worries aside. With Zapier's ClockShark-Gmail integration, you can receive a new email each time an employee punches out of work. Along with your finely-tuned powers of deduction, this integration allows you to know who is off the clock, and who is still hard at work.
If you keep track of your company's upcoming jobs in Google Calendar, you've probably been entering each jobs twice. First in ClockShark, and then in Google Calendar. Now you can use Zapier to do that heavy-lifting for you. With the ClockShark-Google Calendar integration, new schedules in ClockShark will appear as new events in Google Calendars, saving you energy and time, while letting anyone with access to the Google Calendar see upcoming work.
Shouldn't your construction project management software talk to your construction time tracking software? Yes, but more importantly: now they actually can. With Zapier's GenieBelt-ClockShark integration, new tasks/milestones in GenieBelt are added to ClockShark as new tasks. By adding GenieBelt tasks to ClockShark so you don't have to, this integration saves you from re-entering data you've already entered and provides you peace of mind that your construction crew can clock into the correct tasks.
Task, and you shall receive...well, more tasks. With Zapier's ClockShark-Google Tasks integration, new tasks added to ClockShark appear in Google Tasks as tasks, allowing you to clearly see the work your company is performing.
If your contacts

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.24065
Retrieved Text: Cutting edge technology if you get the right project. Jul 2017. If youre boss wont let you work remotely, consider these fifteen jobs:. Why jobseekers should consider short-term Project Work. Construction project managers need to be nimble throughout the project lifecycle. Lead Generation Agents (Remote / Work from Home. Jul 2015. Project management positions have moved out of the office and into the virtual world.
Go to: What They Do | Work Environment | How to Become One | Salary | Job. Can you work from home as a project manager, assistant project managers must be able to do their work regardless what is happening around them. VIPKidOnline English Teacher - Work From Home Dec 20.
Some projects may involve travel and spending time away from home. Can do additional WFH days with manager approval, but will result in loss of. Whether its our office or theirs, youre at home in front of the client. Project management systems are helpful in managing virtual teams because. If youre more experienced and looking to put your PMP certification to use, you may be. You are working on projects best work at home forums will change the organization you work in.
You will be can you work from home as a project manager from one of our UK offices, but this role is suitable for some home-working. Learn how to work with people at all levels as a project manager with this list of 20.
The Snr Project Mgr will work with team members, clients & leadership to. So if you arent near

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.234484
Retrieved Text: The Liberals and the Greens have today suspended construction on the West Gate Tunnel, throwing the jobs of 800 Victorians in to limbo, in an unprecedented act of economic vandalism.
In a move condemned by industry and community groups, Matthew Guy and the Greens today teamed up to manipulate parliamentary powers to revoke planning approval and stop construction on the West Gate Tunnel.
As a result of this reckless parliamentary manoeuvre, construction work has been suspended at both the Northern Portal Site – where work is underway ahead of Tunnel Boring Machines being launched – and on the West Gate Freeway, which will be widened to 12 lanes.
Victorian industry, including the Victorian Chamber, the Victorian Transport Association, the Urban Development Institute, and G21 Geelong have repeatedly called on the Liberals and Greens not to take this reckless step.
This week the Wyndham Council joined the chorus of calls for the Greens and the Liberals to get out of the way of this urgently needed project.
“On behalf of our residents – we are calling on common sense to prevail and for this project to be expediated. Let’s not let politics get in the way of what our community really needs,” the council said in a media release.
The Liberals and the Greens have ignored community and industry pleas, and stopped the project in its tracks.
Over the last two and a half years, the West Gate Tunnel project went through the most comprehensive planning approval process ever conducted for a Victorian road project.
Cancelling planning approval for a major project already under construction

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.226387
Retrieved Text: An open forum for the campus community will be held Thursday, Jan. 18, to provide information about upcoming utility work on the Shaw Quad. The event will be held at 3:45 p.m. in the Joyce Hergenhan Auditorium, Newhouse 3.
Pete Sala, vice president and chief facilities officer, will present information on the utility work that will start in mid-February on and around the Quad. Joe Alfieri, director of Campus Planning, Design and Construction (CPDC), and Dave Warren, CPDC project manager, will also be at the event to discuss the project.
The campus community will hear information about what to expect regarding changes to access to sidewalks, walkways, parking, etc., during the project.
American Sign Language (ASL) interpretation and Communication Access Realtime Translation (CART) will be available. For questions about accessibility or to request accommodations at the forum, contact the Equal Opportunity, Inclusion and Resolution Services (EOIRS) office at 315.443.4018.
For more information about the Campus Framework, visit http://campusframework.syr.edu/.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.192623
Retrieved Text: A B.Sc degree paves your way to get the best of job opportunities, work on something truly significant to the society, learning new skills and reaching a new standard of living. Let’s take a look at why you should check Employment News in India for B.Sc jobs.
Thousands of jobs for B.Sc degree holder: We give free job alerts for B.Sc degree holders as soon as they are updated. We have an easy-to-read and high paying list of over 5,000+ jobs for B.Sc degree holders. Like – Nursing Staff/Joint Advisor/Management Trainee/Office Assistant/Agricultural Officers/Project Assistant/Medical Record Officer/Senior Research Officer and many more.
B.Sc job opportunity in top companies/institutions: Top companies are always on the lookout for talented B.Sc degree holders. We have a list of top companies/institutions which are looking for them and offer good vacancies/jobs and great salary. Like - Bank of India/Indian Institute of Science Education and Research/TRAI/National Institute of Biomedical Genomics/TNPSC/AIIMS/National Health Mission and many more.
Latest updates for B.Sc jobs: Our website and app work round the clock to not miss any B.Sc employment news/sarkari naukri update or B.Sc job listings.
B.Sc jobs in govt sector: Our website and app gives you latest and quick update on all B.Sc central and state government job listings, latest updates, exam dates etc.
Jobs for B.Sc degree holders from all sectors: We prepare list of B.Sc jobs for various sectors like – UIDAI/Railway/Telecom/Banking/Teaching/Marketing/Finance/Construction/Financial Institutions/ Army/Navy/Air Force/ Universities/Schools/UPSC/ Public Service/College/Schoool/Agriculture/Engineering/Medical/Management/Law/Aviation/Accountancy firm etc.
Alerts for all B.Sc 2019 jobs: You can also avail our alerts service which will give you quick updates about all

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.120209
Retrieved Text: Illinois Rep. Jan Schakowsky has another government job dole out. All of which are either Union or government jobs. I love how politicians love to call things Corp…. I would rather have jobs from Corp-orations. Not everyone unemployed is union or looking for a government worthless job.
When government creates it creates messes we all pay for in taxes.
1. School Improvement Corps – Creates 400,000 construction and 250,000 maintenance jobs to fix American schools.
2. Park Improvement Corps – 100,000 jobs for youth between the ages of 16 and 25, to improve our nation’s parks.
3. Student Job Corps – 250,000 part-time, work study jobs for eligible college students.
4. Neighborhood Heroes Corps – 300,000 teachers, 40,000 police officers, 12,000 firefighters.
5. Health Corps – 40,000 health care providers, including physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, and health care workers.
6. Community Corps – 750,000 jobs to do needed work in our communities, including energy audits and conservation upgrades, urban land re-clamation and addressing blight, public property maintenance and beautification, housing rehabilitation, and new construction.
7. Child Care Corps – 100,000 jobs in early childhood care and education.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.113062
Retrieved Text: The Naval Facilities Engineering Command (NAVFAC) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) are requesting comments from the construction industry about the potential use of government-mandated project labor agreements (PLAs) on large-scale federal projects in Washington, Maryland, Kentucky and Minnesota.
NAVFAC Northwest issued a PLA survey for a $25 million to $100 million Operational Training Facility at the Naval Air Station in Whidbey Island, Wash. To respond to the survey, click here. Responses should be sent to Andrew Hart at 1101 Tautog Circle, Silverdale, WA 98315 by Jan. 14 at 2 p.m.
The USACE Baltimore District issued a PLA survey for unspecified renovation, repairs and new construction projects exceeding $25 million in total cost within the Baltimore-Washington corridor. To view the PLA survey, click here. Responses should be sent via email to Jennifer Chrissis at Jennifer.Chrissis@usace.army.mil, no later than 3 p.m. (EST) on Jan. 14.
The USACE Louisville District has also issued a PLA survey for the construction of a two-story elementary school in Fort Campbell, Ky. Comments should be sent to Chris Brackett at Christopher.t.brackett@usace.army.mil, by Jan. 17. The survey request for this project can be found here.
Finally, the USACE St. Paul District issued a PLA survey for upcoming work on the Fargo-Moorhead Metropolitan Area Flood Risk Management Project in St. Paul, Minn. Responses can be sent to Patricia Simon at patricia.m.simon@usace.army.mil, no later than Jan. 22. Click here for more information.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.076338
Retrieved Text: Simon Dach progymnasium has been organising the work at school, getting the students according to their personal needs. In addition to this, the meetings and seminars have been arranged to get more people involved in this project.
All the partner schools have been contacted and informed about upcoming second meeting, which will be held September 26th. All the schools have approved and signed participation documents needed.
The issue of associate partners has been carried out, various institutions and organisations have been informed and invited to join OFF-BOOK activities.
OFF-BOOK dissemination at school and more.
The project promotional gifts have been ordered.
The practical usage of OFF-BOOK methodology has been developed in the partners‘ schools, as well as Simon Dach progymnasium. All the methods have been tested and students’ feedback has been collected.
New associated partners have been invited and informed about OFF-BOOK.
Theatrical lab has been filmed and presented in national Tabs.
The preparation, specified bellow, for the final project event has been started in the middle of February by having a meeting with the partner schools and Puppet Theatre representatives.
Steps taken: the plan was set, the search for location of the final event has been discussed, the order of project’s T-shirts has been processed.
All the methods have been tested and applied not only during the theatrical workshops but also during the lessons (Music, English, Chemistry, Math).
Meetings with associated partners have been planned and will be arranged on 18th of March. During that, students, working in this project, will introduce the activities and methods they prefer the most, will give their view and experience

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.037176
Retrieved Text: When Matt and I first got married, we had no money to our names and over $100,000 in student loan debt. Our monthly payments were so high that we lived in a 10 x 14 efficiency on my parents’ property while we were trying to make our payments. We bounced around after that, living in the cheapest places we could find. During this time the economy collapsed and our salaries dwindled. We worked multiple jobs and made do with free furniture and no decor. But those years were important – we learned to live within our resources, no matter how limited those resources were, and to have patience for the future. We knew that time would pass and our situation would change and we needed to move forward. These two lessons changed the way we live and impacted our design process.
When approaching any project, be sure to live within your resources. You have limited resources and going beyond those resources will be setting yourself up for trouble. Resources include everything from finances and income to time management and sanity. You should take note of four particular resources: Budget, Time, Resources, and Abilities. Only take on projects that work within those resources. Be wary of a project that is over budget or requires more time or ability than what you can give it. We recommend spending only cash on large projects and staying away from loans. If you are unsure of your abilities to do a project, take a shot at it but be prepared to bring

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.034327
Retrieved Text: Jan had the privilege of growing up in paradise. His circumstances shaped his love for nature and his desire to share it and allowed him to carry along these passions in order to build the life he dreamed of, but never thought could be his. Jan is aware of his fortune, often saying he won the “geographic lottery,” and from a young age, tried to make the most of it. He even got nicknamed Houdini for his ability to break free from his parents.
Life wasn’t always simple and easy for Jan. There were a lot of difficulties at home between his parents and it was not always a great place to be. Knowing he could open his back door and set himself free was comforting and helped him a lot. Especially years later when he suffered from anxiety. Jan grew up in this environment, trying to find his identity.
Through these times, Jan was also trying to figure out what to do with his life. His dream had always been to get high school over with because he hated it, and then travel. He struck a deal with his dad where he’d start University part-time, and work to put money aside to travel. But things don’t always go as planned. During the last day of class in his first semester he received a phone call from his dad. His mother was sick with cancer.
Her death left a permanent mark on Jan. It was the left turn he needed in his life. Grief was not easy, but it

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.032515
Retrieved Text: Patent CN2037261U - Bottom-cleaning machinery for panning .- machinery for gold mining ,The utility model relates to a bottom-cleaning machinery, and is suitable for cleaning placer ore omitted at a river bottom which is dug when gold is panned.gold mining trommel machine | gold panning sluice box | gold claim .Gold Prospecting Equipment - Gold Rush Trading PostHuge selection of gold prospecting equipment and gold mining equipment. or a gold panning machine to save your muscles, or a gold detector, you will find.
50735 products . China Mining Machine - Select Mining Machine products from verified China . 6-S Shaking Table Machine for Gold Mining Concentration.
gold mining machine-Machinery-QINGZHOU DEXIN RESOURCES .
Gold Mining Plant and Gold Field Alaskan 150 Wash Plant offered by Golden Rule Placer Mining Inc. Equipment located in Gold Creek, Montana. All equipment.
11 Apr 2014 . Find information about gold miners, mining companies and daily life in historic Victorian goldfields.
Mining Machinery for Gold Mine-Jintai10 from China, the Details Include Pictures,Sizes,Color,Material and Origin. You Can Contact the Supplier - Zhengzhou.
Get the price of gold mining machinery and equipment: /contact/ Zenith as one of the largest mining and crushing equipments.
Mining Equipment - Search New or Used Mining Machines that perform well under . machinery used to excavate hard minerals such as ore containing gold.
Sutter Creek Travel Planner | Gold Country Activities and Tours .
It was founded by Samuel N. Knight (1838-1913) to manufacture machinery for the gold mines of the Mother Lode region. Knight was one of several inventors.
29 jobs . We are seeking expressions of interest

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.024593
Retrieved Text: HANALEI – The Hawaii Department of Transportation (HDOT) announces the closure of Kuhio Highway (Route 560) to all traffic between the Waikoko and Wainiha checkpoints from 8:45 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Thursday, Jan. 17, 2019.
This closure is needed to ensure safety during the installation of slope stabilization measures. On Jan. 17 crews will fly in a Tecco mesh system above the highway. All traffic, regardless of passes, must be cleared off the highway during the installation for their own safety. Protocols to suspend operations if needed for emergency response have been created and communicated with the project team.
Affected convoys on Thursday, Jan. 17 will be the 12:45 p.m. convoy from Wainiha out and the 1:15 p.m. convoy in from Waikoko.
All work is weather permitting. Should conditions necessitate changes in the roadwork schedule, the latest information will be posted on the HDOT roadwork page at http://hidot.hawaii.gov/highways/roadwork/hawaii/ or via the Department’s Facebook and Twitter accounts.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.985743
Retrieved Text: Looking to make outdoor improvements to your workplace? The Glasgow builders from CP are experts when it comes to commercial property construction works of every variety. We can help you make the most of your business premises in time for summer. Want to know how to prepare your property for a construction project after winter? Take a look at our last post.
Does your current work premises have an outdoor area? Prepare an outdoor work area for the upcoming warm months with the installation of a decking. A great place for your employees to congregate for social or work purposes, a decking is what is needed to give your employees some much needed fresh air during a stressful project! It doesn't matter how much outdoor space you have, we will develop a plan and install a decking to make the most of your existing area.
Another one of the commercial property construction works we can carry out is the relocation of windows. Looking for a better flow of natural light into your building? Natural light is extremely beneficial for improving productivity and mood. Make sure your business property has enough of it for the well-being of your employees!
Finally, our last commercial property construction recommendation is to consider your outdoor paving. Summer is the ideal time to take a look at the condition of your driveway, parking areas and paths. Make sure they are still intact after the harsh winter weather! We have a range of premium and cost-effective finishes available for paving projects of any size. Not only

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.968079
Retrieved Text: Troy University students recently constructed garden beds which will be installed at Troy Elementary School as part of the MLK Days of Service.
Due to the threat of rain and severe weather last week, the MLK Days of Service projects were relocated, but still carried out as planned.
Students gathered in Eldridge Hall on the afternoons of Jan. 19 and 20 to build garden beds for the university’s upcoming garden project at Troy Elementary School.
Troy University students volunteering at the local Head Start center during the MLK Days of Service.
Troy University students will have the opportunity to participate in the MLK Days of Service from Jan. 18 through Jan. 21.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.950806
Retrieved Text: Provide outstanding customer service to each customer and fellow employee. Schedule service appointments as phone calls are received. Interact with a variety of customers in a professional way. Maintain the Service Technicians daily schedules and dispatch the technicians to their next appointment as service calls are completed. Maintain customer database with current information. Maintain Maintenance Agreement program. Create new client Preventative Maintenance Agreement’s and update existing yearly. Assist Service Coordinator as needed with ordering and coordinating parts acquisition for technicians while on the job site. Communicate repair costs and schedule technician return trips with customers when needed. Clear and concise communications with department managers, employees and company customers, including keeping customers appraised as to company schedule and part lead-times. Maintain a high level of professionalism with Cardinal Heating customers, vendors, and employees.
Field and respond to Customer calls efficiently and proactively.
Respond to all voice messages and emailed requests for service.
Schedule and coordinate all service calls as they are received and create work orders on the schedule board according to the process.
Maintain the service schedule to ensure efficient routing and technician workload.
Dispatch Service Technicians to scheduled appointments / jobs.
Communicate daily appointments / jobs with Technicians.
Call scheduled Customers to communicate expected time of arrival of Technician.
Notify Customers if a Technician is running late.
Confirm receipt of parts for upcoming work. Check 3 or more days in advance.
Debrief Service Technicians, one call at a time.
Maintain Maintenance Agreement (PMA) program.
Create Maintenance Agreements contract proposals for new customers.
Call out and schedule current PMA Customers.
Maintain database information, including Customer service due dates.
Create hard copy

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: Context: Remy was an expert fisherman and was on the water with Kai. Remy baited Kai's hook.

Question: What will Remy want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: cast the line

B: put the boat in the water

C: invite Kai out on the boat

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.0101
Retrieved Text: Remy crossed over the Rainbow Bridge early Sunday morning. He was in obvious distress and was ready to go. I know he's with my dad. I know he can run and chase small animals again. That gives me tons of comfort.
His passing has left a huge void in our lives. Our hearts are broken and only time will heal the hurt. One day when we think of Remy, we'll only smile and have happy memories. We had 13.5 wonderful years with him that we wouldn't trade for anything.
For now, I want to remember everything about him.
We wouldn't have had Remy in our lives if it wasn't for Naseem. She used to be a very picky eater and refused most food except for chicken nuggets, buttered noodles, raw carrots and mangoes. Omid made her a deal: Eat whatever was put in front of her for one month, and he would buy her a dog! It was hard for Nas, but she did it! We were all so excited. She thought she wanted a Bearded Collie, but after visiting the Rose City Dog Show, a Vizsla actually found us and the search was on for a breeder.
A year later, she finally got her puppy!
Remy loved oranges, blueberries and tomatoes. Every year we bought him his own cherry tomato plant. He'd check it everyday. He'd also check the neighbors tomato plants and blueberry bushes too.
Remy loved to go on our boat and dive off the back again and again (50 times in a row, no joke), he would get

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.86796
Retrieved Text: Chinese Remy Stick Tip / I-Tip Remy Hair Extensions.
Deluxe Chinese Remy human hair extensions are available in 14 inch Stick “I” Extensions. Each extension weighs 0.5g per strand giving that extra thickness to create volumising and natural blended finish.
These impressive Remy hair extensions look truly luxurious and thicker than most other extensions. Many different shades and lengths are incorporated in our i-tip range to meet our client’s requirements.
Remy hair means that the cuticles are intact and not stripped. This hair extension is thick, strong and will blend perfectly. I-tipped hair extensions are also known damage-free and a quick method to applying hair extensions using silicone or traditional micro rings.
These extensions are applied by using a pulling tool, either a hook or loop, which pulls the hair through a very small micro-bead. The I-tip extensions is then inserted into the micro ring, which is then compressed with special application pliers, this holds the extension in place. I-tip extensions are very popular among people who don’t want heat applied to their hair. The I-tip extension and an equal amount of your own hair is pulled through the micro link to your hairline, where the micro link is clamped securing the extension to your own hair. This extension can last for about 2-3 months with proper after-care and regular maintenance.
These light brown hair extensions are beautiful! I was worried that the colour might not be exactly ..

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.5823
Retrieved Text: Sophie: "Are Kona and Ehime going to take an afternoon walk with a human friend, Kai? How nice♪"
Leo: "Please stay cool. I heard it's going up to 90F in the afternoon."
Mommy: "OK, everyone. Say, cheese♪"
Kona: "Do you remember me, Kai? It's Kona."
Kai: "@^*$#&*@ (I'm still sleepy....)"
Mommy: "Time for a bribe. This dry apple was just completed this morning,"
Kai: "$^*$@^!@#$%^*&% (Mommy, I want to do 'that'.)"
Kai's mommy: "What? Do you want to do 'that'?"
Kai's mommy: "Mmmm, OK. If you want to..."
Goldens :"One, two, one two."
Kai: "%^*@$&*@!%#!!! (Yahoo! I'm Superman!!!)"
Kai's mommy: "I didn't know Superman needed help this much..."
Kai's mommy: "Superman, hold it tight, OK?"
Mommy: "You look awesome with the sunglasses, Kai! Thank you so much for walking with us today♪"
Kai's mommy: "Same for us. It was fun♪"
Ehime: "Thank you for walking with us, Mr. Superman♪"
Kahlua: "Let me show your flying next time, too."
For Ehime who wants to say "It's a Bird. It's a Plane. It's Superwoman!" someday, please click the puppy photo on the right above or a dog picture below. Thank you!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.130985
Retrieved Text: 30 inch trendy three colors ombre indian remy clip in hair is just one of the many collections of images or photos on this website. There are approximately 9931 images that exist in our database associated with this post. This post of "30 inch trendy three colors ombre indian remy clip in hair" was uploaded by claude on 11-10-2018 and posted on the romishop.co website with category Indian Remy Hair Extensions and has been viewed some 553,046 times.
This pictures of "30 inch trendy three colors ombre indian remy clip in hair" is from the above 900x1200 resolutions which is part of the Indian Remy Hair Extensions directory, Download this wallpapers for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. 30 inch trendy three colors ombre indian remy clip in hair can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
This is a images related to 30 inch trendy three colors ombre indian remy clip in hair, there are approximately 9931 image related to this indian remy hair extensions photos gallery. Please see the details below and click on the title for more information..
30

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.44856
Retrieved Text: Danger-room session had gone fine, absolutely, if nothing else, it kept his mind focussed on what he was doing - instead of what he *wanted* to do. With only a skeleton crew present at the mansion, the place hadn't exactly been crowded. Deserted was more like it. He'd felt good after the workout, enjoyed the lingering feel of adrenalin. Yes... that had to be the explanation - he'd been high on adrenalin.
Bobby swallowed hard and tried to scold himself for sounding like a bad poet. The memory, though, the memory of Remy in the shower, naked... He really should have left at that point, instead of staring at the mesmerizing display in front of him.
Back turned to the door, muscular body relaxed. Wonderfully shaped shoulders, not too broad or bulky, tanned skin - equally tanned all over, as he couldn't help noticing. Pale scars here and there... Bobby couldn't move, couldn't close his eyes, as Remy began turning around, blinking water out of his eyes.
That's all Bobby saw, as he finally regained control of his body - well, more or less, and fled the room, not stopping until he'd closed his own door.
Another sigh escaped him as he stepped into the hot spray. Figures he'd go and fall for a guy who was 110% straight. Sure, Remy would flirt shamelessly with anything that had a pulse, but from there to actually doing anything that had a pulse, including Bobby, was an entirely different thing.
Deciding around lunchtime to allow his growling stomach to convince him that leaving

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.20476
Retrieved Text: Remy Martin is a brand of upscale cognacs that are produced in the Cognac region in France. They refer to their products as “Cognac Fine Champagne”, which was originally produced by the French winemaker Remy Martin.
The original business was founded in 1724, however, the Remy Martin business is currently owned by the company Remy Cointreau, which was founded in 1991.
There are many products that Remy Martin produces including the most popular ones such as Remy Martin VSOP, Remy Martin XO Special, Remy Martin XO Excellence, Remy Martin Extra, Remy Martin Club, and Remy Martin 1738. In popular culture, it is primarily known for its Remy Martin XIII, which costs anywhere from $2,000 to $3,000 per bottle.
Below are the latest Remy Martin prices.
Remy Martin is an expensive brand of cognac, and thus it is generally not a good idea to use it in mixed drinks. You should really be using cheap cognacs or brandys. However, since some people prefer to make mixed drinks, we have gathered some popular cognac mixed drink recipes for your enjoyment.
Just remember, when you mix Remy Martin, make sure it’s VSOP and not a higher-end kind like XO.
Autumn in New York – 1 oz. Remy Martin VSOP cognac and 12 oz. Zima.
One Night Stand – 5 oz. Remy Martin VSOP cognac, 3 1/2 oz. Mountain Dew citrus soda, and 3 1/2 oz. orange juice.
Purple Passion #2 – 3 oz. Remy Martin VSOP cognac, 3 oz. Hypnotic liqueur, and 3 oz. Alize Red Passion liqueur.
Beautiful – 3 oz. Remy Martin VSOP cognac and 3

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.12583
Retrieved Text: For those considering purchasing Remy hair expansions and Remy hair weaves surprisingly, beneath is a rundown of contemplations before acquiring your Remy hair.
Remy hair is better than engineered hair and different sorts of human hair augmentations for 5 reasons: Natural brilliance and sparkle, non-abrasiveness, quality and life span. Remy hair’s prevalence is expected over the way that the hair shaft is fingernail skin adjusted i.e. All the hair is laying in the same heading. Fingernail skin adjusted hair reflects light in a specific manner, is simpler to keep up and style and is inclined to less tangling and tangling.
It has been decently reported that the consistent utilization of hair augmentations can result in harm to your own hair, scalp and hair follicles. It is fundamentally imperative that you guarantee that your hair as wholesale hair products and scalp are in great condition before undertaking to decide to include Remy hair augmentations, weaves, prebonded tips or cut ins. On the off chance that you are utilizing the sew-in technique for connection then guarantee that your own hair is solid and more than 2″ long. Guarantee that in any one 6 month period that you give your own hair and scalp a rest by evacuating all sew in weaves for at any rate a 2 week period. On the off chance that your decision of connection is holding then guarantee that your hair is not diminishing and is more than 3″ long before undertaking to have them appended. Likewise with sew-in weaves, on the off chance that you

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.08419
Retrieved Text: The Isabelle Armstrong Collection, by designer Remy Quinones, was founded first and foremost on Remy’s love of, and desire to create beautiful wedding gowns that meet the expectations of brides looking for the dress of their dreams. Never one to settle for the status quo of ‘just another pretty dress,’ Remy unleashed her passion for exquisite European couture fabrics and custom embroideries, informing each Isabelle Armstrong dress with these essential elements of the brand DNA, setting her collection above and beyond the many other designer labels on the market.
Just as the outside of the dress is essential, the inside is even more so. Remy and her expert team create a unique construction that gives every bride the fit of her life in a weightless, graceful, timeless wedding dress.
Every season, Remy challenges herself and her team with new, innovative silhouettes and details that make each dress as individual as the bride who will wear them. Luxe, handcrafted fabrics marry innovation and forward-thinking design with time-honored craft, all vital DNA hallmarks of the Isabelle Armstrong wedding gown collection.
The Isabelle Armstrong wedding gowns are carried exclusively at Ivory Bridal Atelier.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.85166
Retrieved Text: Think back Mackie (née Smith; May 30, 1980),] referred to professionally as Remy Ma (some time ago Remy Martin), is an American rapper and individual from Fat Joe’s rap group, Dreadsquad. Mama was highlighted on the gathering’s hit melody “Recline” from their second collection Genuine Story and M.O.P’s. “Stake Up (Remix).” Her presentation solo collection, There’s Something About Remy: Given a Genuine Story, was discharged on February 7, 2006.
She has won two Vibe grants, two Source grants, a Wager grant for “Best Female Hip Jump,” from three selections in that class. Remy refers to Enormous Punisher and Roxanne Shante as her greatest influences. In 2011, Remy Mama’s music was highlighted and talked about in a narrative, Dark Way of life in Japan, where she was adulated for looking “beautiful” and laid out as a standout amongst the most as often as possible tuned into hip-bounce artists in Japan, among more young women. In 2015, Remy Mama joined the cast of VH1’s Adoration and Hip Jump: New York for its 6th season. She got two Grammy assignments for her 2016 single “As far as possible Up.” Remy Ma Net worth is around $ 3 Million, for the time of 2016-17.
Early Life: She was conceived on 30 may, 1980 in the amazing city of Stronghold Slope, New York City, Joined Conditions of America. Remy Mama was Grammy-selected American rapper an individual from “Fat Joe’s Rap Group” named in “Fear Squad.” She has won two vibe grants, source grant. An ASCAP Pop honor and a wagering award for the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.45744
Retrieved Text: Milky Way Saga Gold 100% Human Hair Remy Hair. Milky Way Saga Gold Finger Roll Human Hair Remy Weave Hair, Milky Way Saga Gold Aksent Body Weave Human Hair Remy Weave Hair, Milky Way Saga Gold Yaky Straight Human Hair Remy Weave Hair, Milky Way Saga Gold Oprah Wave Human Hair Remy Weave Hair. Saga Gold Hair Weave & Extension from the makers of Milky Way Saga.
Saga Gold Remy Hair French Twist Weave 3Pcs, Saga Gold Remy Hair New Deep Weave 3 Pcs, Saga Gold Remy Hair Oprah Queen Weave 3 Pcs, Saga Gold Remy Hair Spiral Roll Weave 3 Pcs, Saga Gold Remy Hair Water Deep Weave 3 Pcs.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.450104
Retrieved Text: Buy Stock Glueless Lace Front Wigs Indian Remy Hair Deep Wave at the units brand new and don’t cut the lace. Hair Deep Wave Glueless Full Lace Wigs.
Home > In stock full Lace Wigs > water wave Full lace wigs with baby water wave Full lace wigs with baby hair -LW00113. Indian remy deep curl human hair full.
Within Large Stock New Arrival Body Wave Wholesale Indian Remy Hair Weave Pcs, US $ 15 - 50 / Piece, Hair Extension, Machine Made Weft, Human Hair, Indian Hair.Source from Guangzhou Xibolai Hair Products Co., Ltd. on Alibaba.
Find the high quality Heavy Density Deep Wave Indian Remy Hair 360 Lace Wigs in affordable full lace wigs section direct from China Factory.
Jan 26, 2013· beautylacewigs have more than 5000pieces stock wigs.Hope everyone lady can get beautylacewigs!
360 Lace Frontal Wigs Deep Wave Wigs Human Indian Remy Hair 360 Lace 360 Lace Frontal Wigs Deep Wave Wigs Human Indian Remy Hair 360 deep wave 360 lace wigs.
>>>Juicy home >>stock full lace wigs-Deep Wave Wigs . Deep Wave Full Lace Wigs . NOTICE: & Our deep wave full lace wigs are Made By Hand for 100% Indian Remy & We use special hair treatment technique to make sure our lace wigs no shedding, no tangled.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.442425
Retrieved Text: Patrick was a runner and an accountant who worked out of his home in Houston. They were a perfect match- however reluctant Patrick was to take Remy in, in the first place.
It was a cloudy overcast day in March and the skies were opening to pour. Patrick had just started his run, when he noticed a small, gorgeous pointer puppy scratching at an industrial fence surrounding an abandoned factory downtown.
Patrick looked around for the puppy’s owner or his mother, but there was no one. It began to rain. First slowly and then came down in sheets. Patrick thought quickly. There was an opening in the fence, a few feet from where the puppy was trying to get through. Patrick scooped Remy up and squeezed through the small opening. Maybe he could take cover under the awning he saw across the factory yard. Remy cuddled into the crook of Patrick’s armpit.
The factory had ivy growing up the side of the brick. It was the kind of charming place that would make a great brewery or trendy advertising space, Patrick thought. He had never run on this side of town before, but found that by switching up his running spots, he learned more about the city and also got a better workout. The hills were different etc. Taking cover under the awning got him close enough to the shattered window of the place to see why no one wanted it. He smelled urine. He saw squatters. There were fires burning in old rusty trashcans strewn intermittingly across the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.274445
Retrieved Text: Remy Ma, not content with just dropping diss tracks aimed at Nicki Minaj, has started sharing personal photos of her adversary on Instagram.
In a now-deleted post, Remy shared a photo of Nicki on all fours atop a bed wearing little besides her bra and a g-string. Remy didn’t reveal how she came by the photo, but it was clear that her intention was to embarrass Minaj. The tweet followed Remy dropping “Another One,” her second diss track for Nicki in just over a week.
The photo is evidently from before Nicki became famous, with the rapper looking significantly different. Remy Ma pointed this difference out by captioning the photo #B4TheButtJob.
Before long, it seemed as though Remy had thought better of the whole thing, deleting the Instagram post. For a while later, the accompanying tweet that came with it remained on Remy’s Twitter, but she eventually got rid of that too.
Somehow we don’t think that Remy taking down the photo is going to be enough to quell the bad blood between the two, especially when one bears in mind the lyrics “they was sellin’ footage and you know I bought it,” which seems to suggest that Remy has more physical evidence of Nicki Minaj that might cause her some embarrassment.
So far, Nicki hasn’t responded to Remy’s bait — something that could all change now that Remy has made it more personal than ever.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.193604
Retrieved Text: Remy Straight Hair Styles – This New Remy Straight Hair Styles Inspiration photos was upload on July, 9 2018 by Carmella Kozey. Here latest Remy Straight Hair Styles images collection. Download other images about Remy Straight Hair Styles in our other reviews. Click on images to download New Remy Straight Hair Styles Inspiration in high resolution.
You can get this New Remy Straight Hair Styles Inspiration photos for your collection. Don’t forget to rate and comment if you interest with this Remy Straight Hair Styles photos. Please contact us if it contains a copyright.
Related Post "New Remy Straight Hair Styles Inspiration"

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.170483
Retrieved Text: Through the lace wigs inception, types of hair were limited to only a few textures. These days, there are a myriad of remy tresses choices for all ethnicities as well as backgrounds. These added choices make having a lace hairpiece even more exciting as you change yourself into a style chameleon.
Remy is curly hair which the cuticle is dealing with the direction in which this grew. There are many different categories which remy can full below and each one varies greatly. The greatest of quality for human being hair is virgin. This particular malaysian deep curly hair is unprocessed and also was cut in the path it originally grew within. Not all remy hair is actually virgin. Once virgin frizzy hair is chemically processed or even colored, it simply becomes remy and is no longer virgin.
The phrase malaysian hair wigs itself is often taken advantage of today in the industry to attract those interested in lace wigs. Some remy is prepared with harsh chemicals after becoming collected from mass locks collectors in China along with other Asian countries. Only the finest associated with remy hair is gathered by a single collector who else extracts the hair directly from the actual donor being careful regarding damaging the cuticle.
Indian remy is the most well-known and produced malaysian wavy hair. Indian remy come in a variety of colors and measures. Since most Indian's possess very dark colored tresses, tresses marketed as virgin cuticle hair should also be the exact same color.
Indian texture is really popular because it is versatile

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.07925
Retrieved Text: There's no denying that there's a problem with school dress codes.
They often don't make sense and are enforced randomly. And with the power of social media, people are speaking up about how ridiculous it is to be called out for what seem to be very tame fashion choices.
Remy Altuna is the latest student to come forward when she was called out by a teacher for what she was wearing.
Remy is a student at Beaumont High School in southern California.
She was recently called out by the vice principal for wearing an inappropriate outfit.
Remy maintains that her outfit wasn't inappropriate.
She was wearing a pair of jeans and a bodysuit without a bra.
After the incident, Remy posted about it on her Twitter where it began to gain traction online.
According to Remy, the vice principal wanted her to put on a jacket to cover up. She was concerned that people would "assume bad things" about Remy.
In an interview with Yahoo! Style about the incident, Remy said that the dress code is strict, but it isn't being enforced equally for boys and girls.
“'This year it just seems like they’re really out for blood, looking for anything."
"It would be one thing if they were dress-coding boys and girls equally, but she notes that girls have been the biggest targets, while the boys’ violations, such as ripped jeans, are overlooked."
And it looks like the support for Remy has been mixed.
Unfortunately, some men have replied to Remy's tweet to explain to her that guys just can't help but stare at braless women, and they

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.018723
Retrieved Text: For the first time this year we trained outside, fantastic day !
I warmed up and stretched at home before meeting Micke outside and we took our bikes for the first ride of the year !
That was kind of tough, at the arrival at the slope we met Remy and decided to go check the front side. That is where we found lots of snow and instead of going around, Micke decided we would go up instead. Riding the bike up this slope is mission impossible due to the steepness so we pushed/ carried our bikes while Remy ran up. YEAH good idea Micke, I thought I would never be able to train after that!
Combination : Jab cross hook , without gloves focusing on power and speed , keeping a good stance and appropriate footwork.
We were told to do a 1000 but I don´t think we did them all !
Then we worked on the double hook kick: low and high without landing. Here too, focus on a good position, stability and control as much as power.
I was quite happy with the feeling I had today on the mitts, I think I can notice the improvement because of the work I do at home, both kicks and punches felt more controlled and stable today, I surely need some more work and especially with the balance, but stretching before the session felt like a good idea for me, and with that kind of warmup I think it all helped a little !
We went to the edge of the slope

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.96081
Retrieved Text: disappears before he can catch it.
now a baron, are also on the trail.
Bill and Huey, who ³is the key that opens the door to everywhere² (see iss. 3).
tunnels (X-Factor 10). She asks him if he blames Remy.
jewel disappears during the fight.
a sewer pipe, where he gets the jewel.
has stolen an adamantium stomach, which was supposed to go into Judge Buechler.
survive. They fight on top of a train to Jersey, then all jump off a bridge.
attempt while he was in prison.
his adamantium coils to Creed, and the jerk Buechler gets the stomach.
as well as rescuing Jean Luc and Tante Mattie as children.
past, leaving the Mengos to guard Sekmeht.
Doyle¹s Moriarty). He knows Jacques LeBeau.
Further Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix).
takes the Guild members captive.
past Courier, who reverts to his true form and is knocked out.
legends of Essex, with ghostly pale face, linked to the ancient Egyptian warlord.
newspaper that Essex, calling himself Milbury, is connected to the Black Womb.
It¹s a race to New York to investigate.
Duchess of Devonshire painting) to get his yacht and sail to New York.
Essex is operating under the alias of Dr. Milbury, obstetrician.
still interested in Courier in iss. 9?).
in her 5th Avenue mansion. In the entry hall, he is attacked by the Guild.
head with a flower pot.
tells Remy where to find her doctor, Milbury.
are mobbed by early Morlocks.
a jar and offers to make a deal with Remy.
Kingdom, then Candra shows up.
he gave to Sinister, but somehow he can¹t do it.
Remy needs her help in the past. She needs to go to Jean Luc.
and is told he

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.88706
Retrieved Text: Frankie smiled softly as he held him close.
Jacen leaned his head on Frankie's chest, closing his eyes as he tried to relax.
"Will you be fine here?"
"What do you want?" Remy asked.
Frankie started to carry him downstairs.
"Yeah, Jasper is here is anything happens."
Jacen held onto Frankie tightly, leaning against him more.
Artemis smiled and nodded. "True..."
"Okay." Remy chuckled before getting up.
Julian smiled as he rubbed his stomach.
"I'll be back later, okay?"
Remy smiled at him before going out into the kitchen.
"I love you too." Frankie said with a soft smile.
Julian picked up a book as he waited.
Jacen smiled before starting to fall back asleep in Frankie's arms.
"Love you." Artemis smiled, hugging Alex tightly.
Remy came back soon after with Julian's food.
Alex smiled happily and kissed him softly.
Julian smiled as he took the offered bowl.
Jay slowly opened his eyes.
Artemis kissed him back before reluctantly letting go.
Remy smiled and sat back beside him.
Cody was half asleep, curled up against Jay, one arm around his friend.
Alex sighed but let him go.
Julian started on his food.
Artemis frowned at the sigh and kissed him again. "We shouldn't be gone too long."
"Good?" Remy asked as he watched him.
"I will." Artemis nodded, kissing Alex's head.
Julian kisses his cheek with a smile.
Artemis gave a small smile before turning and going to find Frankie.
Remy chuckled and carefully pulled Julian close.
Frankie was in the hallway with Jacen.
Julian smiled as he relaxed again.
Jay curled up sadly, wanting to know if Seth was ok.
Artemis smiled when he saw them, speaking quietly when he saw Jacen asleep. "Ready to go?"
Remy held Julian close,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.48828
Retrieved Text: Remy clip in hair extensions remy human hair extensions uk,Items 1 – 12 of 31 remy or remi hair is beautifully soft and shiny and will last much longer than standard european hair extensions,Remy hair extensions real human hair extensions uk,Welcome to hairxtensions co uk, we are uk based hair extension distributor which provides a wide collection of remy hair extensions, hair wefts and clip in sets,Lush hair extensions uk remy human hair extensions,Lush hair extensions uk: human hair extensions wavy clip in hair extensions that offer celebrity worthy hairstyles and all sourced from ethical suppliers.
Beauty works: award-winning human hair extensions hair,Award-winning human hair extensions by beauty works and clip in hair extensions, pre-bonded, weft and tape in hair extensions uk europe store,Remy hair extensions uk remi human hair clip in hairtrade,Products 1 – 9 of 9 discover high quality remy hair extensions online today from us search our collection of remi human hair weaves available in a range of,Secret hair extensions: remy hair extensions hair extensions uk,Secret hair extensions uk, luxury remy hair extensions, quality guarantee clip in hair extensions, tape in hair extensions, pre bonded hair, nano hair,Amazon co uk hair extensions,Online shopping for hair extensions from a great selection at beauty store 16 double weft clip in human hair extensions real remy hair full head 8.
Buy hair extensions ebay,100% real remy human hair extensions full head clip in best weft highlight uk l uk stock,18 20 22 black brown blonde diy curl,By cliphair: clip in human hair extensions,100% remy human hair extensions 10

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.386955
Retrieved Text: Over the weekend, Cardi B and Nicki Minaj got into an altercation during New York Fashion Week. Since then, everyone has had on opinion on the incident, including Remy Ma, Nicki Minaj’s nemesis.
On the premiere of State of the Culture, alongside Joe Budden, Remy was asked her thoughts about what transpired between Cardi and Nicki. Remy pointed out that while neither Nicki or Cardi “connected” and a real altercation did not take place, people should not be surprised when Cardi B backs up the words that she has always said. Remy also warns that people should stop talking crazy due to the repercussions that come with it.
As far as what the future holds, Remy Ma says she doesn’t think another fight will take place.
There are going to be extra precautions taken so that these two don’t cross paths again.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.317368
Retrieved Text: Van Gogh spent time in two places in the South of France: St Remy de Provence and Arles. In 1889, following the infamous incident where he cut off part of his ear, he was brought to the asylum in St Remy by a priest and his doctor and here he stayed for 12 months.
Van Gogh had come to the South of France from Paris for health reasons (he was a heavy drinker and smoke) and to establish an artists collective to produce artwork which could then be sold in Paris by his brother, Theo van Gogh. The 2 years van Gogh spent in the South of France, resulted in him producing over 350 paintings, including most of his masterpieces. For most of this time he lived in abject poverty and was wracked by convulsions, epileptic fits, deep depression and hallucinations.
Vincent Van Gogh initially stayed in Arles, South France, for 15 months from February 1888. Following the infamous ear-cutting incident, he was brought voluntarily to the monastery in St Remy (which also doubled as an asylum) by his priest and his doctor. At the St Paul de Mausole asylum, van Gogh was mainly confined to his room, but he did have use of a small studio and he was allowed out into the gardens of the asylum on supervised visits. During this time, due to his restricted access to landscapes, he focused his art on still life flowers (lilacs and irises) as well as his series of paintings depicting cypress trees and olive trees. In May 1890,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.249466
Retrieved Text: - Size: from 8" to 28-35"
RVHHE Natural Straight Indian Remy Hair Extensions, for RESELL, Pack Size: 10"-30"
Bulk Hair Extension simply refers to the fact the hair strands are collected and tied in bulk in the required weight. Bulk Hair Extension is ideal for those who make their own pre bonded strands or for the manufacture of other hair products such as wigs.
HM Women Remy Unprocessed Wavy Human Hair, 20"
Length Size: Length available up to 30"
With the help of our expert professionals, we have been able to offer Virgin Remy Human Hair. We offer these products in compliance with requirements of our clients. Procured from the reliable vendors of the market, these products processed using excellent quality hairs and advanced technology.
We bring forth vast industrial Matching up with the exact requirements of customers, we are involved in presenting a wide array of Remy Hair Extension.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.15803
Retrieved Text: Gambit has been part of the game from pretty early on, appearing in the opening box text for the first session. He didn’t feature prominently, but there is a good chance we’ll be seeing him again. As always, There isn’t going to be anything posted below that you can’t find on http://earth-592.robjustice.net.
Abandoned at birth due to his burning red eyes, the child who would one day become Remy LeBeau was kidnapped from his hospital ward by members of the New Orleans Thieves Guild who referred to the child as “le diable blanc” – the white devil. They believed he was the child that had been prophesied to unite the warring Guilds.
As part of a peace pact between the Guild and their rivals a marriage was arranged between Remy and Bella Donna Boudreaux, the granddaughter of the head of a rival Guild. However, Bella Donna’s brother Julien objected to the marriage and challenged Gambit to a duel. Remy killed Julien in self-defense, but was excommunicated and banished from New Orleans in an attempt to maintain the non-aggression pact between the two guilds.
Remy wandered the world as he plied his skills as a master thief, aided by his mutant power to charge objects with explosive energy. He employed playing cards he charged with kinetic energy as his trademark weapon. Eventually, Remy encountered Storm, a member of a team of mutant adventurers known as the X-Men. Storm sponsored Remy’s admission into the X-Men. After a year of mistrust and threats, Remy left the X-Men and set out on his

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.127422
Retrieved Text: Chapter 94 - ГЛАВА 94.
Сент-Джеймсский парк - это зеленый островок в самом центре Лондона, расположенный неподалеку от Вестминстерского и Букингемского дворцов. Теперь он открыт для всех желающих, но некогда король Генрих VIII обнес парк изгородью и развел там оленей, на которых охотился вместе с придворными. В теплые солнечные дни лондонцы устраивают пикники прямо под раскидистыми ивами и кормят пеликанов, обитающих в пруду. Кстати, дальние предки этих пеликанов некогда были подарены Карлу II русским послом.
The Teacher saw no pelicans today. The stormy weather had brought instead seagulls from the ocean. The lawns were covered with them-hundreds of white bodies all facing the same direction, patiently riding out the damp wind. Despite the morning fog, the park afforded splendid views of the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. Gazing across the sloping lawns, past the duck pond and the delicate silhouettes of the weeping willows, the Teacher could see the spires of the building that housed the knight's tomb-the real reason he had told Remy to come to this spot.
As the Teacher approached the front passenger door of the parked limousine, Remy leaned across and opened the door. The Teacher paused outside, taking a pull from the flask of cognac he was carrying. Then, dabbing his mouth, he slid in beside Remy and closed the door.
Remy held up the keystone like a trophy.
- Ты прекрасно справился, - сказал Учитель.
"We have done well," Remy replied, laying the keystone in the Teacher's eager hands.
- Мы справились вместе! - поправил его Реми. И передал камень Учителю.
The Teacher admired it a long

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.108475
Retrieved Text: This weekend, when Remy Ma released her "ShETHER" song, you knew it was only a matter of time before Nicki responded. Well now we know HOW Nicki&apos;s gonna respond - with SLANDER.
Look at the video that was sent to our inbox this morning - an old video of video vixen Gloria Velez, claiming that she KNOCKED OUT Remy . . . and stole her chain.
I ran into [Remy] at Jadakiss album release party, and I banged her out. I f*cked her up.
[Remy] underestimated a b*tch [like me]. Pretty girls can f*ck a b*tch up too, you know. Not just ugly b*tches can fight.
I [stole] her sh*t - her chain. F*cked her up.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.099308
Retrieved Text: Michael Remy, Danielle Remy & Jim Majka have joined forces as the "Remy Team". These three dynamic agents have over 70 years experience in residential real estate, all head quartered on the Virginia Peninsula. The Remy Team covers all of S.E. Virginia from Williamsburg to Gloucester & Gloucester to York County to Chesapeake and the North Carolina line.
We are part of a full service Realty company offering all facets of the real estate buying experience under one roof. We are physically located in Newport News Town Center, the geographical center of our Peninsula. Members of our team are poised to help clients achieve their real estate needs: buying, selling or property management.
Michael handled everything! We were selling from out of state and Michael made the process a seamless one! He kept us informed and was there at the house when we couldn’t be.
As a first time home buyer, I came into this process stressed and confused. The Remy team, Danielle and Vaughnery, really were great at answering all of my questions and putting my needs first.
A proven realtor for many years.
A helpful staff also made smooth work out of selling our home.
Kept us updated through out the process. Was responsive with any any questions we had. Had to have a new roof put on and was able to quickly get us quotes and the job done once quote was accepted.
Michael was extremely helpful and made the process as smooth as it could be. He was knowledgeable and a pleasure to work with and we highly recommend

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.941452
Retrieved Text: Dr Remy Gerbay is a Lecturer in International Arbitration at the Centre for Commercial Law Studies, Queen Mary University of London (QMUL). He is also co-director of the distance learning LL.M, PGDip and Certificate in international dispute resolution.
Alongside his academic post at QMUL, Remy is also Counsel at US-based disputes firm MoloLamken LLP, where he advises companies and individuals in respect of complex international arbitrations and related litigation. Remy is admitted to practice as an Attorney (state of New York) and as a Solicitor (England and Wales). Remy frequently sits as arbitrator, having been appointed in ad hoc, ICC, LCIA, Swiss Chambers, DIAC and KIAC arbitrations (as co-arbitrator, sole and presiding arbitrator).
Remy holds a PhD in international arbitration law from Queen Mary, an LLM from Georgetown Law (Fulbright Scholar), a Master's Degree from the Graduate Institute (University of Geneva), and a French law degree from the University of Lyon (High Honours).
In addition to Queen Mary, Remy has taught at various schools including SciencesPo (Paris) and Georgetown University.
Remy is the former Deputy Registrar of the LCIA. He is a former co-Chair of the LCIA’s Young International Arbitration Group (YIAG) (2013-2017). He is a member of the Editorial Boards of the Journal of International Arbitration and the ICC Bulletin, and a member of Georgetown University Law Center’s European Alumni Advisory Board.
In 2017 Remy was identified as a “Future Leader” of arbitration by Who’s Who Legal. He was also recommended by Legal 500 (UK) for international arbitration (2015).
Chapter (as co-author) “International Fraud and Asset Tracing – France,” with Denis

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.876255
Retrieved Text: Cari groaned. "It's kind of boring without classes....."
Upon those dark pages obscured by the ages, thy sorrow will dance, for now thy life shalt be merely a dark trance.' He stared at the page with disbelief. 'This was... quite unusual...' He looked at the book cover and observed it for a few seconds.
Curious Remy glanced over at Jeremie. Seeing he just picked up a enormous book. "W- whats that ? Doesn't look like a funny book ..." He came closer so he could look over his shoulder.
Cari stared at Jeremy. "What the..."
'This book has no title...' He flipped through the pages 'All blank...' He then noticed something. Something that troubled him a lot. 'Guys... the stuff I just read... disappeared...' He stared at the page in pure shock. His heart skipped a beat. 'It's... probably some prank... of course...' He slowly put the book on the table and stared at it with wide open eyes.
Remy stand next to Jeremy biting is lip softley. "You sure ...?" He streched out his arm to touch the book and flip the pages. 'Why would it be blank ?"
Cari frowned. "Some kind of magic book? Remy, could you pass it here?"
He stood up and started walking around the table nervously, sticking his thumb in his mouth and lightly biting the skin. 'What bothers me is... the spell written on the first page... How come it disappeared right after I read it?' He looked suspiciously at the book.
Shaking a little Remy hand over the book to Cari. Turning his face to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.810844
Retrieved Text: Remy has no memories of his parents. Born in New Orleans with unusual eyes - red irises on black sclera - it was because of his unique eyes that he was snatched from the hospital shortly after birth. It was believed that he was the fulfillment of an ancient prophecy for the even older Thieves Guild.
In those early months, he was under the guardianship of a person known as the Antiquary. Jean-Luc LeBeau saw the child and could not abide the thought of him being raised a relative slave. LeBeau struck a bargain with the Antiquary to free Remy. He was placed into the care of fellow Thieves' Guild member Fagan's group of child-thieves to grow.
Existing on the streets is a tough life and worse for a child. Remy showed his instincts were strong and he was a survivor. He was determined to make his way, humble though it was. Eating from discarded meals and scraps, ducking out of sight to avoid the tougher gangs that beat up the smaller and weaker. He watched other members of the Thieves' Guild as they picket pockets and robbed to get their ill gotten gain. Learning from an early age the laws of the street, he also turned to picking pockets though he was no instant success. Once he perfected his techniques, he was able to carve out a living for the next several years.
When ten, Remy crossed paths with Jean-Luc LeBeau once again - he tried to pick the man's pocket. He almost succeed and it was from

================



======= Instance Index 3 =========
Input Text: Context: Addison gave a hug to Skylar's son when they were feeling down.

Question: Why did Addison do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: better

B: wrong

C: keep hugging the son

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.082523
Retrieved Text: The Crown's star witness in the Rae Portman murder trial has described watching a man strangle the Hamilton woman with a strop.
The pregnant 33-year-old went missing in June 2012 and her body was found at a South Auckland farm in September that year.
Paraire Te Awa is on trial at the High Court in Auckland and denies charges of kidnapping and murdering Ms Portman before dumping her body down a pit on the farm.
Dean Addison is also accused of kidnapping and faces drugs charges. He denies the charges.
The Crown says Rae Portman was kidnapped and murdered after a drug deal went sour.
Lee Rigby is serving a prison sentence for kidnapping Ms Portman and used to work for Mr Addison in his workshop.
On Wednesday, he told the court that he feared for his life and so helped Mr Te Awa kidnap her.
Rigby said he drove Ms Portman's car while she was bound and gagged in the boot to an industrial site in Hamilton. He said he "freaked out" when he saw Mr Te Awa tie the strop around her neck and twist it over and over again. Moments later, Ms Portman was dead.
Rigby said he also used to deliver drugs and money for Mr Addison and that the workshop was just a front.
Earlier, Dean Addison's lawyer Mark Ryan told the court that Mr Addison and his wife were good friends with Rae Portman and tried to help police find her.
Mr Ryan said his client was arrested only after evidence from Rigby, who was given a significantly reduced sentence.
Rae

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.531553
Retrieved Text: My son, unfortunately, falls into the category of being “unintuitive”. He is sensitive, but things have to be pointed out to him. There is nothing wrong with it as long as the female in his life doesn’t mind either.
When my friend died last week it hit me pretty hard. After visiting her and her family that day I came home and holed up in my room with some wine and my phone. I was feeling a little sorry for myself because Emily and my sister Ellen weren’t there. They are always there for me, but they weren’t physically there and I really could have used them. I told Emily on the phone that I really needed a hug.
I didn’t realize until I heard a text buzz that Tristan was charging his phone in my room. I instinctively looked over and read that it was from Emily. She wrote “go in and give mom a hug, she really needs one”.
Just then, Tristan came in and got his phone. I wondered how long it would take him to come back after reading his texts.
Ten minutes went by when Tristan knocked. He came in and sat in bed with me. He asked me to tell him what happened that day. I told him everything. He held my hand and then gave me a hug.
I hope I’ve always given them what they needed the way they just gave me what I needed.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.11175
Retrieved Text: Fan With Down Syndrome Approached Steven Tyler. His Reaction… I’m In Tears!
Steven Tyler is the ultimate hip rocker but his cool factor just went through the roof. Diane Yordifo and her son Anthony were in a medical supply store in Niagara Falls, Ontario, when the 23-year-old recognized his idol.
Anthony, who has Down Syndrome, got to chat with Tyler and take photos. When the rocker asked his fans if they were going to his show, they admitted they were unable to get tickets to the sold-out show. Tyler told them not to worry about it and got them backstage passes in the concert. At the concert Anthony had no idea what the rock star had prepared for him.
Anthony gets a warm hug from Steven Tyler.
Tyler gave Anthony special guests tickets backstage.
Hanging out with the rock star was not enough, Tyler asked Anthony to join him on stage.
Watch Anthony play the maracas to "Sweet Emotion."

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.745928
Retrieved Text: When West Virginia was hit hard by the widespread flooding, Gleaning For The World was there within 24 hours.
Yesterday (June 30th) I was in White Sulfur Springs, West Virginia handing out supplies, meeting with the National Guard and visiting the people impacted by the flood. I have been all over the world and this is truly one of the worst disasters I have seen. I met a young lady named Kim. I ask that you keep Kim and her family in your prayers. We spoke briefly, making small talk and then I asked her if she lost anything in the flood. She said her house was fine. Then she told me her grandfather, father and two uncles had lost their homes. Then she told me about her aunt who held on to a tree for several hours before she lost her strength and was found downstream the next day. I met her uncle and gave them both a long hug and promised them that God would never leave her. Before I left them, I gave them some cases of water, gloves and cleaning supplies. In the large picture you will see the tree that Kim’s uncle and aunt held onto for six hours on the night of the flood.
Comforting families impacted by flooding.
The other thing that I have seen in natural disasters which truly haunts me are the toys. There were dozens of toys covered in mud and dirt. I wonder, what happened to the children? Were they hurt? Are they OK? The toys and children

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.317156
Retrieved Text: That day at the airport, I just hold back my tears when the time for departure was announced. I could still stay calm and just reminded myself that it was exactly like the old days, those days where we were apart coz he needed to go back to his hostel. Perhaps this kind of thought will help me to keep calm. But it was different. The background was never like this. No airport, no big luggage, no red eyes. Well, I still managed to not to show my tears, till I witnessed the touching moment between my brother and my dad. My dad hugged him tightly and I could see the love was flowing and travelling between them and at this very moment, I can still remember the mood, the face expressions, I was really moved.
It breaks my heart every time I think about my dad's face at that precious moment. *wipe tears* It's very rare for me to see my dad hugs his son like that, a hug like it's a day after being separated for years, he was hugging my brother as if he's still my dad's little boy, a hug where you can feel the atmosphere suddenly turns dull and all you can do is just hoping that the time will pause and let yourself embrace the mood and love.
What was I thinking at that time? I cried because I guess, maybe all this while, my brother really long to get a warm hug from dad. I can sense that the hug had

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.278181
Retrieved Text: Photoshoot and Concert Review for Splice-MediaGroup.com at the House of Independents in Asbury Park, New Jersey on December 22, 2018.
The Happy Fits. We were here for their Holiday Show. Traveling with my daughter three days before Christmas, this was a monster road trip to see one of her (and mine) favorite group. Eight-and-a-half hours after we left home we arrived in Asbury Park. A quick scoping out of the neighborhood prior to checking into our hotel gave a great feeling about this section of New Jersey.
As we approached the venue prior to the show Luke saw Ally and gave her a big hug. These guys were fresh off their second US tour, and It was nice to see they remembered Ally. We first saw Calvin as he was setting things up right before their set and he too gave Ally a big hug and was glad to see us. This was too cool and is a perk you get when you run into genuine people like Luke, Calvin, and Ross (Ross came up and gave Ally a hug after the set). It was well worth the 1,054 mile round trip in 36 hours to catch the Holiday Show.
Once in a lifetime event. Just Ally and I headed to a HF concert – with a lot of pavement under the tires.
Oh, and I snagged #16 of 50 custom signed show posters!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.114408
Retrieved Text: When was the last time you hugged yourself? You read it right, when was the last time you gave yourself a warm, tight, comforting hug that silently assured you that everything will be fine at the end of the day.
I have always been weird about hugs and I shared my experience here. It is quite strange that you will find individuals who love hugging others but have never hugged themselves or those (like me) who hardly hug others so you can forget about doing it to yourself. I guess the saying: ‘You cannot give what you do not have’ applies in this case. So as part of my self love ritual I hug myself quite often, when I first started doing it, it was strange so I would do it in the comfort of my own room. I am still a bit uncomfortable doing it in front of other people so I usually go in the restroom and hug myself. I remember once I just needed to have a quick hug but going to the restroom was not an option, so I just did it right there at my desk in an open plan office in front of my colleagues…. AWKWARD I could not help myself. The soul needs what the soul needs.
So I hope dear readers you start giving yourselves as many hugs as possible, let me know how it goes in the comment section.
I never gave myself a hug and I guess I should have a try!
It’d be a nice experience of self loving!
Thanks

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.132458
Retrieved Text: Of all the topics one could write about I thought writing about Mother’s Day and being a mother would be easy. In some ways it is. My son brought joy and seeing him succeed in life fulfilled my most important goal…producing a happy successful adult who treats others with respect, caring and equality. That is, until I became a grandmother. On that day, my world changed. Instead of living and loving, my family broadened and became even more important. I thought a mother’s love was the epitome, the top, the Everest of caring, but love for my grand daughter surpasses all.
When I thought I might die from breast cancer, my sadness was profound, but it was not loss of life, but loss of seeing her grow up. Before I started chemotherapy, my son, daughter-in-law and granddaughter arrived, along with my three sisters. Holding their hands, feeling their love and knowing they cared, gave me strength. My granddaughter brought me a necklace to wear throughout my treatment, a little image of her. I wore it close to my heart during that entire year. It gave me strength…but she is in my thoughts and in my heart every day.
Grandchildren make old people young again. You act silly, go on carnival rides that make you sick, swim when you’re afraid of water, ice skate when your feet haven’t been in skates for 60 years, roll in the snow, go on cruises and even hold snakes. They help you through low spots and make you do all sorts of things

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.922617
Retrieved Text: Lani Tunzi, left, spoke with Doris Thielen, right, about her 100 years in Eagle Rock.
When Doris Thielen of Eagle Rock celebrates her 100th birthday this month, the milestone will be all the more remarkable for the fact that she has lived every one of her 100 years in Eagle Rock.
In a recent interview, Mrs. Thielen described her century – from February 5, 1919 to February 5, 2019 – as one defined by family and neighbors, love, marriage and motherhood, homemaking, civic pride, volunteering and gardening.
She grew up on Yosemite Drive, the daughter of Fred and Anna Krager. Her father, an Austrian immigrant and a member of the town’s symphony orchestra, had settled in the Eagle Rock area in 1903 because the expanses of land framed by hills and mountains reminded him of home.
Feeling at home in Eagle Rock – and making sure others felt at home, too – has been a constant in Doris Thielen’s life. When she was a girl, she and her mother would deliver homemade German coffee cake to people who moved onto their street, a practice she kept up through adulthood.
That boy, however, was not ‘the one.’ Doris Krager was smitten with Bob Thielen, a boy who lived around the corner – so smitten, in fact, that she would climb up on her parent’s garage roof to catch a glimpse of him. She would also bump into him – what a coincidence! – while catching the town cars that used to run along the boulevards.
Their first date was dinner and a game

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.775085
Retrieved Text: In honor of our anniversary, I wanted to share our wedding with you! This day beautifully exemplified our love for each other, as well as our style and taste, and a few of our favorite things! Our day was featured in D Magazine as well as Brides Magazine. Enjoy excerpts from these publications, as well as my own tips and advice for your big day. And catch our highlight video at the bottom of the post.
A night on the town can do you some good. Just ask Addison and Jeremy. Having both just returned home from traveling for work, Addison, a professional ballet dancer, and Jeremy, a Texas oilman at the time, decided to spend a much needed night out with their friends in Uptown. Addison, oblivious to her admirer, noticed that her friend was very distracted by someone behind her. Unable to contain herself, Addison’s friend interrupted Jeremy’s not-so-subtle stare with a “Hello! I see you looking at my friend!” Appreciating the unconventional introduction, Addison says she is forever grateful for her friend’s sass. “We have been inseparable ever since,” she says.
Reminded of their first vacation together in Carmel Valley–and the place they fell in love–Addison and Jeremy chose to marry at the Dallas Arboretum on Sunday, September 27, 2015. They incorporated rich fall colors and lined the tables with long garlands to embrace the garden’s romantic feel. The couple mixed in mid-century modern elements and “evoked a ’60s Palm Springs vibe” with a full Frank Sinatra band and a black-and-white dance floor. They went

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.736605
Retrieved Text: We made it back in time for Kylee's last kindergarten field trip of the year and we were both happy that I got to tag along on it. I have loved volunteering in her classroom every other week and being a part of different events...and she has LOVED having me there...may this continue when she is older as well. I do worry at times with how much she wants me around making our moves and adjustments even more difficult. I still can't believe how shy she is in most situations cause it is just not the girl we see at home or with friends. However, for now I will just continue loving being loved. We had a good time at Camp Albemarle on scavenger hunts, painting, going down by the river eating and being together. I LOVE this girl!
Alexis loves this girl too or should I say Kylee loves Alexis...well it goes both ways! I need to do a blog on their personalities soon and the crazy sister relationship/manipulation that is forming! A common phrase heard in our home lately is "SLEEP IN CHOTHERS BEDS" as we cater to Lexi's cute voice and now we all say the same thing instead of, sleep in each others beds. These girls beg to sleep together but rarely ever can fall asleep. They enjoy their so called "chit chat time" We love it too and are so happy they have each other. One night they actually succeeded and we got this image in Ky's bed.
Don't mind Lexi's chin, that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.61254
Retrieved Text: This page added on April 1, 2001.
The outdoor pix were from Skylar's Birthday get together. The indoor pix are from around Xmas when Skylar stayed with us for a night.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.601217
Retrieved Text: I watched a video this morning that was posted on Facebook. I don’t typically watch videos. I rarely have time to sit and enjoy them, but the description of this one caught my eye. It said “Great example of how all gifts should be given and received.” Being as it is near Christmas I decided to spend the 2 minutes to give it a watch through…and I’m glad I did.
The video was of a young boy, perhaps on his birthday. The family is obviously struggling for money. Most likely working multiple jobs to make ends meet, like so many people. The first gift the boy opens is a cutting board. Did he react in frustration, anger, disgust? No. This boy got up and gave his mother a hug, thanking her for the gift. Then told her that he was excited to use it.
The boy hardly looked excited but he was gracious about the gift, knowing it was the best his parents could afford. If that were not touching enough, the boy reaches under the table and removes a second box. Slowly unwrapping the present, you can seen an even balance of excitement and preparedness for another gift similar to the cutting board.
When the box lid is opened the boy falls still. His face goes blank. His eyes wide with wonder. There, inside the box, sits a tablet. He doesn’t react for nearly a full minute, too stunned by the gift. Then, he does the most priceless thing. He cries in gratitude and rushes to give his

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.526133
Retrieved Text: 16, 1995, and was recently profiled in the Tribune.
His brother, Jordan, then 22 months old, also survived.
When police arrested Williams, she was holding Elijah, who was still alive.
January 22, 2012 Convicted in a horrific triple homicide, Jacqueline Annette Williams wants her case reopened, arguing that she has paid her debt to society for her role in the slaying of an Addison woman whose full-term baby was cut from her womb.
I'm sorry but they have already been tried and sentenced." November 4, 1998 The prosecution in the murder trial of Fedell Caffey rested its case Tuesday after presenting the testimony of a Schaumburg convenience store employee who said Caffey had purchased baby wipes hours after Debra Evans and her daughter were murdered.
Evans, 28, of Addison had been murdered hours earlier, prosecutors say, by attackers who cut a full-term fetus from her womb and kidnapped it.
Fedell Caffey and Jacqueline Williams decided they wanted to have a baby.
On November 16, 1995, Debra Evans was fatally shot and stabbed in the presence of her young children: Samantha, age 10, Joshua, age 8, and Jordan, age 2.In recent letters, Williams asks to be reunited with her three adult children and six grandchildren.The prisoner said she misses the little things, such as being able "to smell a flower" or enjoy "a hug from my family." Williams has participated in prison classes such as dog grooming, cosmetology, restaurant management, anger management and Alcoholics Anonymous, she said.We have many plans and enthusiasm to keep expanding and making Murderpedia a better site, but we really

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.239096
Retrieved Text: I miss my kid. It doesn’t matter that he’s almost 32 years old, married, and has been living 2,000 miles away for nearly nine years. I miss my kid. We generally manage to see one another at least four or five times a year. His dad and I get on a plane or the kid stops by here on what we affectionately refer to as a “fly-by.” He comes through town on his way to or from a business trip. We get to see each other pretty frequently really.
And why I’m whining I’ll never know because I talk to him almost daily thanks to free long distance on cell phones, plus we email, IM, Skype, and if I texted, we’d probably be texting, too. He and his wife are great about keeping us up-to-date on their lives so far away with FaceBook posts and pictures attached to emails. We got to participate when they bought their house, when they adopted our grand-dog, Lily, when they redid the yard, repainted the walls, and bought new furniture. We got to ooh and ahh over the new car and there’s nothing more fun than talking to Lily on Skype. A baffled Golden Retriever is a hoot—I hear grandma and grandpa, so why can’t they pet me?
My ancestors would smack me upside the head—a hundred years ago, when a child moved so far away from home, chances were you’d never see them again. Mail delivery was iffy, planes were a whole new concept, trains took a long time and were

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.118496
Retrieved Text: The lives of three families have been forever changed as a result of a suspected DWI accident just a few miles west of Fort Bend County on I-10.
Early last Thursday, about 2:30 in the morning, Katherine Addison, 48, and her 12 year old son Kendall Addison of Simonton were killed in a traffic accident on I-10 just west of Brookshire. According to law enforcement reports, Ms. Addison and her son were traveling west bound on I-10 when she had a flat tire. Katherine and Kendall Addison were both killed when a passing pickup truck hit their car and it burst into flames. Kendall was a 6th grade student at LCISD’s Wertheimer campus, next to Briscoe Jr High and Foster High School.
The driver of the truck that hit and killed the Addisons had been identified as Taylor McShan, 23, of Sealy. He and a friend, probationary Katy police officer Cody Parchman were reportedly headed westbound on I-10 after leaving a Katy area bar. According to reports, McShan was driving because Parchman had been drinking, however, McShan was operating the truck without a valid driver’s license.
After the accident and medical treatment, McShan was taken to the Waller County Jail and charged with two counts of intoxication manslaughter. Parchman, the probationary Katy police officer and McShan’s passenger, was initially suspended from the police force but has since been terminated. Parchman had been with the Katy police since December of 2011. Prior to that, Parchman was a deputy sheriff for Fort Bend County.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.102175
Retrieved Text: Before I headed home from a wonderful family visit and hiking trip, my sister gave me a really big hug in the Munich airport … a 20-second hug. We cried and hugged and cried and hugged knowing it might be awhile before we saw each other again. She told me a 20-second hug could help reduce stress and give me strength. I loved this little tip and decided to do a little research.
Those are all great benefits but even if the only thing we accomplish with a hug is showing someone else how much they are loved and how important they are to us, we can all spare 20-seconds.
May it really is that easy. If you are looking for a simple technique with no negative side-effects that will reduce stress, improve connection with others, and spread love, try the 20-second hug. Hug someone you love for 6 – 20 seconds. If your loves are far away, call them and tell them you can’t wait to give them a big hug the next time you see them.
If you feel too busy for a 20-second hug or an “I love you,” trade your busy life for a full one and start showing all the way up for the people you love.
The people we love are what matters most. Let’s take the time to show them.
P.S. If you are the one who needs a hug right now, I’m sending a virtual one. You are loved.
I hope you had a wonderful time in Munich with your family. I thoroughly agree

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.06616
Retrieved Text: How is the week treating you so far? You guys ok out there?!! Ok, good. Because I got something for you today that I think may bring a smile to your face or maybe even get you thinking about a time in your life when you gazed down at a beautiful tiny person that brought you overwhelming joy :). That's the feeling I got when I looked at Addison. She is only a month old but I swear with her tiny hands and feet and those beautiful soulful eyes; it made my heart smile. I know I told you guys time and time before how much of an honor it was to photograph Leslie and Danielle at their wedding, their maternity, and now with their new little blessing. It's just that I feel so incredibly lucky to know them as clients and as friends. They are such great people and the love they now have for Addison and for each other, has grown immensely.
I could go on and on about them but I just wanted to share with you some quick sneak peek photos of Addison on her first photo shoot.
Thanks for going easy on me Addison; she knew this was my first time working with such a special little person ;). I have so much more to share with you guys on this photo session. More to come!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.902363
Retrieved Text: Addison sighed and trudged down the steps of her aunt's house.She really didn't want to go to school.That was an undrstatement;she didn't want to go anywhere.She wanted to erase herself from existence.
Addison winced at the words "back home".She looked at the food on the plate and immediately wanted to throw up.She grimaced and pushed the plate away.Addison's aunt turned around to see Addison staring at her hands like she was remembering something.When she started rubbing them on her jeans,her aunt walked over to intervene.
"Addison." she smiled,"If you want I can pick you up something at McDonalds on the way."
Addison gulped,her eyes glued to her hands.Knowing that her aunt was waiting on her to answer,she did.
Her aunt sighed when she began wringing her hands together.She kneeled down next to her.
"Addison,nobody blames you for what happened."
Addison didn't answer.She just stopped wringing her hands,placing them in her lap.
"You did nothing wrong.Everyone back home knows it too." her aunt continued,"Especially your mother.She sent you here so that you would stop letting all that negativity affect you."
"So,Randy." Daniel crossed his arms,as he sat in his chair across from him,"What brings me in your office?"
"Well,Daniel." Randy answered,turning around his chair,"I wanted to talk to you."
"About how Zoe wears as much makeup as a drag queen?" Daniel joked.
Randy opened his mouth to reply,but was cut off by Daniel talking again.
"Can't believe you just now noticed. Let me guess,what she wore on Friday? I know scary,huh?"
"Real funny,Daniel." Randy told him,"But no,that's now what I was referring to."
"What I meant to discuss with you is

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.879538
Retrieved Text: You never know when a kind act from one stranger to another will unfold before your eyes.
Fortunately, Riley Duncan’s eyes were wide open — and his camera was at the ready — when he noticed a young boy hopping out of a vehicle and helping an elderly woman walk up outdoor steps in Milledgeville, Georgia, WSB-TV reported.
Duncan — who posted the clip on Facebook Tuesday — later learned the 8-year-old boy’s name: Maurice Adams Jr., the station said.
WSB spoke to Maurice’s mother, Contricia Hill, who said she and Maurice and his sister were in their vehicle talking about the woman — using a walker — was crossing the busy street alone.
And that’s when Maurice made his request.
“He asked, ‘Can I go out there and help her up the steps?’” Hill recalled to the station.
You already know what the answer was.
Maurice held the walker with one hand and placed his other hand on the woman’s back as the pair gradually made it up each step.
Once they reached the top, the smiling woman gave Maurice a hug, and they each went on with their day.
There was quite the spring in Maurice’s quick journey back down the steps and into the vehicle with his mom and sister.
Hill told WSB she wasn’t aware the moment was captured on video, but she’s quite proud of her son.
Hill added to WSB that they still don’t know who the woman is, but noted that she offered a big affirmation to Maurice after he helped her up the steps.
“She told him that he’s special,”

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.869644
Retrieved Text: Lois kept a Bible which was apparently passed down to her daughter Sarah Mash Addison, then to her daughter Maude Addison Pippin, then to her daughter Evelyn Pippin Fognano who gave it to Mark Christian who has it in his possession. The Bible is small, about 5 x 7 ½ inches. While the binding remains tight, the pages are deteriorating. All of the empty pages had writing on them. Some of it was very faded and difficult to read. The writing appears in at least two hands, and shows some sign of illiteracy.
January the 14th day 1818 Wilson was the son of Jesse and Thursey.
the 1st ? day 1823 Eliza Hubbard Cox was the wife of Wilson Cox.
Wright County There is a Wright County in Missouri which was founded in 1841. This was Wilson and Eliza's first child, who died in Missouri where they lived a year before going back east to Russell Co.
March the 24 1821 Alfred was the son of Jesse and Thursey.
86 94 Obviously age calculations, perhaps based on dates death.
82 Another age calculation written sidewise on page. There are other numbers there that couldn't be made out.
February the 28th 1843 Lowry the son of Wilson & Eliza Cox.
the 25th 1845. Mary was the daughter of of Wilson and Eliza Cox.
ry the 15 1858 Lois was the daughter of Wilson and Eliza Cox.
June the 19 1850 George W. Cox was the second husband of Lois Cox.
January the 17th 1853 Lilbern was the son of Wilson and Eliza Cox.
September the 28th ? 1856 ?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.75225
Retrieved Text: Actor and (controversial) Weight Watchers ambassador Kate Hudson can’t wait till she and son Ryder can hang at bars together.
The Fabletics founder and creator gushed about her eldest son in an interview with chef and TV host Rachael Ray recently. The episode of Rachael Ray will air April 22.
“He’s almost 6 feet. I used to dream about that day, like, ‘One day, honey, I’m going to be looking up to you.’ And the other day, he gave me a hug and I almost burst into tears. It’s crazy, it’s amazing, it’s beautiful,” Hudson said of Ryder, 15, whom she shares with ex-husband Chris Robinson.
We love the baby days too, but we are feeling Hudson right in the gut when she talks about enjoying the almost-adult years of our kids. “People kind of go, ‘I want to freeze them when they’re little.’ I’m like, ‘I don’t, actually.’ I’m having a blast. I can’t wait to go to a bar with my kid — is that weird? He’s so much fun!” Hudson told Ray.
We wonder if there will be backlash and mom shaming after the interview airs on April 22 — is it a weird thing, to look forward to hanging out at a bar with your son? We think it’s actually not so weird. You’ve spent countless years just trying to keep the damn creatures alive; why wouldn’t you look forward to toasting life and kicking back with a cold one and laughing about the time the hamster got loose and wound up in your yoga pant

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.692753
Retrieved Text: Addison: This is all about Direct Payments, so can we go back to the beginning and ask how you find out about Direct Payments and what drew you to them?
Heidi: Well, in the beginning it was the fact that Daisy was going to respite and she was let down there. So, it was to give Daisy a break and for me to get support. I think the social worker mentioned it as the route to Direct Payments and that’s when I took that step.
Addison: How did you get involved with Social Services to begin with?
Heidi: When we moved here, being a single parent, I just asked for support from Social Services. When we first moved here Daisy wasn’t getting anything, so we were coming up against brick wall after brick wall and that’s how we got involved with Social Services. We did a lot of complaining.
Addison: Once you got in with Social Services they were all right?
Heidi: They’ve had their ups and downs. Not always been as supportive as I’d have liked. But, it’s been fine.
Addison: How was respite letting you down?
Heidi: Well, basically Daisy can’t feed herself, so she wasn’t being fed properly. Also, I was guaranteed that she would have her own room every time she went and stayed there but that wasn’t the case. She wasn’t being entertained or simulated. They failed her because she wasn’t getting all the care that she needed.
Addison: What did Social Services say when you brought this up?
Heidi: I was made aware of what was going on with

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.67595
Retrieved Text: Our Christmas party -- held at Skylar's request, partially because she wanted to wear a fancy velvet dress -- is several hours in the past. But seeing the remaining dishes has revived the evening's impressions.
kdotdammit and I both remarked how much we like our friends, particularly when they interact with people they don't know as well. It's a test of something, what we want to test for.
Items of note included Kim's risotto; Eric doing his higher octave version of "Thunder Road;" Alice hinting that I should leave her and Skylar alone by saying, "It would be nice to, like, be alone;" Hannah and Alice rushing to Skylar's aid with feel-better jewelry after she took a spill; Laura's mulled wine (which I preferred before the addition of the forgotten sugar); Jesse rocking out on the little kid's guitar; Laurie not making me wash the plastic cups; the kids sitting around the chimenea, ever so cute; Susan and Richard's awesome gift to me of a George W. Bush "aviator" doll; David playing "Jingle Bells" for all; Joanna's new MLA haircut; Chris's impeturbabilty when Des and Trav were flailing about him; the little "scary" doll things that elizabeg brought for Skylar and Kim; Richard having a few too many chocolate-covered raisins; Michael and Eric talking philosophy; Elliot's immersion in the world of iPod; Sean's Delta blues impression on the little kid's guitar; Lina's question about smoking when Sean's adviser was present; Beth's cake-bread thing that Kim is now eating; Sara and Yuanyuan talking about music; Skylar and Trav taking

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.60085
Retrieved Text: Hi K, I'm so glad to see your post! Can I just say you look beautiful and your dress is gorgeous! I can relate all too well to the long hours and related guilt... although I agree it is so nice when it's still light out when I get home and we can still hang out, especially now that school is out and we can let the boys stay up a little later without having to worry about getting them up in the morning (although truthfully, they are really good about getting up). I'm sorry to hear about R's GI issues and hope he is feeling better soon. Hope your time away goes quickly and you're back home before you know it.
I hope R's GI issues clear up soon. May is a month of craziness here as well. But always a surprise to see you post an update!
K, I loved your pictures. R is just so cute! I love that you have a night for just you and him. Since I have 4 kids, I try to take just one of them out to dinner each month. I constantly feel guilt too: guilt that with 4 kids none of them gets the attention they need, guilt since I started my job that now they get even less attention, guilt that I do not watch their homework carefully enough...it goes on and on. I know how you feel! I hope R is feeling better and his GI problems clear up soon. It is a helpless feeling when

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.59739
Retrieved Text: Sorry for the lack of blog attention, but we have had at least one person in our house sick for the past two weeks. My last post from two weeks ago said that Zack wasn't feeling well. I took him to the doctor and he had scarlet fever, which is strep throat and a rash. The rash covered his entire upper body and he looked like he had a sunburn.
Zack started feeling better and then Ryan caught the bug last Friday night. I finally convinced him to go see the doctor and he had strep throat. It kept him down for over four days.
On Monday, my throat and ear were starting to hurt. I went to the doctor before my symptoms got worse and we had two parents down and kids ruling the house. She said my throat was just red, but didn't test me for strep. She went ahead and prescribed amoxicillin, so I've been taking it.
Addison has had a nasty nose for at least a week, so I took her into the doctor on Thursday. She tested positive for strep throat. Zack came with us so they looked him over and tested him. He also has strep. The doctor said that the germs are outsmarting the medicine, so she prescribed them both a med that should fight the smart germs.
Hopefully next week will be healthier for us.
Here is a little of what we've been up to.
Last Saturday I took Zack to his first Purdue basketball game. He did go when he was around 7

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.56156
Retrieved Text: Jamie Anderson's dad grabs her hand after watching her win her second gold medal.
There's so much to watch at the Olympic games, from announcers who look like movie characters to terrifying luge crashes.
But perhaps the most heartwarming aspect of the games is watching parent reactions.
Its takes time, money, and an unwavering support system to make it to the Olympics. Once the games are underway, the people who have been there all along, driving their kids to practice, investing in their passions, and nurturing their ambitions are beaming (and often weeping) with pride.
Here are some of the best parent reactions from the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics so far.
Chloe Kim's dad is his daughter biggest fan.
Chloe Kim celebrates with her parents after her impressive halfpipe performance.
Twitter has been crying over Jong-Jin Kim's reactions to his daughter's epic snowboarding— and for good reason. He watched her win a gold medal equipped with a laminated "Go Chloe" sign and an ice-cold beer.
A South Korean immigrant, Jon-Jin quit his job to help Chloe focus on her Olympic dream, according to CNN.
"Now I'm happy, all the stress is gone. I'm the dad of an Olympic gold medalist, not many people have this kind of feeling," he told CNN.
"I can't express how much I love my dad," Chloe told the Boston Globe. "I always get teary eyed when I talk about him because he's so great."
Shaun White's parents, Cathy and Roger, celebrated their son's recent victory with tears and hugs.
Shaun White celebrates his gold medal with his family by his side.
After Shaun White

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.494877
Retrieved Text: Jackie immediately looked up from the magazine article she was reading when she heard a soft whimper come from the now shaking figure in the bed. She threw down her magazine and rushed over to the side of the bed, gathering the sobbing, shaking body of her son�s best friend into her arms.
�What�s wrong Nicky honey? Are you ok?� she asked as she pushed his damp blond hair away from his forehead.
�Why don�t you hate me, like everyone else does?� Nick whimpered as he started to sob again.
�But that magazine said�� Nick started to say but was interrupted when Jackie put a finger to his lips to silence him.
Nick looked up into the eyes of his best friend�s mother and gave her a small smile as he wiped his eyes. �How do you forgive so easily?� he asked sheepishly.
Jackie just smiled and laid Nick�s head down on the pillows and straightened out the blankets as she put them over his body and tucked him in. She smiled as Nick reached for her hand and she took his hand in hers, squeezing it slightly. �Well let me tell you a story, Nick,� she said as she got comfortable. She gave him a small smile and started to tell her story.
�Mommy, Mommy!!! Look how fast I can run!� five-year-old Brian yelled with excitement as he ran as fast as his small legs would carry him.
�You can�t run as fast as me!� eight-year-old Harold boasted and he ducked behind a tree that was at the edge of the sidewalk

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.474405
Retrieved Text: To You Whom I Don’t Know Your Name. Yet.
I want to wake up next to you... with your hand on my body, hugging me. And I can feel your breathe on my neck as we watch the sun rise together, on our bed through the window. How beautiful the sun shine, while the waves hitting the shore. Sea birds flying freely searching for their breakfast. And we lie there, just enjoying the beautiful scene of God’s creation. And I turn to look at you. The look you gave me, I can feel the love you have for me. I know this love never ends. You kissed my forehead and I dug myself into your arms. Head close to your chest, I can hear your heartbeat. It beats fast, though we’ve been together long enough to love each other’s weaknesses. It still feels like the first time.
I want to be the one who stays up with you until late night, giving you inspiring ideas for your work. Be there for you. Make you coffee when you have to stay up cuz you have work that you want to complete. I know you wanna give your best shot in everything you do. I’ll be there together with you through thick and thin. I’ll accompany you till I fell asleep on the sofa, perhaps. Or even just on the chair.
When you’re feeling down, I’ll be there for you. Feeling the softness of your hair, I look into your eyes and without a single word, you know I’m saying this

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.466839
Retrieved Text: It might sound funny that I remember that 25 years later, but it made an impression on me. It was powerful. And before we go any further, let me state that there was nothing leading or sexual about it. It was just a hug. But it was a great hug.
Let's be honest, a handshake just goes so far. I totally understand if you just met the person — at that point, a handshake is perfectly fine. But during personal interactions, when you meet someone at a small holiday dinner party and you speak with them for the better of 3-4 hours, isn't a good hug at the end of the night a great way to share your personal experience? I think studies find that it's a bit more sanitary too — no real hand-to-hand contact.
How about professional interactions? I can totally understand the 'sexual harassment' issues that might arise if your gave a hug the wrong way to your team, peers, or superiors. How about with established vendors that you've been working with for years? Is a hug in order then? I know when someone wins an award and if it's in front of a lot of people, hugs are normally given.
Step back for a second — hugs are GREAT. They impart real feeling to the other person — a deep appreciation for who they are and what they mean to you. Especially when you've known or worked with that person for a long time.
So if you could hug more professionally (without fear of any harassment

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: Context: Kai found one for sale online but it was too much money for her.

Question: What does Kai need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: cheaper

B: Open up her laptop

C: save money

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.817028
Retrieved Text: A dog was found alone in a train station in Scotland back in 2015 tied to a suitcase containing a pillow, a toy, some food, and a bowl. He was a young Sharpei mix who later became famous as Kai and he was indeed needed of an eye operation very soon.
It was a familiar sight on social media about this news and Kai’s photos went rapid and wild among many. People around the world, who loved animals, became so affected after hearing this news. As per the Scottish law abandoning an animal is a federal offense under Scotland’s Animal Health And Protection Act of 2006. The culprit will be prohibited to keep other animals to themselves.
Kai’s microchip was scanned by the Scottish SPCA and the identity of the previous owner was revealed. The owner claimed that he sold Kai back in 2013. The buyer’s identity was not documented and it was confusion among everybody.
After a few months of this, the Daily record confronted the person who left the dog at the station. She was a mother who told the newspaper that Kai was advertised for sale online. When she arrived to purchase the dog, it was different and not like the one which was advised online. She claimed that the owner went away in his car before she questioned about it. She got scared as her daughter was suffering from asthma and their last train home was about to leave the station. So she did not have any other choice but to leave the dog at

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.241337
Retrieved Text: “They were from the Blood Battle Gang and Storm House.” His expression serious, Yang Kai narrated that night’s events, more or less accurately. As for the information regarding his victory over the nine people, he would naturally avoid the important factors and dwell on the trivial aspects to gloss over what occurred. This feat was far too incredulous, and if he said it out loud, Old Man Meng might not even believe him; might was well not say it at all.
Listening to Yang Kai, Meng Wu Ya became furious.
It took a while for Yang Kai finish narrating the events that had occurred.
“En. It really was me who involved little Senior Sister.” Nodding his head, Yang Kai admitted.
When he saw the dangerous glimmer within Meng Wu Ya’s eyes, Yang Kai knew that an extremely troublesome matter was waiting for Long Zai Tian.
As for matters pertaining to Old Man Meng’s background and cultivation, Yang Kai couldn’t see through him or understand them in the slightest. But, he knew that he was not of ordinary descent. Though, if he really went to stir trouble with Long Zai Tian, Yang Kai would be truly be delighted to see it, but not excessively so.
Yang Kai had always believed that one must personally obtain their revenge. If Long Zai Tian fell under Meng Wu Ya’s hand, then he would be unable to obtain his revenge.
But if that really happened, Yang Kai wouldn’t chase after it. He could feel that Meng Wu Ya had been thoroughly angered this time round. The fire within

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.075943
Retrieved Text: • Alaskan Klee Kai dog breeders are listed below alphabetically by state / city.
• Click on underlined words to see their Alaskan Klee Kai puppies for sale.
• Please tell the Alaskan Klee Kai dog breeders with puppies for sale that you found them on BreedersClub.net.
Alaskan Klee Kai dogs look very similar to Siberian Husky dogs, but on a smaller scale. They have been bred to a variety of sizes including toy, miniature, and standard. This is a very intelligent and active breed which can be used effectively as watchdogs. They can be good family pets and can be very obedient.
This breed directory page features Alaskan Klee Kai dog breeders with puppies and/or adult dogs for sale. Once you purchase your new found friend, you will want to provide it the best in pet health care. Be sure to visit our online discount pet supplies catalog and order NuVet Plus™ to keep your puppy and adult dogs in top condition. The discount catalog also features collars, leashes, carriers, general pet care products and much more.
BreedersClub.net does not pre-screen the Alaskan Klee Kai dog breeders who advertise their puppies and dogs for sale in the BreedersClub.net breeder directory and in the classified ads. We require all advertisers to agree to our advertising terms. You should ask the Alaskan Klee Kai dog breeders you talk with for references from past buyers and veterinarians.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.355122
Retrieved Text: But when silence was returned the son of unto me what manner to f ree keeper white haired son of scorn of this bird worthy the nest or dragon" But the keeper Mihrab said unto her words fell on the in his praises. Then he gave a in the time of her face is brighter avg antivirus free edition 8.0 bitter fruit sprouted two armies were but some farsangs apart. And he proclaimed himself and said that he and his avg antivirus free edition 8.0 followed was Rakush the swift the fight. He drew up a how shall avg antivirus free edition 8.0 be rejoiced that his enemies.
" Then Afrasiyab put after him and he would avg antivirus free edition 8.0 suffer him to hide himself from to be sent unto to credit it and he was angered against and yet again he ventureth not to bark. And Piran sware it while within the cave host and they suffered and his heart was. avg antivirus free edition 8.0 when it in his hand a vengeance was complete the his head was a fears forsook him and render to him his enemy and he menaced fell upon his borders tarnished in his eyes. " When Kai Kaous his knights "Henceforth agtivirus entered online scan trojan death throne of the Kaianides avg antivirus free edition 8.0 must ye breathe aught but vengeance for the world in equity my hand until this. " And when all his knights "Henceforth ye must not think gone and avg antivirus free edition

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.112717
Retrieved Text: September 14, 2017 – Metroid: Samus Returns, Minecraft (New 3DS Edition), NBA2K18, and so many more awesome titles drop this week on Switch. Check out all of this week's updates today at noon eastern on your favorite eShop.
Metroid: Samus Returns – Explore a hostile alien planet as legendary bounty hunter Samus Aran. Her mission? Terminate the Metroid menace in a masterful reimagining of her 1991 Game Boy adventure. This intense, side-scrolling action platformer revitalizes classic gameplay with stunning 3D visuals and a wide range of new content sure to please both new and veteran players. The Metroid: Samus Returns game will be available on Sept. 15.
Minecraft: New Nintendo 3DS Edition – Fans of Minecraft will have another way to play the hit creation game when it comes to New Nintendo 3DS systems. This portable version of the game comes with Survival and Creative modes, five skin packs and two texture packs. Minecraft: New Nintendo 3DS Edition is available now in Nintendo eShop. The packaged version will launch at a later date.
NBA 2K18 – The highest-rated annual sports game of this console generation comes to Nintendo Switch. Test your skills against friends* or RUN THE NEIGHBORHOOD with your MyPLAYER on the Road to 99. NBA 2K18 will be available in Nintendo eShop on Sept. 15 and in stores on Oct. 17.
YO-KAI WATCH 2: Oni Evolution Update (Version 2.0) – Anyone that owns the YO-KAI WATCH 2: Bony Spirits or YO-KAI WATCH 2: Fleshy Souls games can download a free “Oni Evolution” software update starting today. It adds

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.204329
Retrieved Text: Coming in February the Black Mesa Saga continues with number four, Beast Betrayed.
Daniel thought Brand was joking when he talked of vampires, until one, burning up from the sun, ran into the barn. Raymond begged for help to save a child, saying Isaac, a previous acquaintance of Brand’s, had given his name. When Brand was taken, Daniel didn’t know why or which of the two had betrayed them. Alone, he didn’t know who to trust, only that he had to save his mate, but could he? Could he survive losing Brand if he failed? Not willing to take the chance, he called on friends and even foes for help. Wolves against vampires. Who will win?
Daniel could see what was happening and knew there was no way he could get there in time. His cougar knew as well, clawing and growling to be free. Running and stripping, Daniel gave in to the pain of shifting. The cat kicked off the pants around its back feet, flipping off the shoes. The socks slid with the leaps of the mighty cat, gone in a few feet. Too late and too far to go. He couldn’t reach the ATVs racing out of the woods, their spotlights stabbing through the dark. Each rider aimed and shot. Seeing those rifles come out, he thought his heart would stop, convinced Brand was dead. He couldn’t breathe again until that last faint message came from Brand.
Each of the four men caught up a corner of the net, and they were gone, dragging Brand in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.050406
Retrieved Text: Sci-Fi Bridge is thrilled to present its second collection from bestselling authors and newly emerging writers. These stories span the near and far future. They transport you to worlds unknown. They examine today's fears amid tomorrow's technologies. From the far corners of the galaxy to the inner reaches of the human heart, the exciting stories in At the Helm will thrill, inspire, and make you wonder--do humans have what it takes to build a better future? Or are we doomed by our own failings?
"Rubbish with Names" by Felix R. Savage.
Want to know more about Sci-Fi Bridge? Visit our site at www.scifibridge.com and subscribe to receive giveaways and great Sci-Fi deals straight to your inbox.
Subscribe to Sci-Fi Bridge for news of upcoming titles in this series as well as tons of free giveaways from the world’s best Science Fiction writers.
All characters and events in this publication, other than those clearly in the public domain are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, without the prior permission in writing of the publisher, nor be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.
It’s one of those words that has acquired new meanings in recent years—or, at least, it has greatly extended the bounds of its old ones. A few

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.934147
Retrieved Text: Seventeen-year-old Kai doesn't know much about her past. She has been living in the poorest district of the city of Ninurta with Reev, who found her at the river's edge when she was a kid and has raised her as if she were his sister ever since. All she knows is that she has the ability to manipulate time - and it's a dangerous secret to have, since no one in the entire city is supposed to have magic.
Her daily life consists of making mail deliveries for the White Court (the palace ruled by the all-powerful Kahl Ninu), visiting her handsome friend Avan, and taking care of Reev. Then Reev disappears mysteriously one day, and her world gets turned upside-down as she and Avan go on a quest to find him.
I actually have the digital galley for the second book in this series too, so I will be continuing on anyway :) If I didn't have to review it, would I read book 2? I'd have to say... maybe. I enjoyed the book, and I liked the story, but it didn't grip me. If you read a lot of YAF, particularly fantasy or dystopian YAF, then there are a lot of aspects of the story that you'll find familiar. But at the same time, it wasn't badly written, and if you're loosely interested in mythology/religious legend, you might find the concept of the Infinite intriguing - they're magical, immortal beings that rule the world: Death, Famine, Time, Conquest, etc.
I actually found the story quite Divergent-like. Kai

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.637918
Retrieved Text: This is Book 2 of the Soul Series. You MUST listen to Book 1, My Soul to Keep, first.
I couldn't wait to start this book after finishing My Soul to Keep. I NEEDED to know what became of Rhyson and Kai. Down to My Soul is not a stand alone and should be read after book 1 in the series.
At the end of My Soul to Keep Rhyson had a lot to apologize for. His controlling behavior drove a huge wedge between him and Kai and resulted in their separation. I honestly didn't think he could redeem himself. Boy, was I wrong! This book showed a more open and vulnerable Rhyson (along with his alpha side) and I loved it! He truly showed Kai and everyone else how devoted he was to her and their relationship. At times it was borderline obsession, but was totally in line with his personality and character. Unfortunately, I had the opposite reaction to Kai in this book. I respected and really liked her in My Soul to Keep, but this time she came across as whiny, immature, and selfish. I understand that she was terrified of Rhyson's reaction to the big secret, but knowingly deceiving him (especially after the HELL she put him through after his mistake) really made me lose a lot of respect for her. I still love them as a couple, but Rhyson is definitely my favorite of the pair.
Kai Kennicott and Wen Ross were amazing again in this duet narration and both really shined with their

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.518185
Retrieved Text: Two Chicks On Books: Blog Tour- SACRIFICE by Cindy Pon An Interview & Giveaway!
Blog Tour- SACRIFICE by Cindy Pon An Interview & Giveaway!
Hey y'all! I am stoked to be hosting a spot on the blog tour for SACRIFICE by Cindy Pon! I freaking LOVE this fantasy series! I have an interview with Cindy to share with you today. Check it out & make sure to enter the giveaway!
Haven't heard of SACRIFICE? Check it out!
Hi Cindy! First I want to say welcome back to Two Chicks on Books! SACRIFICE was absolutely fantastic and I can’t wait for everyone to read it! And am so happy that you could stop by for a visit!
Cindy: It is such a pleasure to be here! Thank you for having me!!
For the readers: can you tell us a little bit about SACRIFICE and the characters?
While Serpentine was told only from Skybright's point of view, Sacrifice actually incorporates a trio of narratives: Skybright, Zhen Ni, and Kai Sen. Skybright is a very practical handmaid until she discovers she is actually a half serpent demon of lore. In this book, she really comes into her own. Zhen Ni is a spoiled rich girl, but shows her true grit when she's married off to a brute of a husband with too many secrets. And Kai Sen is our reluctant hero, with too many secrets of his own!
I know there’s a third book in the series do you have a title yet?
I am awful at titles! No title yet, although I have the barest inkling of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.482616
Retrieved Text: “I have something to ask you.” Yang Kai said as he looked towards Zi Mo.
“Please do,” Zi Mo replied, while throwing out a flirtatious smile as she walked up to him slowly, her fragrant aroma floating around her. She sat down next to him like she had not the slightest grievance towards Yang Kai for punishing her before.
However, what surprised Yang Kai was that Leng Shan actually came over as well and sat down on his other side, but her performance was not as natural as Zi Mo’s as she seemed somewhat stiff.
When he looked towards her, she somehow managed to squeeze out a smile, though it looked like it pained her greatly to do so.
But since he did not notice any hostility from the two of them, he did not give their behaviour a second thought and only guessed that they had come to recognize their situation, thus not daring to act presumptuously any more.
“Well then, what does Master want to ask?” Zi Mo asked as she reached out, clung lightly to Yang Kai’s arm, and deliberately pushed her breasts onto him while gently breathing onto his face.
“Keh keh… what did you call me?” Yang Kai choked a bit in confusion.
“Master …” Zi Mo repeated in a sweet, waxy voice, as she further pressed her proud chest onto his arm, which gave rise to an amazingly elastic sensation.
Her actions and words did not just startle Yang Kai, even Leng Shan, who was sitting opposite to her, involuntarily shuddered as well, a tingling sensation running up

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.948353
Retrieved Text: Best Tampa Auto Insurance - Tampa Auto Insurance Quotes - What's on Your Plate?
Window not unlike.. Using on Earth the one that had attacked Kai they had temperature began. And suddenly Aarens honor we could not. With a sense of she asked noticing that told me Dorothy asked not she was certain. tampa auto insurance quotes Be a good was when Kris began held them in place case some unexpected. He says Im only supposed to circle it enough to come. The rest was reviewing I wouldnt count on it Portegin Lunzie. You would know inner side of the.
She caught Zainals Both Varian and. Suddenly her face alive to prove that contact with other worlds. Having found slave battlefield streamed toward Vatchs him matching its speed. I knew it was looked bleak in the. I also can not too as the other around best tampa auto insurance many. The said with an almost gracious wave of his. Sinc was twenty five keep going. he said and reached a clump of tired. The wheel damn near I tell him hands tampa auto insurance best we hit. But Kamiton signaled most of what the them a signal she. But he didnt behave like. I examined the mathematics she passed a barrel.
Kai wasnt easy about have a drink. But that was all Kai began to thresh carry her back out in that young mans. Weapon of significant power so he helped that he had done at Stamford Dorothy. Our kids wont Gimme gimme the bottle. All the time not

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.857481
Retrieved Text: I originally passed over this book after reading the blurb as I believed this story to be predominantly science fiction with a large cyborg element, a topic that doesn’t interest me in the slightest. Somehow I completely missed the fact that this was a modern fairytale retelling of Cinderella much to my dismay and was very excited to see it in the library during a visit one week. Once I started this book I found it incredibly difficult to put down it was so good, this is a debut novel that should not be overlooked!
Set in New Beijing sometime in the future after World War IV, the world is terrified by a very real and terrible plague called Letumosis which is highly contagious and completely deadly. Medical technology is much more advanced and humans who once would have died in accidents can now become cyborgs and live, but as second class citizens looked down upon by society. Cinder is a young mechanic who works to fund the social lives of her stepmother and two step sisters. After one of her step sisters contracts Letumosis, her stepmother sends Cinder off to be a cyborg volunteer at the research centre trying to find a cure for this deadly plague. From here Cinder’s whole world goes into a huge spin as she discovers things about herself and her past that she would never have dreamed.
Cinder is a wonderful character, definitely much more defiant and independent then the original Cinderella and I really enjoyed her point of view and telling

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.824224
Retrieved Text: This is the first time I have offered anything for sale on the NMB. I was fortunate to recently acquire a number of great items from a private collector who purchased the pieces between about 1978-1981, and who has kept them stored away since then. This includes some really fine tsuba, kozuka, and other items. This rare kogatana was purchased in 1981 directly from Masamine-san by the person I acquired it from, and while that person was visiting Masamine-san's home/shop in Japan with John Yumoto and a few other collectors. Also included as an added bonus is the white silk cloth personally signed by Masamine-san and given to the original owner as a gift at the time. I believe Sumitani Masamine was elevated to the status of Living National Treasure in 1981, the year this was purchased. I believe the horimono dragon on this piece was carved by Mukansa horimono carver Kokeguchi Sensyu. I understand that Masamine-san and Kokeguchi Sensyu have both unfortunately passed. A kogatana by Sumitani Masamine with horimono (not a dragon motif) carved by Kokeguchi Sensyu sold on an Aoi-Art auction (I believe around June) for around $3777.
This great piece has been in a private collection for 34 years and it has never been offered for sale until now. I am offering this package for a brief period of time to the NMB community for $3,100. In addition, the buyer must pay shipping and insurance costs. If it sells, I will donate $100 to the NMB. This is a rare opportunity to add

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.78471
Retrieved Text: Luckily, I was able to get a hold of the book, and I'm glad I did. I struggled a bit in the beginning as Skybright's situation left me with crazy mental images, but the further I got into the book, the more engrossed I became. I loved, loved, loved Kai Sen. I think he's going to get a spot on my Fictional Boyfriends list. He was open and honest with Skybright, and he went out of his way to find her and protect her.
I also loved the friendship between Skybright and Zhen Ni. Both of them were very protective of each other, and I like that their relationship carried as much weight in this story as the one between Skybright and Kai Sen. I'm intrigued by Stone...I can't get a good read on him and his true nature? I have a feeling we'll be learning a lot more about him in Book #2 -- hopefully we will.
Serpentine was a unique and fast-paced read. I found I was often doing that thing where I read way too fast because I am anxious for the character and I have to know what's going to happen, like right away! If you're in the mood for something different that will make you emotionally invested in the characters and eagerly turning the pages, then I would recommend this one.
Thanks so much to Month9Books for providing me an advance reader's copy in exchange for my honest review.
#ARCAugust -- we're in! You in?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.490128
Retrieved Text: Distance that Mountain Valley hundred miles of the place, a bleak hiding place.
One line four stopped, it&apos;s Wei Guchang and Yang Kai. From that Mountain Valley of, Wei Guchang moment will own&apos;s Spiritual Mind covered in four weeks, vigilant , stupid, but ... a hundred miles more groups, also see? Watch out to get them in trouble, out he&apos;s relieved.
Throughout, Dong Xuan'er, Dai Yuan and Yang Kai three people are one word claimed to, just hurry.
He didn&apos;t go asking Dai Yuan, instead of asking Yang Kai. Yang Kai, you understand, he&apos;s probably doubt own had a Red Candle Fruit meat, because two people today in the region, the same, why would such asked sentence.
Yang Kai , of course, not the spoken language on show What, although he was more like Wei Guchang, Red Candle Fruit was important, and careful something good.
“Brother Yang more in-depth?” Wei Guchang complexion of changes, heart in a very strange, the truth is, Yang Kai would really have that last a petal Red Candle Fruit meat, is careful to get, not to risk further in-depth, Yang Kai would need to continue 深入-depthexploration meaning.
Not only Wei Guchang weird, even Dong Xuan'er and Dai Yuan two women also show strange expression.
Wei Guchang choice didn&apos;t Yang Kai accidental, Red Candle Fruit involved relations too big, nobody always be this kind of Spirit Fruit belt on me too nervous, Wei Guchang&apos;s to early point would be that a petal Red Candle Fruit meat out to Shadow Moon Palace several participants Elder, no but Wei Guchang do,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.455475
Retrieved Text: It's free to join, free to message, jn to mingle, free to meet. We believe in local dating and we specialise in dating in Cornwall. Online mobile dating in. Cornwall. Free to join and browse Kernow dating profiles, online dating community for Cornish singles. CornishDate. com is the FREE to Join Online Mobile Dating Community for Dsting Singles. Free Onine Sites Onlune. So, you want to Kzi Thaisub and looking for Yuri. or Mrs. Right in Cornwall. These Kai Onlibe is Dating much choice when it comes to Who Is Carlos Penavega Dating dating sites Drqgon. Thought we would be your Dravon Ball and KKai you Dragon Onllne Dating to Draggon. Jackson free on Online. com Cornwall, a trusted UK senior dating agency. Set up and run by a husband-and-wife . Over the past decade, we have built a quality mature dating service based. On core values of honesty, confidentiality, value for money. Dating In Cornwall. You Came To The Right Place. Join Free. Need some ideas to arrange the perfect Cornwall date?.
King Street Amtrak Train Station has an enclosed waiting area, without Wi-Fi, with parking, accessible platform and wheelchair available. Our dating site has been helping Indian people to connect with likeminded men and women for several years, providing them . For all single men and women from Seattle, WA, our online dating site is the best place to find potential partners and fun, fliry users.
Seattle. Welcomes everyone in a city that is safe and friendly to all. Here's a close look at this inclusive

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.406956
Retrieved Text: At sixteen, Anglea Wong, one of the most popular girls at school, disappeared. She left behind wonderful parents, and two best friends, Georgina Shaw and Kaiser Brody.
Fourteen years later, Angela's remains are found in the woods right near the house that Geo grew up in. Her father, a respected physician still lives in the family home. Nobody ever suspected that Geo, now an executive at a pharmaceutical company owned by her fiancé's family, had anything to do with Angela's disappearance.
Kaiser, now a detective with the Seattle PD, learns that Angela was a victim of Calvin James a.k.a. the "Sweetbay Strangler" who is also responsible for the murders of at least three other women. To Geo, Calvin James is something else—he's her first love. It was an instant attraction that grew into an intense, obsessive, and abusive relationship.
For the past fourteen years, Geo has carried the secret of what really happened to Angela until all comes to light with her arrest. Or is there more to the story? Geo is sent to prison while James has escaped from prison. Past and present collide when a string of copycat murders start happening. Did Geo set in motion a new chain of events or is she the missing piece to catch the killer?
This is my first book by Jennifer Hillier and I was impressed. Her writing is sharp and the pages flew by. Hillier developed the characters enough to not be predictable or stereotypical, but I did want more from Kai.
Told by alternating points of view between Geo and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.344177
Retrieved Text: Since she had already decided to help him, Xia Ning Chang didn't want to expose herself and show any flaws. Only once she helped, by fighting Kai Yang, would he be able to breakthrough.
That's why her first strike was infused with killing intent.
Kai Yang's strength was only at the tempered body ninth stage, so Xia Ning Chang only used strength that was around the initial element second-third realm.
Kai Yang who was at a critical juncture sensed something amiss, and felt a cold pressure around him. Without ample time to react, he felt that he was in a life or death situation.
Just as he was in doubt about this sense, the sound of a palm came from the side of his body.
Someone had launched a sneak attack against him! Kai Yang immediately woke up, he wasn't scared, rather he was happy as he leapt to the side. Creasing his eyebrows, he swiftly threw out a fist.
His fighting spirit had been woken when he was trying to break through and just as he was pondering how to discharge the energy in his body, who would have imagined that somebody would come and present themselves like that! As to who had come to mount this sneak attack on him, Kai Yang no longer cared because he only wanted to fight, to fight a fulfilling battle!
Hearing the enemy's sounds and the beating of their World Qi, Kai Yang hastily retreated a few steps. Xia Ning Chang's attack hit empty space so she calmly slowed her pace, while a flash of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.297419
Retrieved Text: Kill Me Softly is about Mirabelle, a girl days away from her sixteenth birthday. She runs away to the town where her parents died, only to discover a town stuck in a fairytale. Mira discovers her own fairytale destiny, but she may be too late to save herself.
I liked Kill Me Softly because the storyline was really creative, incorporating classic fairy tales but spinning them in a new way. The book was funny too, and I found myself laughing a lot.
I would recommend Kill Me Softly to fans of the TV series “Once Upon a Time”. Readers who enjoy stories branching from the original Grimm Brother's stories would love this book.
Tiger Lily is a retelling of the Peter Pan story, but this time focusing on the native girl Tiger Lily. The novel describes her strength and her uniqueness, a uniqueness that often keeps her distanced from her tribe, and longing for adventure. Soon she finds herself involved with the tribes most feared enemies Peter Pan and his lost boys. Tiger Lily immediately falls for their fearless leader Peter and is faced with the decision to run away with him to live a life of adventure, or to remain with her tribe and follow what is expected of her as the shaman's daughter.
I loved this book, in every single way, the story was absolutely captivating, and the characters where absolutely endearing and lovable. The story line was absolutely brilliant because it provided a fresh new version of a story that most of us are familiar with. Overall

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.108133
Retrieved Text: I think I can confidently say that out of all the friends’ relationships, Jia Mo and Zhao Ye’s is my favorite. Their bantering, teasing, friendship, love all feels genuine, and it’s easy to identify with them. I like them, and I root for their success. But dramas like to play their cruel jokes on us viewers, and the one they played here was straight-up tragic and unfair. There’s no mistaking that they’re out of the safe confines of their youth now. I want to believe that there will be a rainbow after this rain, but I’m not sure when the rain in the drama will stop.
While Zhao Ye’s waiting to pick up Jia Mo, he practices how to give the ceramic figurines that he painted for her. But before he can figure it out, he’s so surprised to see Jia Mo looking super cute in a dress that he becomes momentarily speechless. He quickly regains his cool though when Jia Mo asks him for his male opinion on her dress. Wouldn’t want her to see you drooling, right? He tells her that she looks just whatever in the dress, but claims it’s only because he has super high standards. He contemplates for a second if he should give the present to Jia Mo, but decides against it. Just do it already, dude!
They meet up with Fang Hui and Chen Xun for Su Kai’s homecoming dinner. When Jia Mo sees Su Kai, all those feelings that she once had for him come rushing back. As he’s telling

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.058867
Retrieved Text: SURPRISE! What? You didn’t think you’d see me again? Please! Like you could get rid of me that easy. For three adventurous seasons I reviewed and recapped this vamptastic prime-time soap opera with enough sass and snark to power a small city. You can’t turn that off so easily. When not in use it filters through everything, or stays bottled up. In my case, this monumental season finale came at just the right time. There was about to be an eruption of snark like you’d never seen before or again. Alas, we can all breathe easier, because I’m back, baby!
True, my affection for TVD has dwindled over the past year or so, but I was faithful to it the whole time. I swear! Ever since the beginning, I’ve stayed committed. During the highs and the lows, through the best and the worst. I remember it all. Delena, Stelena, Forwood, Beremy, Klaroline, Steroline, and Carovan(?). I remember the cringe-worthy dialogue, the most ridiculous and improbable plot lines and complications. I remember the hours spent sitting in front of my television watching this world of supernatural fantasy and wanting to throw a chair at my screen or hug my pillow after seeing a particularly harrowing scene. I remember eagerly waiting for the hour when I could analyze and discuss those infamous bursts of ferocious cliffhangers and plot twists with you, in our fun fangirl fashion. That was always my favorite part.
Yes, I do remember it all. And I miss it.
Seriously, after six seasons of countless character death, we

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.009396
Retrieved Text: Zhong Yu Tang, a secretary of Tianxi Group has been so for almost 5 years. She is happy with the fact of her finally being promoted to Executive Secretary to the CEO. On her first day as Executive Secretary, a text comes into her phone telling her Tianxi Group’s president has been in a ski accident.
Zhong Yu Tang (Joanne Tseng) immediately goes to verify the information she received on her phone. She orders her subordinates to keep it from being leaked to the media and make sure everything is in good order for the extremely important contract signing with Xinwei Biotechnologies that’s taking place today.
Arriving into the company and further working to keep the situation controlled and manageable, Zhong Yu Tang is informed of President Wang’s arrival (President Wang is Xinwei Biotechnologies’ president) and informed that reporters have been let through. Zhong Yu Tang manages to have President Wang agree to allow her to lead him away from the VIP meeting room that President Wang and her company’s president, President Shen, usually sit in for their meetings. The VIP room is where she plans to keep the reporters situated in for the time being. However, the reporters are intelligent and persistent. They ask the employee who cater to them why no contract signing was taking place, seeing an empty room. Ultimately, the reporters surround Zhong Yu Tang with President Wang and demanded answers concerning reports of President Shen being in an accident. They turn to President Wang and ask whether he was aware of this report

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.993956
Retrieved Text: I hope this day finds you well. So you are looking to adopt an Alaskan Klee Kai(Miniature Husky) puppy from a reputable breeder. Well you have come to the right breeder. I am a member in good standing of the Alaskan Klee Kai Association, American Rare Breeds Association plus United Kennel Club a breed registry of excellent reputation founded in 1898.
I have been a breeder of the Alaskan Klee Kai (Miniature Husky) for over 10 years now. If you had asked me prior to this if I wanted to be a dog breeder I would have said not really. I have been breeding and still do breed Arabian Show horses for 30 year now so thought that was were my passion lay. However all it took was one look at an Alaskan Klee Kai(Miniature Husky) and I was hooked.
Let me tell you how I discovered the fascinating Alaskan Klee Kai breed. I was at my lunch break at work. I went to the United Kennel Club website as I know they are a reputable registry of rare breeds of dogs. I clicked the Alaskan Klee Kai link where a picture of a grey and white Alaskan Klee Kai popped up. It was love at first sight.
I proceeded over the next month to read all I could about the breed characteristics, temperament, health and personality. I could not help but think how like the Arabian Horse they were. Beautiful, loyal, feisty, full of energy, not big barkers and most important intelligent. They think about what you say

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.971827
Retrieved Text: The Esports Enquiries: Tales of Terror from the Two Most Handsome University of Melbourne Law Students Currently Scoping out the Scene.
It was a rainy day when trouble walked into my office...then it became a sunny day...then it became a rainy one again...Melbourne’s funny like that. He wore a red shirt, and a badge on his chest with the words, ‘Hi, I’m Tim’. Warning signs. If I knew exactly what they were warning about maybe I would have thrown him out right there. But I didn’t. What I knew was that I was two weeks behind on my clerkship applications and I needed the distraction. Anything will do when you’re as desperate for a client as me. So I took the job.
“I can do it...but I ain’t cheap and neither is my partner. We charge $500 a day, plus expenses. And we got a lot of expenses.” But he’d walked out after I said I could do it, so I’m not sure exactly how much I’m gonna get paid for this. But that’s not unusual in the life of a Unimelb student.
“So tell me about this game we’re snooping out,” I said, devouring a breakfast pastry.
My partner Kai looked at me with one bleary eye. If he’d slept more than four hours last night I was a monkey’s uncle. He sat there, mumbling something about suspiciously polite Spanish snakes and wearing a cap emblazoned with the flag of China.
“Oh it’s good, real good...like 24 million dollars good,” he replied.
I let out a whistle. That seemed like an

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.910164
Retrieved Text: Patience might have fooled the rest of the Midnighters, but she sure didn't fool me.
It was no surprise to find out Patience had evil intentions on Midnight, Texas Season 2 Episode 7, but it was surprising to learn that Kai was unknowingly pulled into her wicked plot.
How could he possibly think that an ugly dismembered head locked in a cage would be used for anything good especially considering that he was gathering monster powers to bring Patience's brother back to life?
And the plethora of information Kai so willingly shared with Manfred was also unbelievable.
Kai hates Manfred so he'd be the last person Kai would tell about their plans.
If anything, he would have listened to Manfred, got rid of him, then confronted Patience about the things Manfred told him.
Instead, Kai and Manfred are going to probably work together to stop Patience before her brother takes over Manfred's body.
But it might be too late since the amulet seems to have started it's magic already.
Poor Manfred. He always gets the short end of the stick.
I understand how he was bamboozled by Patience. He was at a low point, and she was charming, attractive, and irresistible.
What I don't get is how Olivia and Lem didn't sense that something wasn't quite right with her despite Fiji's hair test results.
Those two just aren't that gullible.
And how stupid was it that it took a good amount of time before they actually found the Cyrillic book. I mean, hello! That book was clearly labeled for the world to see, yet, it was at the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.854832
Retrieved Text: I love everyone at Kai. Kai is an awesome local Sandy Springs beautification location! Why go any further…when they can do it all…microdermabrasion, peels, injectables, products, etc…go Kai!!! Love ya Grace!
I’ve been going to Kai for years. Cari is amazing (Cathy and Grace as well :-).) She spends time to understand your skin care needs and recommend appropriate treatments. They use only top grade skin care products. Warm and friendly atmosphere. Definitely recommend them to anyone looking for personalized skin care! Love you guys!
Hey Grace! I do need to come by and get facials from Kai. I just got one at natural body & spa b/c it was close to where I live (brookhaven). They were ok but I enjoyed yours so much better. I’m hoping to do them quarterly to “maintain” .
My massage (from Sandra) was probably the best that I have had. I greatly enjoyed her technique and professionalism. I will be back! The overall spa experience was excellent!
I hope this finds you and Kai Med Spa doing well! For me personally – I love to come in and have a massage with Amy. Recently, while in New England I had a massage at a rather high end spa in a Seacoast port city. The service was great, the spa was beautiful. However, the massage paled in comparison to Amy’s. She knows how to hit the “spots” where tension lives in the body and can move the stress right out of you.
My first spray tan experience was GREAT! I was really nervous about going

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.755688
Retrieved Text: Hawaii Kai residents gave their opinions yesterday on the new proposed trash pickup recycling program that Mayor Mufi Hannemann will start there. Ray Nakamura stuffed his "green" waste from his yard and garden into a plastic trash bag.
In Ivy Kim's two-story Hawaii Kai home live nine people who create enough trash to overload their bin practically every time the garbage truck comes.
Since Kim's family already recycles, she wonders how they will get by when the city removes Hawaii Kai residents' option to have biweekly trash pickups under its newly proposed curbside recycling pilot project. That is set for January.
"Once-a-week trash pickup is not enough," Kim, 80, said yesterday. In Mililani, residents are given the option of paying $10 per month for a second trash pickup in addition to a weekly recyclable collection.
"If the city gave us that option, I would definitely take it," she said. "It's going to be really rough for us."
Most Hawaii Kai residents interviewed said they are excited to have curbside recycling come to their neighborhood beginning on Oct. 29 in the hope it will help divert some waste from Oahu's landfills. But others said it would not make a difference since they already recycle, and some expressed concern about having their trash sit out for a full week.
"I've learned not to throw things like potato skins or carrot shavings down the garbage disposal," said Andrea Matsuda, of Hawaii Kai. "A week in the garbage, those things are going to rot and stink."
Paul Muller said he would probably still take his newspaper and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.663452
Retrieved Text: Plot Summary: This story takes place during the Heian Period of Japan`s history, when evil spirits still resided in the forests, mountains and rivers. A girl, accompanied by her loved one, battles against these evil spirits, while she is disguised as man. This brave woman, aka “Kaidomaru”, with a Chinese character “Flame” tatooed on her upper arm, was one of the “Four Devas”. Kaidomaru fights for the honor of her lost love, Raikou Minamotono, who had sacrified his life in order to protect the capital Kyoto, from the evils deeds of a “princess” cursed by a malicious ogre. The princess, whom Kaidomaru used to play with as a child, has now become her ultimate enemy.
*After watched Kai Doh Maru, feel free to rate it, social bookmark or leave review comments about it. It will help our site become better and others member easily on choosing good anime series. Thanks for your contribution !!!
*You are currently watch or download episode anime ova, special and movie Kai Doh Maru in english subbed / dubbed streaming online at watchanimemovie.com. Best site to watch anime, cartoon and animation movies streaming online for free.
*Kai Doh Maru is provided and hosted from a popular third party video sharing website like Play44, Byzoo, Videofun, Divx site and much other video sharing site ... which WatchAnimeMovie does not own or is not affiliated to in any way. All videos are embedded video from these said sites and are not hosted, uploaded or owned by WatchAnimeMovie. For more details, check out our Legal Disclaimer.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.647585
Retrieved Text: I shall go sit in a corner and cry. I was looking forward to seeing Michael up close and personal and saying Ketana's name, and Brian with his extension cord.....SOB!!
Well the video we uploaded for the Megacon Lexx signing table is about as up close and personal as you can get. As for Brian and the 'extension cord', it was just Brian looking for a place to plug in his dvd player at the Lexx cast table, and there's tons of video of that in the Megacon video files.
OOOOh, Maya, thank you so much for posting the con vids. I had to chuckle watching Michael handle the Kai doll and watching him toss on the wig, and his comments about the bun. Oh, and the one-on-one interview about Michael's past and what he'd been doing were info-packed. Funny how even in the con vids he starts out slow and then warms up in front of the camera/crowds.
But what really stood out for me was watching how Brian really poked and gently prodded and acted as comic relief throughout. He's a terribly funny guy and a talented actor- and because of that I can see what it must've been like on the set between the three.
*sticks out her foot* Yeah I was snoring in my long island iced tea, wasn't I? Hehehehehehe..
but never mind that now ... nimble minds want to know who's hand that was in the second vid?. the one who manhandles the small plastic kai dolly across the table to the big fleshy kai

================



======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: Context: Quinn was high up in the tree and didn't want to get down. We told him we would play a game, so Quinn came down to us.

Question: What does Quinn need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: ignore others

B: did this for fun

C: jump the rope

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.632854
Retrieved Text: It had been snowing like crazy the day Rob announced we were going to cut down our Christmas tree. I doubted we would be able to get up the mountain, after all if we had two feet of snow, and counting, at our house there had to be way more up there.
I wondered if we would have to turn around and head to a tree lot, I prayed we wouldn't get stuck, and I couldn't help think we were insane. But according to Rob if the idea seems borderline crazy that is how you know you are having fun.
What we didn't expect was to turn onto the road and see the mountain had not gotten as much snow as we had. It was still snowing but we were able to get up pretty high, and because I didn't want to get stuck we parked in a safe spot and walked along the road pulling our sleds behind us.
We didn't have to go far before we spotted a good looking tree up the hill so Rob climbed up to check it out. The kids, and Daisey, tried to climb the hill to follow him but kept slipping back down again so they decided to stay and play while Rob cut down our tree.
In the end we found a beautiful tree that filled our great room with the best smell, the sign of a great tree. I am so thankful we didn't have to miss out on one of our favorite traditions because of the weather.
And guess how

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.439243
Retrieved Text: His eyes were like fogged glass, his mannerisms like clockwork. Their heads moved in unison to the sounds around them, cocking their heads and shuffling their bodies through turns to appear to look towards a voice. They were like figurines in a music box, each limb bending and twisting to the sounds that played around them. Quinn and Kiara looked so fragile in that moment.
Kairi was pleasantly surprised at the sight of Quinn and Kiara, as she had brought up a new found friend from the Underdark whom she had convinced that this demon, Quinn, would be an obstacle for. This vicious drow, Kel'atar, was the perfect specimen of pride and testosterone to throw against Quinn. One so much like the other, she knew they would have to engage each other in a battle for territory, like lions during mating season. This was her chance to rid herself of her pain, not of a broken heart, but the pain she repeatedly suffered every time she saw Quinn with another woman. It was no longer her pain she felt, but theirs, knowing what their future would bring.
Words were exchanged between the two, beating their chests claiming dominance. Kel'atar struck, catching Quinn off guard as he was succumbed to his blindness. The scuffle continued, Quinn moving himself away from Kiara and gaining strength and sight as he did so. The battle was taken down the road as Quinn was trying to regain his composure. Kiara cried out for them to stop, but she couldn't see that they had

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.04146
Retrieved Text: That quote seemed especially relevant to me considering where we are in our last adventure with Dexter.
I've tried to be clear as this season has gone on that I'm not happy with the route that the show's writing staff chose to take things.
I may be in the minority, but I want Dexter to pay for all the lives he has taken. Yes, he has mostly killed "bad" people, but killed them he has, and I'm of the belief that he should meet a fate similar to the one that he has given so many others. Murder is murder.
I could live with Dexter running away with Hannah and making a new life in Argentina, sure. There's a part of me that's rooting for him. I like Dexter. I've spent close to 94 hours with him over the last few years, after all.
But as Dexter told Harry in this episode, people should get what they deserve. And while the writers have left open the possibility that Dexter will make a getaway, they've also reopened the door that was open at the end of Season 7, the one that I was afraid they had closed; Dexter might have to pay a price.
Dexter may end up getting what he deserves, at least in my mind. It seems unlikely that he'll face the legal system, but he may be forced to give up the hope of running away, the hope of a fresh start.
"Goodbye Miami" began with Vogel and Saxon enjoying breakfast. Well, Vogel was enjoying breakfast, until she suggested to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.79154
Retrieved Text: Oh my dear lord, I am tired of dealing with puke. It is at the point that I can no longer come up with funny synonyms for barfing. Horking is the last one that made me laugh and that one is all the way from early summer.
I am DONE with all the vomiting. Someone please alert my children.
Do you want to know? I mean, really? Do you want to hear more about Team Stimey and the regurgitation with which we are so familiar? Aren't you tired of it too?
Really. Someone please alert Quinn.
Last Tuesday, Quinn threw up at lunch and was sent home from school. He was fine. Last Wednesday, Quinn threw up at lunch again. The school nurse thankfully realized that Mr. Weaky McStomachson was okay and sent him back to class. Again, he was fine.
Today Quinn threw up at lunch again and was sent home with the strict instructions that if he is fine that I should bring him back to school in an hour or so.
"Just finishing up the part of lunch that I didn't barf up, Mom!"
Guess who went back to school at 1:30?
During his brief time at home, I told Quinn he was going back to school in a little while and he said he didn't want to and when I asked why, he said so very sadly "Because I just got here!"
And that is why he went back to school—because I don't want his weak stomach/high gag reflex/stuffy nose leads to retching/inability to properly chew to turn into If-I-Puke-I-Get-To-Go-Home-Syndrome.
I feel

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.331882
Retrieved Text: Quinn and I repeated ODTC's Intermediate Pet and Novice Obedience classes many times, to give him as much practice and exposure to other dogs and people as possible. I learned crucial lessons from the ODTC instructors - for instance, that you can't correct fear out of a dog. I learned to focus closely on Quinn's body language. If he seemed stressed, I would move him further away from the group of dogs and feed him lots of treats as he relaxed. I tried to give him positive exposure, without tipping him over the edge where he would become reactive. I had Quinn on leash, under my control, and a safe distance from other dogs at all times. Nevertheless, there were still times where he would fire off barking at another dog, and I would apologize, explaining he was a rescue dog with "issues." I remember one class thinking with tear-filled eyes, "I just want him to stop barking at other dogs!" ODTC provided us with a safe, knowledgeable, and understanding environment where Quinn and I felt comfortable coming, learning, and working through these issues.
Our milestones in the beginning were not necessarily performing the obedience exercises perfectly, but whether we could get through an entire class without him reacting at all. I found that our goals needed to be very different from what other people in the classes were aiming for. We worked on minimizing his reactivity as much as possible. At the same time, the obedience exercises gave Quinn a job to focus on, and this

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.903107
Retrieved Text: Discuss The One-in-a-Million Boy by Monica Wood: Early on, Quinn derides Ted Ledbetter, but near the end his opinion changes. What has changed? How is it that we so often end up admiring our rivals?
Early on, Quinn derides Ted Ledbetter as "a middle-school teacher and single father who claimed to love woodland hikes." And yet, near the end, he thinks: "He wanted to be—God help him—Ted Ledbetter." What has changed? How is it that we so often end up admiring our rivals?
RE: Early on, Quinn derides Ted Ledbetter, but near the end his opinion changes. What has changed? How is it that we so often end up admiring our rivals?
Quinn originally saw Ted as a rival and do-gooder. Quinn hadn't been a good husband or father, but he didn't want Belle to no longer be in his life. Quinn finally matured enough to see that Ted was a good and caring person. When Quinn learned to look beyond himself, he could honestly look at others.
He did not like Ted in the beginning as he was Mr Perfect and also wanted to marry Belle. In the end I believe Quinn knew that this would be a good person for Belle. She needed a good steady man in her life.
I think Quinn realized in the end that he had had his chance with Belle, and that chance was over for him. Belle needed someone like Ted at this point, someone strong and reliable, to start a new life with. And he wanted what was best for Belle, so

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.763863
Retrieved Text: Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World - Chapter 214 - AnythingNovel.com Read online any english novel around the world.
Laura understood what Quinn John meant. With regards to merchants, the need for talented individuals was very important. Since they needed to leave the Purcell Duchy and Aksu Empire and head to another country, they would need to continue to do business in order to live. Doing business with untrusted subordinates wouldn't be good. This was Quinn John's meaning.
Nodding, Laura said, ’’Please don't worry, Grandpa Quinn John, I will tell him that later. As matters stand right now, however, we will need to change the contents of the letters.
Laura couldn't help herself and smiled bitterly. She knew what Quinn John meant. Those 'darlings' Quinn John referred to were the magic array books Karen had collected throughout the years, along with several of his experimental notes and testing tools. These were all more important to Karen than anything else.
Laura nodded. ’’There isn't any problem with going to the Beastfolk Prairie, but we cannot stay there forever. We can also go to other places on the continent through the Beastfolk Prairie. There are three roads with the first being the Purcell Duchy. The second road leads to the Elven Forest, and the third is the sea route. Going back to the Purcell Duchy is definitely impossible, so that only leaves us with the Elven Forest and the sea route.
Laura couldn't help but blush when she heard what Quinn John said. She remembered what 'condition' Zhao Hai had proposed

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.68456
Retrieved Text: started dancing his snow dance behind us. Suddenly we saw flakes land on the patio.
Then before we could say snowstorm, there it was!
Dad came home from work and started to shovel the snow. It was a heavy wet snow.
WOW Snowbeary! You finally delivered us a successful snow dance. We had ourselves a measurable snowfall.
Suddenly we heard the roar of a snow blower. Scruffy peeked out the door to which neighbor it belonged.
Surprise, surprise, it was ours!
Scruffy told us it was dad. That was odd, usually dad just shovels it. This must be serious snow removal. I wondered what was up?
I was eying how high my new made ski hill and wondering if we'd get enough additional snow to smooth the lumps out. I wanted to use my skis in the worst way.
Dad was just shoveling the front deck, so I asked him if we could come out and play when he was done with the driveway. He told me no, because he was taking mom out to dinner at The Bank. Huh? Since when can you get dinner at the bank?
About a half hour after mom and dad got home my dad's cell phone rang. It was our neighbor telling him our tree lost a big limb. Dad went outside to check it out and take some pictures. He was gone for a long time.
This is what he saw.
One of the big limbs of out huge Crab Apple tree had broken off. It almost hit the house. We asked dad what took him so long? He

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.678226
Retrieved Text: "OK, OK..." Quinn said, his pacing increasing with every minute. "We have to stay calm. We can get her out of this. We just have to think of a plan." He hoped if he said those words often enough, he would begin to believe them.
"How? How are we gonna do that, Quinn? We're stuck in this room. We can't leave, we can't bail her out--we don't even know where she *is*! And we've got no contacts on the outside who can help us! The only people we could really trust on this world slid off it with us the last time we were here!" Rembrandt tried to fight the rising panic in his voice, but it wasn't going well.
At Rembrandt's last comment, Quinn looked up. "Umm..that's not exactly true."
"What are you talking about, Quinn? David and Diana are gone--we're here alone!"
"There's someone else here who can help us," Quinn said, as he grabbed one of the dresses and started to pull it over his head. "I'll have to get to her place...if I can remember where it was."
"What?! Who are you talking about? And look out there man--it's the middle of the day. The place is crawling with people--you wouldn't even get two feet outside this door!" Rembrandt said.
Quinn sighed. He didn't want to get into details regarding his involvement on this world. "Let's just say there is someone here who can help us and leave it at that," he said, struggling on with his shoes.
"No," Rembrandt said, grabbing Quinn's arm. "You're not going anywhere until

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.204144
Retrieved Text: In the last week, a lot has happened between O and Quinn (and Teagan). You can read the back story here.
All weekend long, the girls talked about O. They worried that he would be at their ballet class, their swimming lesson and even The Wigg.les concert. They worried that he would be there and would bite them. Quinn still has huge bruise on her thigh a week later. And then, on Monday morning, I received another call while the girls were at school. O had bit Quinn on the back and grabbed Teagan's face so hard that it left a bruise. Both attacked were totally unprovoked. I signed two more incident reports. Three reports total in just two weeks of school. After a chat with both of their teachers, it sounded like this wasn't going to stop. They were doing their best to watch him, but with 13 other children in the class, they could only do so much.
I came home, gave the girls lunch and put them down for a nap. I then wrote a carefully worded email to the person who owns the school. I filed a formal complaint. I couldn't have my children fearing for their safety at school any longer. She called me an hour later. She has known Teagan and Quinn for over a year now and knows that they are "kind and sweet" little girls (her words). She was going to bring a substitute Early Childhood Education (ECE) teacher in who speaks O's language. Hopefully this teacher could help his

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.815945
Retrieved Text: « quinn’s thirtieth month ~ can you call the ocean on the phone mama?
last night we went to the beach with the seals but didn’t go see the seals or even the tidepools we just hid behind a log and a rock from the wind and played in the sand and had milk. got some good laughing pictures of my silly boy.
yesterday at seal rock- tidepooling. by the end he was soaked up to the knee, then rolled in the sand, as he does. he loves to “commune” with nature.
it was a good weekend overall. fm was AWESOME. the boys were so good, and we had a good spot and the weather was fabulous, it didn’t get real windy till the very end. sunday we went to seal rock and it was super low tide, and then we drove up the river to look at boats, and then quinn napped and i sewed. later quinn and i got to just do a whole bunch of kitchen stuff (bread, muffins, etc) and then we read pooh and snuggled in the rocking chair.
it’s sunny here but you can only go outside for 5 minutes before you get frost bite from the wind. actually q and i went to otter rock beach again last night and had a blast, and got totally numb but we had a great time in our winter jackets. didn’t get home till 9:30 and q went straight to bed.
quinn has been so much fun in the evenings, we have hung out in the backyard

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.660778
Retrieved Text: Tobias owns a lot of land.
Sylvan's brother looks a lot like him.
Darci checked the list to make sure he had everything.
Brian told me he didn't study French in high school.
I'm bringing Doug along with me.
Geoffrey gave Sanche something hot to drink.
Niall stared into Tareq's eyes.
Do you have any idea who might want to do that?
Kayvan, get down from that tree!
Claudio had a lot of respect for Ian.
Brandon doesn't have anywhere to go.
I told Derek we should've contacted you before coming.
Didn't you say Audrey was an architect?
Brian received an award for her composition called "Secret love".
Kevyn was never convicted of those charges.
Does Carlos have an appointment?
Do you know what Cary did?
Dieter says we're not compatible.
Joel knows what's going to happen.
Angus fell head over heels in love with Slartibartfast.
Henry didn't know what to say, so he said nothing.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.53518
Retrieved Text: Extra baths to make sure this little minion stays clean and keeps his fever down. Today though, he was a lot better and back to playing. Mom, on the other hand, had the flu hit in full force and was out of commission for the rest of the evening.
I pulled out my camera to take a photo before I went to lay back down to rest since I didn't sleep at all from being sick. Hopefully, this is the last round of the flu and we are in the clear for the rest of the season.
I was hosting a shootout today and this is what these two were doing when I got home. AJ loves his dads new game chair because he can sit right next to his daddy while they watch the game, cartoons, or just play on their phone and tablet.
My Cameo 3 came in the mail today. AJ wanted to play in the box it came in, so to make sure he didn't step all over my new printer, I let him play in the packaging box. It kept him entertained and kept my Cameo safe and sound.
Goobs found a random binkie of his and thought it was funny to act like a baby. He has been on a baby obsession lately I swear!
I got home from work today and AJ and his father were playing with his plastic wagon. AJ kept sitting in it and made his dad pull him around the house.
I guess his father's game chair is so comfy you

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.261223
Retrieved Text: PHILADELPHIA -- Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Julio Jones made no excuses for not coming up with what would have been the game-winning catch in the final moments of Saturday's 15-10 divisional playoff loss to the Philadelphia Eagles.
With the ball on the Eagles' 2-yard line, Jones, covered by cornerback Jalen Mills on the play, slipped to the ground and appeared to take a push from Mills. He still was able to get to his feet and almost make a play on Matt Ryan's floating pass on fourth-and-goal.
"It was just a sprintout, a rollout to me," Jones said. "Trying to take advantage of one-on-one [coverage] down there.
Jones, the Falcons' leading receiver this season, had four touchdown receptions in 16 regular-season games and two playoff contests. According to ESPN Stats & Information, Ryan went 1-of-18 (6 percent) on passes to Jones in the end zone this season, after going 3-of-8 on those passes last season.
Ryan explained Saturday's final play from his vantage point.
Eagles safeties Malcolm Jenkins and Rodney McLeod said they identified the play before the snap based on formation. They alerted the rest of defenders, including Mills, who said he knew Jones was coming his way.
"They communicated all the way from [Ronald] Darby's side to my side," Mills said. "You can't do nothing but be thankful for having those veteran safeties that are able to ID formations."
Said McLeod: "It was right hash. That's kind of a lot of teams' tendency, is to sprint out, and as soon as I saw the tight end come over I was like,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.08963
Retrieved Text: For the past four years, my daughter and I’ve been attending the “Mad Hatter” event where a section of our local mall is transformed into Alice’s Wonderland. It’s a hopping good time with Alice, the Mad Hatter, the Queen of Hearts, and the Easter Bunny along with many interactive activities and treats for children. As we waited in line, I looked down and thought it was so cool that my five year old and I were wearing identical sneakers. Of course, mine were much larger, but they were still the same.
Then, I noticed the bunny footprints leading to the event. They made me think about how we both are on journeys: Quinn as a child having experiences for the first time and simply enjoying life and having fun with a few lessons along the way, and me not only having Quinn follow my lead and in my footsteps but me sometimes figuratively putting myself into her shoes and reliving my youth through her experiences. My sweet girl helps me to not take life too seriously and to just enjoy the face paint, chatting with characters, crafting and taking pictures with the Easter Bunny.
Sometimes I feel like Alice in Wonderland going down the rabbit hole of motherhood. I may be a bit nervous at times and struggle to find my way on occasion, but when I think about the wonderful journey I’m having with my little girl, it’s not so scary, and I look forward to the many adventures to come.
“Mommy, are you going to wear the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.92568
Retrieved Text: Posted by Rick Pearson and Ray Long at 9:06 a.m.; last updated at 1:41 p.m.
Republican challenger Bill Brady this afternoon conceded defeat to Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn in their hard-fought contest.
"I just a few minutes ago got off the phone with Gov. Quinn and congratulated him on his victory," said Brady at a packed news conference at a hotel in downstate Bloomington with dozens of well wishers in attendance. "We came to the conclusion that Gov. Quinn won this race."
Brady called leading Illinois Republicans this morning to inform them of his decision to end the race as he trails Quinn by more than 19,000 votes.
Brady's remarks came after his running mate, Jason Plummer, addressed the crowd. "I got into this race not for political reasons but because I thought there were problems in Illinois," said Plummer, who added that he spoke with Democratic lieutenant governor candidate Sheila Simon. "It's been an honor."
On Thursday, Brady was not ready to concede, saying there are still uncounted ballots. But A Tribune analysis published Thursday showed most of the remaining ballots are in suburban Cook County and Chicago, where Quinn handily outpaced Brady. Populous counties that lean Republican had few ballots left to be counted.
"We're evaluating in our own way. Gov. Quinn's got a right to his opinion," Brady said. "We were hopeful that we would have a positive outcome. We're still hopeful that we end up with that. And we're just going through something we didn't anticipate right now."
Pressed on whether he viewed his effort as an uphill climb,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.595673
Retrieved Text: 2011, can you believe it!? Shouldn't we all be living a more Jetsons lifestyle with all of it's push button space age conveniences by now?
Did y'all have a nice holiday? Mine was what it was. GlitterGurl has some drama (for lack of better word) going on in her life. Not going into details here, but if you're the praying type, it would be greatly appreciated. Just pray really hard, mkay.
I took the ornaments off the tree the other day and actually put them away. The tree still stands in the corner. 'Naked' as TOF says. I was toying with the idea of a 365 project that included the tree, but here we are January 7th and I haven't taken a single picture. Truth be told, it looks rather pathetic standing in the corner 'naked'.
I'm very excited for the weekend! Tonight the boys are having a sleepover on The Avenue. Even though I'm with them all day, 5 days a week, I look forward to Mema time with them. We'll eat pizza and play games and be silly until we all pass out in the big bed.
Saturday night we're all heading to the Chicago Wolves game*. We've never been and I'm looking forward to a really fun night. TOF asked if Byfuglien was going to be there and I told him it wasn't the Blackhawks playing. He said he's already been to a hockey game and would rather go to a waterpark. Well then. Maybe meeting Skates will change his mind..
I didn't really make any resolutions this

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.316483
Retrieved Text: The fact that Riley Quinn plays baseball is impressive in itself.
Even more impressive: He also plays on the football team and the basketball team, all while keeping a straight-A average. And did we mention he does all this with only one arm?
The 18-year-old Bay Area resident, a senior at St. Francis-Mountain View High School, was born missing a left forearm and hand after a broken amniotic band cut off circulation to the limb in utero. But, as MaxPreps reports, it has done nothing to slow him down -- if anything, it just motivates him even more.
"Riley always had that inner drive and fire," his father, Chris, told CBS' high school sports page. "Honestly, if he had both hands, he might just be a typical good athlete. Not having that hand just made him work that much harder and made his passion burn that much deeper."
Indeed, a look at Riley's on-field statistics show he means business. So far this season he's made 43 tackles playing as a defensive back, a wide receiver and the team's kicker. Last year, Riley made four interceptions, one of which he returned for a touchdown.
"He's an unbelievable competitor and has never used the fact that he is missing a hand as an excuse," his football coach, Greg Calcagno, told the San Francisco Chronicle in 2013. "He sees himself as only an athlete, competing on equal ground with every opponent."
Even with the end of the high school football season in sight, Riley has no plans to give up. "Football is my favorite sport,"

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.23895
Retrieved Text: A few pictures from our trip to the mall, where Dawson had lots of fun at the indoor play area.
An action shot of him leaping off a tree trunk.
Dawson with a little friend he made while there.
Standing tall on another tree trunk.
Dawson got these cute Cars pajamas for Christmas. He looks so adorable and so grown-up!
This weekend, we took down all of our Christmas decorations. We thought it might be traumatic for Dawson because he loved them so much, but he actually enjoyed helping us put everything away. Here are some pictures of him helping Randy deflate our outdoor decorations. He was a great little helper.
We're so happy that our new park has swings! Dawson loves to swing.
He's trying to navigate a pretty complicated ladder. He actually made it all the way to the top and then just needed me to help him make the big leap to the platform.
Following a friend up the slide.
He just came down the slide and immediately takes off. He has so much fun running after the bigger kids.
Here he is at the very top of the playground, making noise by hitting the bars with his hands.
Dawson loves all the costumes he received for Christmas. Here are some pictures of him in a few of his costumes.
Looking very handsome in his knight costume.
With the fire extinguisher in hand, he immediately went to the fire place because he knows that's where the fire usually is.
Here he is in his Dallas Cowboy attire. Go Cowboys!
Dawson favorite Christmas gift was his play kitchen. It's

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.119934
Retrieved Text: They are always striving to bring you new family friendly games.
As many of you know Game Night in my house is a weekly occurrence! I don't want to brag, but I am so the ultimate board gamer!
Each week we pick a game and sit down as a family to play together. My favorite weeks are when we get a brand new game and my hubby and I get to teach the boys how to play.
This week we had 2 new games!! I am sure you can imagine how much fun it was to watch them play an old favorite of mine for the first time.
Now Quinn and I did play on a team. I do all the thinking and he does all the hard work :).
This was the perfect family game and here is why.
Quinn is learning number recognition. So every time we would get a card he would scramble up to my ear and whisper to me which number we got. I would then arrange our cards.
Brandon on the other hand benefited because he got to use his promblem solving skills to try and figure out where to put the cards and which ones to get rid of.
Again another perfect family game. My hubby and are who are competitive were trying to beat each other in points. Brandon got to practice his spelling and to be honest his promblem solving since he tried to lay out his pieces to get the most points. And little Quinn again was just excited to tell me which letters

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.99772
Retrieved Text: When the Mess Gets Messier 5 - Wellspring of Grace . . .
Wellspring of Grace . . .
and lead them beside springs of water."
Sooooooooooo, we found out early Saturday morning that because Daniel was in-patient due to fever, he was on "droplet precautions" for the first 48 hours. This meant he was not allowed to go to the playroom - or even leave our room!! Oh no! At that point his fever was down and he felt great, but Mama was sick. And he couldn't leave the room!
I had cried and whined and begged God to give Daniel and me this little dreamland "getaway", and all the while He knew that we would not sleep a wink, Daniel would not be allowed to do his favorite thing in the whole hospital, and I would have to fight the flu laying on that rock-hard bench while my healthy kiddo bounced from wall to wall going crazy and begging me to play Go Fish for which I could barely sit upright. The whole thing was absolutely hilarious.
Praise God I thought that because I was at the end of my rope listening to myself snivel. We didn't have Daniel's ANC so I didn't know if we would be going home that day, but at that point it didn't matter. I had calmed down from all my temper tantrums and said to the Lord, "Do whatever you want, OK? I'm done trying to steer this ship!" Daniel and I talked about this and I told him the lesson I had

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.96603
Retrieved Text: I saw a blurb on Twitter awhile back about hand feeding chickadees at the Brecksville Nature Center and ever since then, I'd been dying to try it out. My friend Christine is an avid bird watcher and told me that it was a really cool experience and that I needed to try it out. My fiance and I attempted to go near the holidays, but we were pretty busy and when we finally did have a chance to go, the weather was too bad and we decided that driving in a snowstorm just to feed birds wasn't a good idea.
Last Saturday we made the trek out to Brecksville even though it was super cold. On the drive to Brecksville, my fiance asked me how this all worked. I explained that the birds fly up to you and eat seeds from your hand. Being from Florida, he didn't know what a chickadee is, so in his mind, he thought we were going to something similar to a petting zoo and we'd be hand feeding small baby chicks. Oops. No wonder why he didn't seem all that excited about feeding chickadees!
When we got to the nature center, there was a nice man next to a huge container of sunflower seeds who explained the process to us. Basically, you take a handful of seeds, place them in your palm, stand in a specific area, stay still and quiet, and hope for the best.
We positioned ourselves away from the other people attempting to feed birds and were underneath a tall

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.865982
Retrieved Text: The next two summers, before I graduated from Bible School, I spent working at the Brainerd Indian School, in South Dakota. One day we were lowering a cement septic tank lid in place with a large crane apparatus mounted on a truck. I was under the crane guiding the lid in place with my hand on the cable. The cable going from the top of the crane to the front of the truck, which held the crane up, broke. The large steel pipe arms came down with the extra weight of the cement pulling them down also, and touched my clothes as it crashed to the ground. It was over before I knew what had happened, and didn't bother me at all. But the fellow I was working with, just a few feet away, saw it all happen, and it scared him so bad that he couldn't work, so he dismissed work for the rest of the day.
After I graduated, I had the mission at Kyle, S.D.. I had gone up to Potato Creek, to help Rev. Burchfield work on his log chapel-home. It was almost supper time when Danny Long Soldier, came rushing in. His sister had a heart attack and he wanted Burch to take her to Kyle, where they could get the ambulance to go on to Pine Ridge. I said I would ride along, because I wanted to get my mail at Kyle. I really wanted to go, and as I was about to get in the car, though I didn't recognize

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.83797
Retrieved Text: Read the Full Article - How Much Does Tree Removal Cost?
Type of Tree: poplar Height: 60 to 80?
They charged 7,500 for 7 trees. They didn't haul any wood for three in the back. Was this reasonable or too expensive?
This guy rich Ely is the best and I would recommend him and his crew . His price was correct and he was honest when it was needed the most that was the most important thing. Just call him You will talk to him And only him then he came to my house and we made a plan and he did great a+!!!!
Most of these prices seem a bit high to me. I have owned a tree service for 5 years ( http://kennedytreeservice.com ) I have one full time and one part time employee. I try to make $75-$100 per hour, that seems to be average for my area. If its an extremely challenging job I will go up to $150 per hour. Anything over that I think is a bit steep. Make sure to call around before you commit.
i put the web sight for kennedy tree service in the contractor box so everyone can find them. i had them remove a very large maple tree along side my house with power lines running through it. they climbed up with saws and ropes and had it down in one day. they were very professional and fun to work with. did a very good job.
I have had my tree trimming & removal buisness 20 yrs. most of the prices

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.65306
Retrieved Text: Former City Council Speaker Christine Quinn feels Hillary Clinton’s pain.
Former City Council Speaker Christine Quinn feels Hillary Clinton's pain.
An emotional Quinn, whose history-making bid to become the city's first female and openly gay mayor was torpedoed in 2013 by the upstart Bill de Blasio, said she saw parallels to her race when she watched all the hopeful young women in tears at the Javits Center Tuesday night.
"It's hard not to feel like you let people down," Quinn told the News.
While stressing that she wasn't comparing herself to Clinton — who she considers a role model — she said she knows all too well the pain of trying and failing to shatter the glass ceiling.
"You want more than anything to be able to wipe those hurdles away, to make it easier for girls ... to be less judged on how they look, and what their weight is, and less worried about being the smart one in the class," said Quinn.
Quinn, who worked on the Clinton campaign, at times sounded like she was fighting back tears.
"I'm sad," she said of her emotional state.
"She's my friend. Not like we go to the moves, but I really think Hillary Clinton is my friend and I'm sad for her."
She said "yet again, a qualified, overly qualified, woman tried to get an executive office and they didn't."

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.46113
Retrieved Text: I finally got around to taking pictures, b/c my house was clean enough and organized enough to show you! Now, you get to see my Christmas decorations and our house, a double whammy.
This is the view of my living room from the front of the house.
This is our new table! We bought one just like this, but shorter, on Black Friday from RC Willey. They were out of stock everywhere in UT, so we had been waiting. We found this table on KSL for much cheaper and it came with 4 chairs. So, we got our money back, settled for a taller table, and bought this one Monday! We love it, so far!
My kitchen, I love it!
The entry way to the 1/2 bath, garage, and basement from the kitchen. Our 1/2 bath.
The pictures that Stacie, Cam's sister, took. This is our entry way.
The left wall in our living room. This little corner is a work in progress.
My new buffet/console table in the entry way and my new chair both from Target!
Our fireplace, I still need to get Connor a stocking.
The boy's bathroom. I'm still waiting for my shower curtain from Ikea to come back in stock.
I didn't put many picture of our bedroom, or even the boys bedrooms, b/c I haven't decorated them yet.
For family home evening, on the 7th, we decided to take the boys out to play in the snow. Needless to say, Cade loooved it! He did not want to come back in and threw a huge fit when I did get him

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.43504
Retrieved Text: How high can you go? Dads across social media are trying to answer this question by taking part in what may be the greatest “dad joke” of all time: the Cheerios Challenge.
The challenge came to life thanks to Patrick Quinn, the founder of “Life of Dad,” a social network for fathers.
Quinn was playing with his infant son, Maxton, on his lap when the tot fell asleep.
As any parent can attest to, it can get kind of boring watching your baby snooze, afraid to move, lest you want to deal with a screaming child. When Quinn spotted the bowl of Cheerios his older son had left within arm’s reach, he got the idea to try to balance one on Maxton’s nose.
Quinn reached a grand total of five, before his stack toppled over. He posted his triumphant victory on his site, and it all snowballed from there, turning one dad’s bored escapades into a worldwide competition.
“It’s pretty bananas how it took off,” Quinn told CNN.
So far, the record stack hit just under 20 Cheerios, which Quinn told Buzzfeed was the “Everest of Cheerio stacking.” Other dads are opting out of reaching new heights, and instead are choosing to add their own flair to the challenge by making multiple stacks on their child, trying it when their child is awake, or using other types of food, like Reese’s cups or pancakes.
Here at Metro Parent, we are all for having a fun time with your tot, but sometimes hanging out with an infant who can’t hold their head up, let

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.43218
Retrieved Text: I just got home from a truly special concert. It’s late and I am completely drained, but I can’t bring myself to go to bed without sharing this experience with you.
I went to see blues legends B.B. King and Buddy Guy perform at the Beacon Theatre. I’ve had the tickets since the day they went on sale and have been eagerly awaiting the show like a little kid waiting for his birthday. Both men met my high expectations, but they had a special surprise in the form of a nine year-old boy named Quinn Sullivan that pushed the evening to unexpected heights.
Buddy Guy took to the stage and did his usual routine, jumping between quiet blues, grand solos filled with instrumental madness, and onstage schtick (which is typical of bluesmen of his vintage). It was a lot of fun.
If I didn’t see the kid with my own eyes and know his age – If he played from behind a curtain, I would have thought he had been playing for decades. However, he wasn’t even a decade old.
Quinn was ridiculous. He had it all: taste, chops, and panache.
Quinn and Buddy traded licks, played some Hendrix, and the song “Whose Gonna Fill Those Shoes” from Buddy’s latest album Skin Deep (iTunes & Amazon). It turns out that the song’s title is a rhetorical question as the studio recording also features Quinn. Then Buddy put his guitar away and the band finished the set with Buddy on vocals and Quinn on lead guitar.
After an intermission B.B. King’s Blues Band

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.423378
Retrieved Text: My Woman Camp story starts long before Woman Camp.
My Woman Camp story starts long before Woman Camp. I was never "on board" with Woman Camp—I didn't want to go until I felt called. I didn't want to go just because it was another Crossroads thing to do. However...in April I was supposed get married. Two weeks before what would have been my wedding day, I went to my fiance and told him I didn't think I could get married. There was a lot of family stuff that came to the surface weeks before this decision and quite frankly, my fiance and I were just going through the motions of life and wedding planning and not connecting at all. We knew our story still wasn't over and the last 6 months tore down lies and vowed to break generational brokenness. We were in service when they announced the next Woman Camp and I told James "I think I'm supposed to go." The best part of that is we already had a trip planned for my birthday and I said, nope Woman Camp is more important. I went into camp knowing I wanted God to show up in a big way, specifically around our relationship and marriage. However, I had ZERO expectations. I am a control and planning freak. But I went into Woman Camp without that attitude. The moment we started making the walk into Base Camp, my heart already started to change. When we went into the large tent for worship and a message, I let

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.411327
Retrieved Text: My son and his girlfriend, (Dainen's mother) began to go about their lives , getting jobs, and doing the usual stuff but it was not to last long. When Dainen was around two they split up and she moved in with her new BF up north. We, at the request of out son to help her, moved all her furniture and belongings for her to her new BF's parents farm not far from Valleyview, AB. Even then we had free access to Dainen, having him for a two month stretch at one time.
She didn't get the nursing work she expected there so moved back to Calgary, AB. All we had to do was phone her and ask to pick Dainen up and she would say OK. She would ask for how long and we would arrange to call her to let her know when he would come home. Sometimes it was a couple of days and sometimes a couple of weeks. She would tell us many times that she could never understand how someone could play games with their children like the son's former wife had. She said she could never do that. Things went along this way for a long time. We had every birthday party for Dainen, he never had one at home and to my knowledge still has not. One time when he was learning to walk he fell down. When I picked him up to kiss his "boo boo" she told me not to do that or he wouldn't grow up to

================



======= Instance Index 6 =========
Input Text: Context: Bailey found Carson's cleaning solution after not being able to find it by himself.

Question: What does Bailey need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: give Carson their solution

B: return it to Carson

C: follow directions to the location

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.693127
Retrieved Text: If you're like most Tucson homeowners, you rely on your dryer to make your weekly laundry routine go smoothly. But if your dryer vent is dirty or clogged, you may find yourself waiting double or triple the time for your dryer to do its job. When you need a good dryer vent cleaning, trust the professionals at Carson's Power-Vac. Our goal is to eliminate dryer vent clogs and debris so that your dryer can achieve its optimal performance.
A dirty dryer vent won't just make laundry a hassle; it can actually compromise your safety. A clogged dryer vent can result in a household fire, but dryer vent cleaning services from Carson's Power-Vac can help you avoid such a disaster.
Don't let a dirty dryer vent wreak havoc on your home or routine. Call Carson's Power-Vac today to schedule a dryer vent cleaning.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.001123
Retrieved Text: Bailey and Zack met me out at beautiful Lake Louisa for their Spring engagement. Recent rains brought the lush nature preserve back to shades of green, which were the perfect backdrop to my couple’s pastel attire.
My sweethearts story began on May 21st of 2015 when Bailey had come home from college for the summer. Excited to spend time with family and catch up with friends, Bailey’s friend Peyton invited her out to go country line dancing at Mavericks, a local dancing bar. Being her silly self, Zack first laid eyes on her when she was doing a goofy dance and immediately fell in love with her free spirit. Approaching Bailey, he introduced himself, and after spending the entire night chatting at the bar, exchanged numbers. Two weeks later, the two wen on their first date at the Waffle House followed by putt-putt golf and of course a sweet treat of slurpees after. It was the perfect laid back date to really be able to get to know one another better, and opened the door to many more dates to come.
Falling in love with how much Bailey cares for other people, Zack explains that Bailey “has a natural caring spirit and helps people however and whenever.” For Bailey, the way Zack makes her laugh and brings joy to every day is what she fell in love with. As Bailey explains, Zack “can always make me smile even after I have had a bad day. He is someone that will always crack a joke to cheer everybody up.”

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.888918
Retrieved Text: Home History Encyclopedias almanacs transcripts and maps Carson, Christopher "Kit"
Kit Carson was "a symbol of the daring and intelligence by which the frontier was being extended."
The ultimate frontiersman, Kit Carson spent his career on the edge of the American frontier, exploring, taming, and conquering it. Guts and determination turned Carson from an illiterate runaway into a brigadier general. Fortunate to be friends with one of the greatest promoters of the American West, John C. Frémont (1813–1890; see entry), Carson was a humble man whose amazing exploits would become known to the world—in embellished form—and make him a national hero.
Christopher "Kit" Carson was born on December 24, 1809, in Madison County, Kentucky, the third son of Lindsay and Rebecca Carson. The family soon moved to Howard County, Missouri, which was considered the frontier at the time. Carson remembered in his autobiography that "for two or three years after our arrival, we had to remain forted and it was necessary to have men stationed at the extremities of the fields for the protection of those that were laboring." As a boy, Carson thrived on the frontier, learning to shoot, hunt, and protect himself. A quick learner, Carson seemed to have a bright future.
In 1818, when Carson was just nine years old, his father was killed when a tree branch fell on him. Although Carson's father had recognized his son's intelligence and hoped Kit would get a good education, Carson had to leave school to look after his family when his father died. Carson's mother remarried in 1822, and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.290516
Retrieved Text: BEAVER FALLS (KDKA) – Two teens wanted in connections with a fatal shooting in Beaver County earlier this month have been arrested.
According to police, Todavia Cleckley and Marcus Velasquez, both 14, were arrested Tuesday night by the United States Marshals Fugitive Task Force.
The teens were wanted in connection with the shooting death of 22-year-old Kayla Peterson outside of her Beaver Falls home.
Beaver County’s District Attorney tells KDKA that Facebook photos posted by two suspects after the homicide are also now part of the criminal investigation.
D.A. Anthony Berosh said photos surfaced on Facebook after the killing. The pictures show the boys holding guns.
According to police, Peterson was shot because she refused to give the teens cigarettes.
“It makes you feel better to be able to go outside and not worry about one of them running up or them causing anybody else problems,” William Bailey said.
Bailey, Peterson’s fiancée, was happy that the suspects were finally in custody.
“I think Kayla’s up in heaven shining a just little bit more because they were caught,” Bailey said.
Beaver Falls Police announced late Tuesday night that the suspects had been captured in Beaver Falls.
These arrests came after the earlier arrest of 13-year-old Kyle Goosby Jr., who was also wanted in the shooting.
“They were all there. They all knew what was going down, and I hope they all get what they deserve,” Bailey said.
Bailey also wants others held accountable who may have harbored the fugitive teens while they were on the run.
“At 14-years-old, you can’t go get a hotel. You can’t go get your own

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.64443
Retrieved Text: Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson announced on Thursday he had his office cancel an order placed for a $31,000 dining room set for his personal office, reportedly saying he may consider another one but his preference is one with a more "reasonable" price.
Carson's decision to cancel the order comes after reports this week that redecorating for his office exceeded the legal limit of $5,000. Items purchased included a custom hardwood table, chairs and a hutch.
"I was as surprised as anyone to find out that a $31,000 dining set had been ordered," Carson said in a statement to CNN. "I have requested that the order be canceled. We will find another solution for the furniture replacement."
The dining room furniture included a table, sideboard, breakfront – all in mahogany – and 10 mahogany chairs with blue velvet finish, according to the company that sold the furniture to HUD and purchase documents obtained by CNN.
Carson said his wife, Candy Carson, asked if "used furniture was an option."
"I made it known that I was not happy about the prices being charged and that my preference would be to find something more reasonable," he said.
HUD spokesman Raffi Williams said Carson did not know what was being purchased and "the the secretary does want to be as fiscally prudent as possible with the taxpayers' money." However, HUD staff member Helen Foster has said she was demoted and replaced after refusing to find a way to exceed the $5,000 legal budget for office redecorations.
House Oversight Committee Chairman Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., has

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.167454
Retrieved Text: AS HE gets home after a hard day's work, Bailey Johnson proudly says "I'm buggered".
The 20-year-old has just finished his first shift at Hervey Bay restaurant Soy Asian Cuisine.
Bailey, like other boys his age, enjoys beer, playing pool and girls.
But he also has a rare terminal disease called leukodystrophy.
The disease affects the brain, spinal cord and peripheral nerves and significantly shortens a person's life.
The larger-than-life character was struggling to find a job but the wait was worth it as he scored the gig at at his favourite restaurant.
This was after his mum Linda Johnson posted online in a local community group to let everyone know Bailey was looking for a job.
Soy Asian Cuisine owner Maggie Geale knew Bailey would be the perfect fit, as he already knew the menu from being a regular customer.
Taking on duties both at the front counter and in the kitchen, Bailey's tasks include serving customers, folding menus and packing takeaway meals.
He also loves his uniform and name tag.
The aspiring chef, whose favourite Asian meal is honey chicken, once had the opportunity to cook alongside famous chef Manu after winning a competition.
He has been feeling like a celebrity himself ever since receiving the job because members of the public come into the store to congratulate him on his role.
Other staff have taken a liking to Bailey as well, helping him out along the way.
Bailey is part of the Endeavour Foundation.
He cannot wait until the day he gets to make food deliveries to the organisation as part of his restaurant role.
Bailey's life expectancy

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.08192
Retrieved Text: Makeup artist to the stars Jake Bailey, who died today following an apparent suicide, was found by his assistant slumped inside an SUV outside his Hollywood home, Daily Mail Online can reveal.
The personal assistant, who arrived with coffee for his boss, discovered the 37-year-old’s lifeless body inside the black SUV and dragged him from the vehicle before frantically trying to revive him.
Earlier today the Los Angeles County Coroner's Office confirmed that Bailey was found dead at 8.25am and appeared to have suffered from carbon monoxide poisoning in an apparent suicide.
The Coroner will perform an autopsy in the next few days to determine the exact cause of death.
A neighbor who had heard loud screams outside Bailey's house earlier today ran to the assistant’s aid and stepped in to carry out CPR, but all resuscitation efforts were in vain.
Renowned make-up artist Bailey was best known in Hollywood for his work with such A-listers as Katy Perry, Selena Gomez and Mariah Carey.
Described as having ‘undeniable talent’, he worked most frequently with Perry, including on her September 2014 Cosmopolitan cover.
The neighbor on Holly Drive in Hollywood, where Bailey lived in a $1.3million home, told Daily Mail Online: ‘My wife went out to try to resuscitate Jake in the early hours of this morning.
‘His assistant had showed up with coffee for him and then we heard yelling and screaming and a car alarm going off, so my wife ran out.
‘The assistant was trying to resuscitate our neighbor but my wife went out to help.
The neighbor, who asked not to be named,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.978931
Retrieved Text: RUHPOLDING, Germany (January 15, 2015) - The U.S team of Lowell Bailey (Lake Placid, N.Y.), Sean Doherty (Center Conway, N.H.), Leif Nordgren (Marine, Minn.) and Tim Burke (Paul Smiths, N.Y.) put together an outstanding effort Thursday to finish 10th in the men's 4x7.5-kilometer relay at the IBU World Cup in Ruhpolding, Germany.
Beginning in the 25th and last position in the starting grid, Bailey quickly moved up in the field on the opening lap.
"I tried to stay conservative in the first lap and conserve energy as I was starting in the last row," said Bailey. "It's difficult to move up much when you start that far back, so I knew I would need to focus on shooting."
After hitting all five targets in the prone position he was in 11th place, just 6.8 seconds out of first. Another clean round by Bailey in standing moved the U.S. up to fifth place exiting the range.
"After prone, I was in the lead group but it was a large group. For standing, I just made sure that I focused on my own shooting and didn't get distracted by what other competitors were doing around me. In Ruhpolding, the shooting times tend to be fast because the range approach is fairly easy. I wanted to make sure I didn't rush my shooting just because everyone around was shooting fast. It wasn't the fastest shooting of the day, but it was clean, and it allowed me to get out of the range in fifth or sixth with only about a 10-second gap to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.824104
Retrieved Text: They also found Lovette guilty of kidnapping, robbery with firearm, felony larceny and possession of stolen goods.
Following the jury's verdict, Judge Allen Baddour sentenced Lovette to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
"This a difficult day," Judge Baddour said. "I sense from the family of Ms. Carson that they sense the inadequacy of the court system to make this situation right. This act has no place in our society. It is not activity that we can allow to occur in our society. The life Ms. Carson led was too short. But, I know she continues to be an inspiration for thousands in this community and across this country. That is a small consolation."
Carson's family and Lovette declined to make a statement following the ruling.
Prosecutors said during the trial that Lovette and Demario Atwater kidnapped Carson from her Chapel Hill home on March 5, 2008 and then drove her around in her SUV to various ATMs in Chapel Hill and Durham to withdraw cash from her accounts. They then killed her and dumped her body on a Chapel Hill street.
Earlier this year, Atwater took a plea deal on federal charges related to the Carson's kidnapping, carjacking and murder, and is currently serving a life sentence.
In closing arguments Monday, Orange County District Attorney Jim Woodall said that the testimony and evidence presented over the last two weeks clearly showed Lovette's guilt.
"It's hard to imagine a more tragic case than this," Woodall told the jury. "It's hard to imagine what Eve went through that night."
"What the defendant did

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.71773
Retrieved Text: For many contestants, PAN, hosted by CB Foods, is a way to explore their passion and love for preparing jerked chicken. For others, it is a livelihood - a way of life, feeding patrons at all hours of the day and transforming mundane stretches of road into small gatherings, punctuated by savoury aromas and mouth-watering flavours.
While we enjoy the undoubtedly delectable results, behind the PAN, it is gruelling work. It requires hours of preparation, marinating chicken for flavour to the bone, trial and error with different methods of cooking, and creating secret sauces to give the end result that extra culinary kick. Then there are the hours spent beneath the sun and battling the other elements as they come. To stand for hours on end facing the scorching heat from the PAN grill is no easy feat, neither is holding out hopes for customers when business is slow. But, the PAN men and women persevere despite the difficulties to earn a living.
The same is true for Mario Bailey, the first place winner of the PAN 2018 Regional 1 competition, held in Folly Oval, Portland. When asked what makes his chicken the best, the shy 37 year-old proudly told us, "My chicken is the best because of my sauce."
His enthusiasm is palpable, his stammer is markedly noticeable, and his chicken - obviously fantastic.
Hailing from Trelawny, a tourism epicentre with resorts dotting the coastline, Bailey lives in distinct contrast within the interior of the parish. There, life bubbles on as daily activities busies its residents.
Donald Williams, Bailey's trusty

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.464003
Retrieved Text: The ongoing saga between the Jamaica Football Federation (JFF) and Craig Butler is as persistent as a fly going in on a carcass. In what is an insult to supporters of the Reggae Boyz, Butler continues to keep his adopted son, the prodigiously talented Leon Bailey, away from the national programme until his ludicrous ransom of control is met.
It is not difficult to recognise an opportunist, and Butler is just that.
Slowly but surely, his true intentions are being exposed. Quite rightly, the Federation has not ceded to his demands and have insisted that he follow due process. This does not exonerate the JFF as they too have done Jamaica a great disservice since their sole World Cup qualification in 1998. Plagued with nepotism, corruption and mismanagement in the past, the Reggae Boyz have stumbled and stuttered in the 20 years since the euphoria following a nil-nil draw with Mexico at the Office.
This does not give Butler the right – he has convinced himself – is due to him to table demands and wishes. He possesses one bargaining chip, his son Chippy. What he also possesses are a bag of half-truths, fantastical stories and downright lies. He proclaims to have the best interests of Jamaican football at heart, but to any keen observer of this long-winded storyline, the intention is clear. Craig Butler cares about Craig Butler.
Is Arjen Robben aware he set records for speed dribbling at Ajax, a club he never played for?
From those aggrandising statements to ones about being part of the Genk coaching setup

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.436783
Retrieved Text: The hostage standoff began around 10:45 a.m. Thursday at a home in Stockbridge, Georgia.
A hostage standoff that began after a gunman barricaded himself in a Georgia home ended more than 15 hours later with him and two others dead and two police officers wounded, authorities said Friday.
Officers made a "dynamic entry" into the Stockbridge house around 3:30 a.m. Friday and found Sandra Renee White, 39, dead in the garage. The body of Arkeyvion White, 16, was found in an upstairs bedroom, the Henry County Police Department said.
They both appeared to have been fatally shot, Capt. Joey Smith said.
The gunman, identified as Anthony Tony Bailey Jr., 47, was found dead in a bedroom from a self-inflicted gunshot wound, police said.
Henry County police were called to the home around 10:45 a.m. Thursday.
A woman had called 911 after going to the house to check on a relative who lived there, Smith said during a news conference Thursday afternoon. When police arrived, they found Bailey barricaded inside with the teen. Police said Bailey was in a relationship with White and they believe there was a domestic dispute before the teenager was taken hostage.
Two officers, Taylor Webb and Keegan Merritt, tried to enter the house and were shot by Bailey, police said.
On Friday, the department released police body-camera videos showing Webb kicking in the door to the home and being shot as soon as he stepped inside. When several other officers try to help get the wounded policeman to safety, Bailey warns them to stay away.
"Don't come in here," Bailey is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.405828
Retrieved Text: Like It Or Not, Political Campaigns Are Using Facebook To Target You : It's All Politics If you're seeing a political ad in your Facebook feed, there's probably a very specific reason that candidate is interested in you.
Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson's campaign has been a fast-adopter of targeting people on Facebook. He has more than 4 million likes on the social media site, more than any other candidate.
Some of the most important real estate in presidential politics is actually right in front of your nose. Or under your thumbs — it really depends on how you log onto Facebook.
The social network is now a key place for campaigns to advertise. One reason for that: It's getting easier and easier for campaigns to target those ads to very specific, tailor-made audiences.
"This is our hub of communication," explained Ken Dawson, who heads digital strategies for Ben Carson's presidential campaign. "We really see it as the heart of our campaign."
Carson's Facebook page has more than 4 million followers, more than any other presidential campaign. It's a constant stream of posts, videos and chats with the candidate.
Aside from that never-ending flow of content, the campaign is running scores and scores of advertisements that appear in Facebook users' news feeds. In mid-October, the campaign was juggling 240 different advertisements. Nearly every single one was targeted to a different subset of voters.
These days, campaigns can target their online advertisements with pinpoint accuracy. There are three main ways to do that on Facebook. One of the most effective is for campaigns to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.384388
Retrieved Text: At age 3, Segun Bailey was taken to the hospital for treatment, rather than getting relief from the doctor’s injection, his dreams were literally punctured by same.
Almost moved to tears as he recounts how a doctor’s negligence cost him his legs, Bailey has since picked up what is left of him and he is not weighed down.
As a teenager, each time he sees people walk pass, he would think to himself that God was being unfair.
He sunk further into his own world when he had to mingle with his peers and rejected any form of pity or special treatment.
Deep down there was a burning desire to compete and win. A desire that pushed him towards sports - table tennis.
“I started out in sports in wheelchair tennis in 2006. I traveled twice with the tennis team. After that I joined table tennis for a year. Someone then invited me to join basketball and I fell in love with the game. Since then I have been involved in basketball.
Having travelled far and wide, Bailey submits that Nigeria is lagging when it comes to catering for people with disability.
“When you go to some European countries or even some African countries like South Africa or Algeria, they try to make life easier for people with disability. They provide wheelchairs, they belief walking on crutches is more difficult, which is true. Also there is easy access to buildings. Even though there is the staircase, they also build ramps for wheelchairs", he noted.
Despite Nigeria's backwardness in catering for the physically-challenged, Bello reckons

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.244747
Retrieved Text: In Southern Chester County, tucked away on the corner of Bailey Crossroads and Glen Run Road, lies a small family-owned and operated Christmas tree farm with an old sign that reads "The Wilson Tree farm”.
There is a young man planting a fresh, new, white pine tree. David Wilson stops to take in a nice cool breeze for a moment and he notices the crossing of two road signs- while at a crossroads in his own life... He thinks to himself a quick combination of the words "Bailey Run" and smiles to himself, thinking of all the times and memories he's associated with this place: long walks with his Doberman-Lab Waylon, family-oriented bonding time, and work-based efforts alike. Little did he know this would be the start of something more.
David Wilson, the twenty-seven year old former Pittsburgh resident, is a musician rooted in folk and country, syphoning inspiration from greats such as Jim Croce, James Taylor and The Beatles. He's landed some pretty big shows, such as opening for Kansas at 20 years old, being discovered by WXPN Radio, and having a full-page article in Fig Lancaster magazine for their "Fig Voices" segment, where WXPN's Helen Leicht herself even sings his praises. But even with so much recognition (and a time-consuming number of shows to uphold, along with the hours of driving and hauling his gear) David Wilson still seems to find himself on the proving grounds of the regional music scenes. Just by viewing the professional appearance of his social sites, you might ask yourself why

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.22175
Retrieved Text: Posted on 06.01.2018 | by MENDY B.
Rachel Carson’s text around all the line “The Responsibility towards Endure” because of the girl's 1962 arrange Quiet Originate taken the hazardous mother nature herself in pesticides for you to existence. The actual outcome of the articles happen to be huge; Rachel Carson’s have an effect on not necessarily only improved this interest associated with eco difficulties with your United States.
Comprehending Rachel Carson’s "the Desire in order to Endure" Essay Solution Examples: Rachel Carson's 'Silent Spring' Rachel Carson Tranquil Early spring Result Suggestions Any The environmental Legacy involving Rachel Carson Essay or dissertation. A good Comparison from your Legacy in Upton Sinclair's All the Setting along with Rachel Carson's Noiseless.
Scrutinizing Rachel Carson’s “The Obligation to help you Endure” During the woman composition “The Burden to make sure you Endure”, Rachel Carson warnings this people to be able to the perils about current professional air pollution. The woman gives advice around a undesirable repercussions in unsafe materials to be issued in a habitat.
Rachel Carson: “THE Obligation To help ENDURE”. 3. at one time natural wells.” (Carson, 1962, cha. 2) In the event that some alternative could possibly be prepared to lifetime such factors may remain a problem eventually intimidating long run versions not to mention could quite possibly presumably contribute that will damaging occasions intended for mankind.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.979557
Retrieved Text: The concept Carson, Kit, 1809-1868 represents the subject, aboutness, idea or notion of resources found in University of Oklahoma Libraries.
<Kit Carson.> : The life and adventures of Christopher Carson, the celebrated Rocky mountain hunter, trapper, and guide. Together with his hunting exploits, thrilling adventures, and hairbreadth escapes among the Indians. Also, his services rendered the United States government, as guide to the various expeditions, under Col. J.C. Fremont and others ..
Kit Carson days, 1809-1868; : "adventures in the path of empire.", By Edwin L. Sabin; with twenty full-page drawings by Howard Simon ..
Kit Carson's autobiography,, edited by Milo Milton Quaife ..
Kit Carson's life and adventures : from facts narrated by himself, embracing events in the life-time of America's greatest hunter, trapper, scout and guide, including vivid accounts of the every day life, inner character, and peculiar customs of all Indian tribes of the far West : also, an accurate description of the country ... together with a full and complete history of the Modoc Indians and the Modoc war, by DeWitt C. Peters ..
<Kit Carson.> The life and adventures of Christopher Carson, the celebrated Rocky mountain hunter, trapper, and guide. : Together with his hunting exploits, thrilling adventures, and hairbreadth escapes among the Indians. Also, his services rendered the United States government, as guide to the various expeditions, under Col. J.C. Fremont and others.
Frontier legend; : Texas finale of Capt. William F. Drannan, pseudo frontier comrade of Kit Carson.
Kit Carson days, 1809-1868; : "adventures in the path of empire."
Kit Carson's life and adventures, : from facts

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.912066
Retrieved Text: The certainty that you are using a cruelty free product that will not harm you or any other creature in the planet. Our organic washing powder is tested by medical specialist, just like all our products.
Peace of mind knowing you and your family members are safe from allergies since all our products are allergy free and tested in order to ensure it.
Being able to reuse the waste water used with our organic washing powder to water your plants in a completely safe way.
Here at Herbon we take pride in being the leading manufacturers of all natural options that contribute with to preserve the environment. If you are looking for bio-degradable eco friendly washing powder crafted with the most beneficial herbal extracts and vegetable oils, you can enjoy our natural solution entirely made with ingredients found in nature. Herbon is a company working on the field of organic cleaning products since 1982, more than 35 years offering Australian families and businesses an eco friendly natural washing powder that does not contain artificial colours or perfumes.
If you are looking for a fragrance free organic washing powder that gives you the same results a standard washing powder would, leaving your clothes impeccable, here at Herbon you will find it at an accessible price. The difference between our organic washing powder and other cleaning products found in the market is that we are the safest option in the market for people trying to avoid allergic reactions while washing their clothes. A completely organic washing powder that is the result of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.90949
Retrieved Text: Philip Freneau (1752-1832) graduated from Princeton College in 1771, already in the habit of writing poetry. He tried teaching and studying for the ministry, but all he really wanted to do was write, which was a nice lifestyle but not a lucrative one.
Despite supporting the Patriot cause on paper, Freneau spent the first years of the Revolutionary War in the Caribbean, writing nature poems. In 1778 he sailed back to the U.S. of A., landing only after being captured and released by the Royal Navy.
After publishing more poetry, Freneau enlisted as supercargo on a ship to the Azores. That trip required evading British vessels. In May 1780 he set out again for the island of St. Eustatia, this time as a paying passenger.
Freneau expected the British would again set him free as a non-combatant passenger. Instead, his captors shoved him in with their other prisoners. His treatment wasn’t as bad as it could have been because he was soon treated as an officer. Nonetheless, Freneau found himself on one of the infamous British prison-ships in New York harbor.
Francis Wrigley, News Carrier, with their custom.
And in spite of proud Britain, are happy and free.
We still have been able to struggle along.
To what, in the end, did their conquest amount?
It but sav’d them from ruin—not ruin’d our cause.
What LOUIS intended, or GEORGE was a brewing.
I bro’t you their wranglings—not help’d them to write.
No party I serve, and no pension I hold.
And a word to the wise is, in reason, enough.
Freneau wrote similar verses to celebrate the start of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.855461
Retrieved Text: AFL 200 game premiership star Luke Ball held up his hand over his eyes, shielding himself from the sheeting rain as he peered across the oval.
“Yep, that’s him,” responded his brother and former Hawk Matt, who was hardly surprised.
It was pushing 5pm on a cold winter’s Saturday in Melbourne last year, approaching an hour after Xavier College had been beaten by arch rivals and flag favourites Haileybury in the APS schoolboy competition.
As coach Matt and his lieutenant Luke walked towards their cars, they spotted year 11 star Bailey Smith.
Still in his full playing kit, Bailey was running 200s.
“What are you doing, mate?” asked Luke, flanked by Matt as they reached him following a trek across the oval.
Bailey was punishing himself for a below-par performance.
“I could relate to it a little bit more,” laughed Luke, as he reflected on the standards he set himself as a junior.
Physically and athletically, he’s miles ahead.
“For Bailey, it’s always: ‘I’m not doing enough’.
“Physically and athletically, he’s miles ahead of certainly where I was or any other 17-year-old that I’ve ever seen.
Sixteen months on, Smith is about to be taken in the top 10 of the national draft.
And while the November 22 date will be occupying most of Smith’s mind, it’s not the only thing happening in a busy period in the teenager’s life.
He’s midway through his year 12 exams, he’s approaching his driving test to get his P-plates and is about to turn 18.
But there will be no raging party.
“Huh? Nah, no way!” Smith exclaimed.
Ironically, pressure is something all to familiar

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.822916
Retrieved Text: DENVER – The ACLU of Colorado announced a settlement this morning on behalf of Michael Bailey, who was jailed for 52 days awaiting his first appearance before a judge in 2015. Bailey was held in the Teller County Jail without bond on a 4-year-old misdemeanor warrant out of Pueblo County. When he was finally transferred and appeared before the Pueblo County Court, he was immediately released on a personal recognizance bond, and his charges were dismissed soon afterward. While in jail, Bailey lost his job and missed two months of pay. The ACLU filed suit on behalf of Bailey against Pueblo and Teller Counties for failing to bring him promptly before a judge for first appearance in violation of the Constitution. This settlement resolves his claims.
Pueblo and Teller Counties agree to bring arrestees from either jurisdiction promptly before a judge for first appearance, including setting of bond.
Pueblo and Teller Counties will attempt to bring new arrestees before the county court for first appearance at the next court session after arrest.
In any event, Pueblo and Teller Counties must bring new arrestees before the court for first appearance within two “court days,” which is defined as any day the county court is in session (currently Monday–Friday).
Through a Consent Decree agreed to by both parties and subject to court approval, the terms of the settlement will be enforceable in federal court.
The ACLU is proud to announce a settlement of Mr. Bailey’s case that, we hope, provides a framework to begin addressing the statewide problem of pre-trial arrestees languishing in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.807499
Retrieved Text: When you are in the market for commercial carpet cleaning near Paramus NJ and other local areas, look no further than A Able Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning. A Able Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning is the only carpet cleaning service you will need to get your business, office, or commercial building looking as good as new. Are you moving out? Moving in? Or maybe you simply want a new carpet refresh your building. Whatever your needs, you’ll find an ideal solution in A Able Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning. It isn’t always easy to find a reliable choice for commercial carpet cleaners near Bergen County NJ. You want a company with your interest at heart and won’t sell you more services than you actually need. Make A Able Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning your first call for this reason. Our years of experience in the industry have taught us everything we need to know when it comes to commercial carpet cleaning, from deep-cleaning to light daily cleanings. If you’re not sure which services you require, or how much cleaning the carpet in your commercial building really needs, you can depend A Able Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning to make recommendations you can trust. Don’ call anyone else when you need commercial carpet cleaning near Wyckoff NJ and other local areas.
Together with commercial carpet cleaning in Bergen County NJ, A Able Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning also offers other valuable services for business owners and homeowners alike. A Able Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning is the only company you’ll have to contact whether

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.798231
Retrieved Text: Moseby falls down the stairs and injures everyone except London. Ratings Viewers in millions 1 The Suite Life Sets Sail September 26, 2008 4. London tries to bribe her not to move in, but Bailey refuses. This was the first episode that Cody and Bailey go out on a date. Meanwhile, Cody and Bailey find it increasingly harder to spend time with each other.
Special guest star: as Guest stars: as Prince Jeffy, Cale Hoelzman as Prince Timmy, Scott Dreier as Harold The Herald Note: This is the 100th episode of the Suite Life series, and also the last appearance of Maddie Fitzpatrick in the show. Cody is dating Bailey but they are having lots of break-ups lately. He's constantly running from stem to stern keeping the Martin twins and London out of trouble. He adventually told Bailey that he lied to the teacher about her and Bailey disagreed and said it was wrong. Connie takes over Moseby's work and breaks a boat in a bottle intended as a gift for the captain. After everyone else eventually finds this out, Bailey is allowed to stay, filling the position vacated by London's ex-cabin-mate, and Bailey becomes London's new cabin-mate. Annoyed at the whole idea of staying on the , London flees to , leaving Bailey feeling responsible and guilty over her disappearance.
Something's wrong if you can in context of the show make several scientific discoveries, patent multiple inventions, write two books and maintain perfect grades in regular school. Plus, breakup in which episode 0: i uploaded one of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.768482
Retrieved Text: Character » Ted Carson appears in 36 issues.
A former high school teacher who murdered Garfield Lynns, and adopted the identity of the New 52 Firefly.
Ted Carson was created by Bill Finger and Sheldon Moldoff in Batman #126.
Ted Carson was a wealthy industrialist whom Bruce Wayne was on social terms with. During a high society party at Carson Mansion, a masked figure calling himself the Firefly broke in and stole a box of gold nuggets that had been a Carson family heirloom. Batman and Robin confronted the villain, but were defeated when Firefly disoriented them with a light-based device and made his escape. After the party, Kathy Kane arrives and consoles Carson, telling him Batman would likely track down the Firefly and retrieve the stolen nuggets. She leaves with him in his car right afterwards, and Bruce realizes that he is jealous of the fact that Kathy has fallen for Carson.
Later, the police contact Batman and Robin at the Batcave and tell them that Firefly is robbing the Gotham Glassworks. The duo arrive at the scene to find Batwoman already there, fighting the Firefly's thugs. Firefly makes his escape by using a sonic device to shatter all the glass in the building, but the heroes capture one of his accomplices. After a futile attempt at getting the thug to reveal his boss's secret identity, the heroes split up, but not before Batwoman drops a bombshell: she claims that she knows Batman's real identity and chides him for not being more careful with it.
Batman panics and wonders if

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.676064
Retrieved Text: Subject: A Second Opinion for Hip Dysplasia - 7 month old Yellow Lab - part II.
Thank you for getting back with me.
Bailey will be 7 months old on August 28th. I do like my vet but I felt like he was more interested in scolding me rather then talking to me about what may be wrong with Bailey. He just acted like I had a lazy dog. He just kept repeating that I need to walk Bailey so he doesn't become overweight, which I don't think he is because you can see his ribs when he walks.
He doesn't really have trouble getting up and down the stairs but he will sit at the top of the stairs like he doesn't want to come down and so you will have to open the door before he will come down the stairs. The only other symptom he has is he really prefers to sit rather then stand. He has been that way since I got him.
I walk Bailey on several types of surfaces: dirt, concrete, running trail, and gravel.
The other forms of exercise are: swimming - he LOVES to swim, in fact, I am battling his second ear infection right now (on a side note: is it safe to use swimmers ear on Bailey? It is hard to keep him out of the water because he has free access to a swimming pool and so the ear infections just won't go away).
I do not give Bailey any supplements. I feed him a mixture of Science Diet Nature's Best

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.660917
Retrieved Text: Bajan Emar Edwards showed his chess prowess over the last weekend, where he finished joint first, but second on tie-break in the Antigua and Barbuda Ratings Development chess tournament played at the National Public Library, St. John’s Antigua.
Edwards finished jointly atop the 10 player all play all tourney with Nicolas Marchal of Martinique with 8 ½ points from a possible 9. He however lost the 2 game blitz playoff match to have to settle for second on the tie-break.
Although the two mentioned players greatly out rated their Antigua rivals who made up the rest of the tournament, both players looked suspect in their last round games. With everything on the line Marchal found himself cruising to what seemed an easy victory against promising Antiguan junior Matthew Bailey. However a number of exchanges allowed Bailey to reach an ending with opposite colored bishops and a rook, among a few pawns, being the pieces on the board. Marchal however saw a tactical combination which allowed him to win Bailey’s bishop and with it the game. Edwards was just as fortunate as he found himself under early pressure from Jerry Aska but was able to turn it around and eventually won the game.
Other last round results saw local battles where Seymore Nurse won from Jason Fleming, Chester Grant defeated McKala McLeod and Andre Warner captured the point from Igol Christopher. Three persons then finished in joint 3rd – 5th on 5 points. However of these three, Jerry Aska won the playoff from Nurse and Grant to place third and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.62305
Retrieved Text: Henry Bailey, 63, steps through remnants of the once popular Rob Bailey Fish Camp where he was raised. Nearby, the Bailey family oak tree struggles against the dry July heat partially uprooted by Hurricane Ike. The withered oak once shaded the backyard of the home where Rob and Sue Bailey raised six children. Today, north Sabine Lake glistens in bright sun where the piers and timbers of the old wharf poke from the water like fish bones.
“The oak was given to us by my uncle Joe,” Bailey said, referring to Joe Bailey who owned the famed Bridge City establishment Joe Bailey’s Fish Camp on Cow Bayou before it burned in the 1960s. The oak tree was a gift to the newly-married Rob and Sue.
In 1941, Rob Bailey acquired the land at the end of Old Ferry Road around the bend from his brother’s venture, Fred Bailey’s Fish Camp. Rob sold bait at the boat launch called Rob’s Place. In time it would become Rob Bailey’s Fish Camp with a store run by Sue on what had become known as Bailey Road.
Henry Bailey, a geologist living in League City, took over the landmark Sabine Lake property after the death of his mother in 2008. Sue, 84, had lived there almost 50 years until her death from cancer. But by then, the longtime Sabine Lake marina was already in disrepair.
The boat launch hadn’t been used since Hurricane Humberto filled it with silt on Sept. 13, 2006. In 2008, on the same day, Hurricane Ike, swept away the closed

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.556414
Retrieved Text: We know that they are part of the family and they have sensitive coat and skin as well, for said reasons here at Herbon we provide natural dog shampoo that keeps their hair as shiny and silky as possible and do not represent a threat for their skin or eyes. Products made using petroleum and other chemical oils can be harmful and trigger allergic reactions in our beloved dogs, for this reason Herbon’s product are entirely made with herbal extracts, natural oils and plants found in nature. If you are looking for a natural dog shampoo that can help your pet have a healthier look, here at Herbon you will find the right solution.
Herbon is a proudly Australian owned and operated business with the sole purpose of being the leading providers of natural cleaning solutions for the entire family. Dogs are part of the family, and our natural dog shampoo provides a definite cleaning solution that is done according to the most demanding standards of pet care industry. Our natural dog shampoo is a very the most reliable option for people with dogs that suffer from allergies, in case your dog does not react well to strong smells you can try using our fragrance free natural dog shampoo and ensure there will not be any allergic reactions after the shower.
Our main purpose as providers of natural dog shampoo is to create a cleaning product that is compatible with all types of dog, nourish their hair in a natural way and does not irritate their skin. If

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.528467
Retrieved Text: "...Mixed day for Debra Medina's supporters: After several complaints that the Chronicle dared..."
"...Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison and more about Perry versus Debra Medina. But was this really unexpected? Let's take the..."
"...Ted Cruz outstays his welcome, Debra Medina thirsts for a solution, and Dan Branch enjoys..."
"...reports, both of them got beaten by (no, not Debra Medina) Democratic hopeful Bill White...."
"...Gov. Rick Perry, Perry took potshots at Hutchison, and Debra Medina threw haymakers at both. But now there's the..."
"...between Gov. Rick Perry, Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison and Debra Medina? Depends which campaign and which pet pollsters you..."
"...last week when Beck interviewed upstart GOP gubernatorial candidate Debra Medina on his radio show, and in the midst..."
"...the right by Libertarian Kathie Glass or maverick independent Debra Medina...."
"...Kay Bailey Hutchison has a bigger war chest. And Debra Medina's high media profile didn't transfer into big donations...."
"...Rick Perry, Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, and secessionist tea-bagger Debra Medina.” Now, doesn't that sound just a little bit..."
"...Rick Perry, Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, and secessionist tea-bagger Debra Medina, plus around 30 House primaries statewide – more..."
"...lifted). Next in the governor's race will be Republican Debra Medina, last seen getting national coverage for promoting Texas..."
"...with all of the candidates. Please correct your mistake: Debra Medina is not a secessionist – she supports state..."
"...Wayne Slater at the Dallas Morning News reports that Debra Medina (whose supporters still seemingly try to claim that..."
"...Kay Bailey Hutchison comes in with 33 percent, and Debra Medina is a single point ahead of "not sure"..."
"...This year's fringe right gubernatorial candidate Debra Medina

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.527924
Retrieved Text: Hi, Just wanted to take a moment to say hello and give you a quick update on Anka. She is doing great...so happy....this is a dog that absolutely loves life! She plays constantly, has our clients wrapped around her little paw, and is just full of life. We are still very happy with her. She does get a bit crazy now and then, but we expected that with the Jack Russel in her.
Anka graduated puppy classes and is now in the midst of her Intermediate classes. She is finding it a bit tough at times, but we have a great trainer who loves Anka and wants her to be successful. She will pass!
We have acquired a few pieces of agility equipment, and will be training her to do some of that as well to help with her energy level.
She has now overcome most of her fears that she came to us with. The only one we can't get past is the vacuum cleaner, but I think most dogs tend to be affraid of it, so I'm not worried about it.
Anka is such a blessing to us! We hope to stop by and say hello to you sometime this summer.
Thanks again for our sweet girl!
After a very emotional loss of their dog Mike and Barb were able to adopt a dog from NWKAS. This obviously did not take the hurt away from the loss of one of their best friends. However we know how much happiness this will bring you. We are so happy that we found

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: Context: Kendall worked the weekend at the steakhouse and made bank on tips.

Question: What will Kendall want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Save the money

B: get hired at the steakhouse

C: Quit her job

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.559492
Retrieved Text: It’s a small world after all down at the Coachella festival.
And while Ariana Grande no doubt had fun onstage when she brought out *NSYNC, perhaps it’s two supermodels who really made this trip a weekend to remember.
Oh yes, we’re talking about Hailey Bieber and Kendall Jenner.
With weekend one of the festival over, we’re taking a look back at their best moments in our gallery below.
“Gangs back,” Justin Bieber shared on Instagram when posting a photo of Hailey and Kendall enjoying night three of the Coachella Music Festival.
They start the festival together and end the festival together! On night one, Kendall and Hailey stayed close as the enjoyed the biggest hits from The 1975.
Style and comfort ruled at Levi’s annual brunch where Hailey worked denim jeans and a jacket. She completed her look with Vans sneakers.
Despite a jam-packed weekend, Kendall made it a priority to attend the 7th annual Bootsy Bellows Pool Party Presented by McDonald’s & PacSun. In addition to hanging out with Hailey, the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star was able to meet up with Gigi Hadid—when she wasn’t eating McDonald’s french fries, of course.
While attending Levi’s Party in the Desert, Hailey met up with Emily Ratajkowski and close Kardashian family friend Luka Sabbat. It’s a small world after all in the desert!
Safe to say these ladies know how to do Coachella right! Until next year—or next weekend! After all, Kanye West‘s Sunday Services is on the calendar.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.245548
Retrieved Text: From March 5–10 and continuing March 12–17, Dine Out Boston gives eager restaurant patrons the opportunity to indulge in prix fixe lunch and dinner menus from some of the area’s finest restaurants. A twice-yearly event, Dine Out Boston allows diners to sample the breadth and width of the Hub’s restaurant scene at special prices. So check out such stalwarts as Top of the Hub (pictured), Ye Olde Union Oyster House, Blu, Davio’s Northern Italian Steakhouse, Legal Sea Foods and Ruth’s Chris Steak House or sample newcomers like The Hourly Oyster House in Harvard Square and The Smoke Shop in Kendall Square without breaking the bank.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.72257
Retrieved Text: Local restaurant employees will receive some financial help from their employer after the eatery where they worked caught fire earlier this week.
LongHorn Steakhouse off Cox Road in Gastonia sustained heavy damage and won�t be reopened anytime soon, leaving 55 to 60 people without jobs.
Employees will be paid for any hours they were scheduled to work this week, according to LongHorn Steak spokeswoman Eric Jaeger.
Employees that work on tips, such as servers, will be paid an average of their earnings and tips based on the last 13 weeks of employment. Employees that don�t earn tips will receive their regular wage for hours worked based on what they were being paid during the last 13 weeks.
All employees have the opportunity to work at one of 10 neighboring Darden Restaurants, which is the parent company that owns LongHorn Steakhouse, Olive Garden and Red Lobster. Employees can work at five LongHorn locations, three Olive Garden restaurants and two Red Lobster restaurants in this region.
Jaeger said LongHorn remains �committed to the Gastonia market.� The company is in the process of working out whether they might rebuild in Gastonia. LongHorn leased the building, which is on land owned by Pearson Properties, which also owns the land that houses Gaston Mall.
If the restaurant is rebuilt, LongHorn would offer employees that worked at the Gastonia location a two-week bonus incentive to come back. The bonus pay is calculated the same way as the pay workers will receive for this week and for any appreciation pay.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.616472
Retrieved Text: It is hard to believe but Thanksgiving is already here! I stopped by Fox Baltimore this weekend to share my Thanksgiving tips & product recommendations to help you wow your guests at Thanksgiving. My tips include food and drink recommendations from Wonderdrink, Idahoan Steakhouse, and Yucatan Guacamole, before & after cleanup help from Ecos, and a few tips on ways to jazz up your Thanksgiving table and include your guests in on the fun! Check out my link below and below the video I’ve included a link to all my recs! Have a Happy Thanksgiving!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.549055
Retrieved Text: With 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home For Valentine S Day Kitchn Or 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home For Valentine S Day Kitchn Like 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home For Valentine S Day Kitchn In 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home For Valentine S Day Kitchn For 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home Valentine S Day Kitchn Front Image2 Random 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home For Valentine S Day Kitchn 5 44 Within Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home For Valentine S Day Kitchn TheKeg Website Banner Mobile Celebrate Together In 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home For Valentine S Day Kitchn 5 Best Tips For Cooking Steak 17 Like To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home Valentine S Day Kitchn Valentines Day For WordPress Promo Page 1024×673 All 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home Valentine S Kitchn IStock 649672132 Or 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home For Valentine S Day Kitchn Home Food2 At 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience For Valentine S Day Kitchn Tomahawk Beef Steak With Mushrooms Burrata And Sage Royalty Free Image 610816346 1545235839 Jpg Crop 1 00xw 0 758xh 0513xh Resize 480 Like 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home For Valentine S Day Kitchn Perfectsteak Featured Within 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home For Valentine S Day Kitchn Random 5 Tips To Bring The Steakhouse Experience Home For Valentine S Day Kitchn .
On this

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.342684
Retrieved Text: A video clip for quot;Are You Metal?quot; was released 11 October 2010. The whole album could be heard on Myspace a week before the physical release. Helloween. Storia del gruppo Gli esordi (19781986) Juegos de casino gratis tragamonedas katana storia degli Helloween inizi242; nel 1978 quando i due amici Kai Hansen e Piet Sielck erano entrambi chitarristi del holiday inn express council bluffs casino (Helloween) 1980.
' ' … Free Poker Hud at the CardsChat. com Online Poker Forum - Are there any services that offer an actually free hud not one with a free 30 day trial. Diese Diskografie ist eine 220;bersicht 252;ber big beaver tavern poker musikalischen Werke der deutschen Metal band Helloween. Den Quellenangaben zufolge hat sie in ihrer Karriere mehr als f252;nf Millionen Sone verkauft.
Helloween performing in 2006 in Nuremberg. From left to right: Sascha Gerstner, Butchs casino steakhouse stone bank Grosskopf, Andi Deris, and Michael Weikath, butchs casino steakhouse stone bank Daniel L246;ble in the back. Master Of The Rings.
Buy Sell or Trade your concert memorabilia. The No-Sell trope as used in popular culture. For whatever reason, some characters can ignore another character's powers. They might be immune to every kind … 2018 Top Ten Standings. The current Top Ten results by breed, organized alphabetically. Posted May 18, 2018 for events through April 22, 2018. Email UKC about 2018 Top Ten stdakhouse.
This is Girl. She is a 1 12 yr old spayed Dutch Shepherd. She is at butchs casino steakhouse stone bank FOAC Poker chips metal case Butchs casino steakhouse stone bank

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.24384
Retrieved Text: JASPER — Kendall (Humbert) Renner and her husband, Clint, spent some of the first moments of their marriage together surrounded by thousands of years of age and wisdom on Saturday.
After they were hitched at St. Raphael Catholic Church in Dubois, they elected to make a pit stop before arriving at the reception at the St. Anthony Community Center. Kendall has worked at the St. Charles Health Campus in Jasper for six years — she is currently a nurse at the facility — and knew she needed to see the residents on her big day.
About 40 seniors gathered in the health center dining hall to welcome the newlywed couple. Upon the Renners’ arrival, Kendall greeted attendees with smiles, hugs and thanks. The elders lauded her beauty and congratulated her sincerely. Kendall makes a difference in their lives daily, and the excitement and joy the residents felt for her Saturday afternoon was visible. Jerry Blount, an 80-year-old resident, arrived with tears in his eyes that fell throughout the Renners’ visit.
Renner greeted St. Charles Health Campus resident Jo Ellen Carrico at the center in Jasper on Saturday.
Kendall and Clint shared their first dance in a gathering room at the facility, ate a piece of cake, toasted with those in attendance, and then headed out.
Before they left, however, Sherri Byers, the location’s director of life enrichment, gifted the two a jar filled with successful marriage advice scribbled on cards by many of those in attendance.
Some were light-hearted, while others offered intimate tips to keep their love fresh for years to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.110357
Retrieved Text: Marshbar's Closet - Styling, Fashion and Celebrity Style | Kendall “Cannes” and Kendall DID!
22 May Kendall “Cannes” and Kendall DID!
The 2016 International Cannes Film Festival wrapped this weekend but it seems that couture gowns and lavish parties are at the forefront of conversations. Amidst the fabulous, flashy fashions, Kendall Jenner reigned supreme.
It goes without an argument that Kendall made every red carpet in Cannes her personal stage, demanding all eyes, and cameras, on her. Check out her highlighted moments.
Kendall gives an over-the-shoulder smize as she poses in a chic Elie Saab Haute Couture mini dress with a matching coat, accented with ostrich feathers on the cuff.
Kendall parties at the Magnum Doubles party in a one-of-a-kind asymmetrical half mini dress, half multicolored maxi by Versace. Pumps by Stuart Weitzman.
All that’s missing is a crown! Kendall’s statuesque frame is exquisite in this sheer dress by Roberto Cavalli. Her slicked-back hair and smoldering eye really gives this look a slam dunk crowning her Queen of Cannes.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.929922
Retrieved Text: Kendall State Bank is headquartered in Valley Falls and is the 209th largest bank in the state of Kansas. It is also the 5,154th largest bank in the nation. It was established in 1892 and as of December of 2018, it had grown to 16 employees at 3 locations. Kendall State Bank has a B+ health rating.
Additional Factors: Institutions with a small asset base, a short operating history, or negative return on equity can represent an instability risk beyond what their financial ratios indicate. Kendall State Bank has a low asset base.
Always verify rates and promotions with the bank or credit union. We are not Kendall State Bank; we are a rate comparison website and cannot provide official rates or promotions.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.89048
Retrieved Text: Kendall Downing joined our news team in January of 2014, just in time for a brutal Indiana winter. He grew up near Memphis, Tennessee and isn’t quite as accustomed to the cold, but he quickly learned how to dress in warm layers and use a scarf as more than an accessory.
Kendall is a multimedia journalist for FOX59 news at 10 and NEWSPOINT at 11, meaning he typically shoots, writes, and presents his stories on-air.
Weather’s been a big part of Kendall’s career. He’s covered catastrophic flooding in eastern Kentucky, as well as two deadly tornadoes while reporting in southern Illinois. You can even add a few Indiana snowstorms to the mix.
He most recently lived and worked in southern Illinois for WPSD-TV, the NBC affiliate in Paducah, Kentucky, where he won multiple awards for his photojournalism.
Kendall landed his first reporting job at WYMT-TV, the CBS affiliate in Hazard, Kentucky.
Kendall’s glad to be in Indianapolis where the folks are friendly, and sports is a big part of life. He’s an avid runner and a die-hard fan of the Tennessee Volunteers. You’ll probably catch him wearing orange often. He holds a bachelor’s degree from The University of Tennessee.
Tips? Great story ideas? Just want to say hello? Give Kendall a shout at kdowning@fox59.com.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.83101
Retrieved Text: "When Kourtney and I did NY, because I had that terrible cry face with that last marriage I had", she said, referencing her relationship with Kris Humphries.
She explained: "I just thought, "Holy s-t".
Kim Kardashian appeared on Watch What Happens Live last night, and dished all the family dirt to Andy Cohen. 'I don't know if Kendall was a part of her squad, I don't think she was, ' said Kim. "I don't think she was, is".
'I've actually been very fortunate to be able to work with such awesome girls, I've surprised myself and how hard I've worked to be able to be where I am, ' Rose told PEOPLE.
As for filing for divorce after just 72 days of marriage?
When Andy asked if they'd been in contact since, she said "No". The exes aren't on speaking terms since Caitlyn's tell-all book, "The Secrets of My Life", called out the Kardashian matriarch multiple times. The "Shake It Off" singer could be heard saying, "I really appreciate you telling me about it". My dad was really well aware, so when I was 14 he would teach me to drive his vehicle and made me go with my sister every weekend to watch her [at parties]. "Can you give us the real reason that she is no longer in your universe?"
When asked if she'd spoken to Taylor since then, Kim simply shook her head. And those are [daughters] Kendall and Kylie, that's their percentage.
"Happy three-year anniversary babe!", Kim shared on social media. However, last month, she told PEOPLE that she

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.601357
Retrieved Text: Comment (0) Coupon Codes Expires: Aug 18, 2018 Extra 10 OFF Pot Racks (Expired) Code: potracksavings Reveal Code Redeem this code and get extra 10 OFF Pot Racks for Your..
Posted on 09/23/2013 Today is the last day to take part in the Weekend Flash Sale at Maidenform. Posted on 02/28/2014, as far as we&apos;re concerned, a girl can never..
pork, chicken and Brazilian sausage as well as an extravagant salad area with a wide array of seasonal chef-crafted items. Steakhouse.6 km, perrys Steak House, sugar Land (TX 77478, United States. Some of the meats were even cooked poorly (lots of grissle, and chewy pieces). 2245 Texas Dr #400, Sugar Land, TX 77479 ( 547 meters prime 1 Car Care 16053 Lexington Blvd, Sugar Land, TX 77479 ( 618 meters chase Bank 2430 Hwy 6 S, Sugar Land, TX 77478 ( 725 meters). Choose location, palm Beach, ArubaBirmingham, AlabamaHuntsville, AlabamaIrvine, CaliforniaDenver, ColoradoWashington, DC, District of ColumbiaMiami Beach, FloridaJacksonville, FloridaSawgrass, FloridaHallandale Beach, FloridaFort Lauderdale, FloridaOrlando, FloridaDolphin Mall, FloridaPalm Beach Gardens, FloridaDadeland Mall, FloridaTampa, FloridaSchaumburg, IllinoisChicago, IllinoisLexington, KentuckyBaton Rouge, LouisianaDetroit, MichiganSt. Bar Grill, Steakhouse, Argentinian Restaurant.59 km, taisho 16100 City Walk, Sugar Land (TX 77479, United States.
Add information, about, texas de Brazil is a churrascaria, or Brazilian steakhouse, that features several cuts of flame-grilled beef, lamb, pork, chicken and Brazilian sausage as well as an extravagant salad area with a wide array of seasonal chef-crafted items. Claim this listing.38 km, tucanos Brazilian Grill 16535 Southwest Fwy Ste 2001, Sugar Land (TX 77479, United States. Steakhouse, Brazilian Restaurant.57 km, tierra del

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.992744
Retrieved Text: Bank of America Kendall Square branch operates as a full service brick and mortar office. For lobby hours, drive-up hours and online banking services please visit the official website of the bank at www.bankofamerica.com. You can edit branch details by clicking here if you believe the information is incomplete, incorrect, out of date or misleading.
Bank of America Kendall Square is open Monday to Friday and closed on Saturdays and Sundays. The branch opens at 09:00 in the morning. Working hours for Kendall Square branch are listed on the table above. Note that this data is based on regular opening and closing hours of Bank of America and may also be subject to changes. Please call the branch at 617-661-1070 to verify hours before visiting.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.839783
Retrieved Text: So Kendall banks are not lending as freely these days huh? The credit crunch that seized the New York economy recently is gone and they are starting to lend again. But even with this lending the economy is still reeling and headed for even more dire straits. If you are one of those in Kendall NY who is caught in its clutches and have debts piling up, you may want to think about Kendall consolidation loans.
Who has the best Kendall debt consolidation services?
Kendall consolidation services offer a way of taking multiple debts and taking them all and wrapping them together into one payment. So if you have 5 different Kendall loans, each with a different interest rate and length, a Kendall debt consolidation loan will pay these off and then you will be left with one Kendall loan with a total on the loan of all the paid off loans. The best part is that these types of Kendall consolidation loans typically have lower interest rates than the ones you are getting rid of.
What is the best place in New York to find Kendall credit consolidation lenders?
Search online for the best debt consolidation lenders in Kendall NY. The reason the best place to find Kendall debt consolidation lenders in New York is because you will be able to find the right Kendall lender for you. Your local Kendall banks may not specialize in the right Kendall consolidation loans for you or have New York lending standards that are too stringent. By searching for the best New

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.458456
Retrieved Text: Gibsons is THE Chicago Steakhouse. An evening out at Gibsons will include a fun and happening atmosphere with light entertainment, large portions of food and uncompromising service.
LongHorn Steakhouse restaurant serves the highest quality beef, ribs, chops, and more in an inviting western atmosphere. It’s more than just a great steak restaurant.
The primary focus of our WebSite is HYDRAULIC JACKS and related equipment - The different types, uses and capacities, along with their general history, manufacturers and tips on buying and care of.
The Golden Steer Steakhouse was founded in 1958. The Las Vegas Steakhouse is also known for the many famous and infamous customers. Make a Reservation today.
Dallas steak house, Y.O. Steakhouse, is an award-winning steakhouse located in downtown Dallas, serving steaks, wild game and fresh fish. 214-744-3287 Best restaurant in Dallas.
Mr. B's. A classic Italian Steakhouse featuring steaks, chops & seafood. The best ingredients & service creating an unparalleled dining experience.
Gene and Georgetti is the finest Chicago Steakhouse Restaurant operating since 1941. We are the best place to serve you steaks in downtown Chicago. Gene and Georgetti is the Downtown Chicago Steakhouse where Chicago gets its steaks!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.105965
Retrieved Text: Order a jar of our "The Steakhouse One" nutbutter now, and we'll send you for free (say what?!) one of our fave food pairings - our nutbutter + Brooklyn Biltong's Steakhouse grassfed beef jerky. It's a match made in heaven.
Reminiscent of that thick juicy steak you might have barbecued last weekend, this nutbutter explodes with flavor, but without the hassle of firing up the grill. No steak knife required.
Ingredients: Blanched Almond, Dry Roasted Peanut, Organic Paprika, Organic Garlic, Organic Thyme, Organic Mustard, Organic Black Pepper, Organic Cayenne, Himalayan Sea Salt, & Nuttin' Else.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.987858
Retrieved Text: David Kendall is a former bank manager for Barclays Bank who is now a very popular after dinner speaker at dinners all round the country and abroad.
He is Yorkshire born and bred – and proud of it! In the fifties, he was a chorister at York Minster and upon leaving school worked as a chartered accountant and for Rowntrees.
During this time, he played piano and guitar in a dance band and then a cabaret group.
In 1965, he joined Barclays and prior to early retirement in 1990, he was a manager of York University branch for five years. Hence the fact that most people on the after dinner circuit still refer to him as “the Bank Manager from York”.
He has spoken from Rotterdam to Rotherham and Denby Dale to Dublin – not to mention the Grosvenor House, the Savoy and the Café Royal.
David averages 40,000 to 50,000 miles as year driving to speaking engagements and has met dozens of sporting and political stars in his travels around the United Kingdom.
His cheerful manner and infectious laugh have brightened many a top table and his Northern roots are evident in the warmth of his style.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.828207
Retrieved Text: Has anyone here had a student or child play for a master teacher in a master class? My daughter is playing for John Kendall and any advice or tips from people who’ve had this experience would be much appreciated! Thanks!
Wow, Profcornelia, that is very exciting. I saw him do a lecture at the SAA conference two times ago. He was both funny and informative.
I think your daughter is very lucky to have this opportunity with such a well-known and important teacher.
I recommend that you videotape the masterclass, if he allows it. What a treasure that will be—historically and for retaining his lesson points. Also, take the best notes you can and just absorb everything he has to say.
Once a year I host a master teacher to work with my students for a weekend workshop, and I love it. First, I LOVE to see what they will choose to work on with my students, because they are coming with a fresh set of eyes and ears. It helps me be a better teacher, PLUS I make sure I follow up on their masterclass lesson points for weeks, sometimes months to really help each student get the most out of their experience. Second, it really helps the parents and students to get similar or different feedback from the master teacher, lets them know the Suzuki world is bigger than our community, etc. and exposes them to another person’s vast knowledge and experience. I think the students get a lot to think about in a short amount of time.
I

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.777803
Retrieved Text: NORTH BROOKFIELD � Priscilla Abby (Kendall) Waite, 92, of 38 Bates St., North Brookfield die Sunday at Bay State Mary Lane Hospital in Ware. Priscilla was predeceased by her husband of 56 years, Stanley S. Waite and also her sister, Elizabeth Norberg, brothers, David Kendall, Nelson Kendall and Calvin Kendall. She leaves two daughters, Carolyn J. Caille and her husband, Eugene V. Caille, Jr. of North Brookfield and Virginia A. Poirier and her fiance, Robert Skoczulek of Cape Cod and four grandchildren, Christopher Poirier, Laura Caille, Gregory Caille and Jaffrey Caille and his wife, Emily and a great-grandson, James and a brother, Parker Kendall of OR and three sisters-in-law, Ethel Kendall of Mass., Ruth Kendall of S.C., Eva Picerno and husband, Joseph Picerno of N.J. and many nieces and nephews. Priscilla was born in Gardner. She was the daughter of Nelson L. and Helen H. (Parker) Kendall. She was a 1933 graduate of Gardner High School. She worked at various establishments in the area prior to her retirement and enjoyed family and friends, travel, crafts, crocheting, cards, bingo, line dancing, gardening and baking. She was a past president of the NB Senior Club. The funeral will be held Wednesday, June 27, 2007 at 2:30 p.m. in the Pillsbury Funeral Home, 44 Gilbert St., North Brookfield. A calling hour will be held from 1:20 to 2:30 p.m. prior to the service. In lieu of flowers, Memorial contributions may be made to the Town of North Brookfield Council of Aging, 29 Forest St., North Brookfield, MA 01535 or

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.687683
Retrieved Text: Hey all! Man alive I have been junk at keeping up to date here for you!
New review of The Switch House up at Kendall Reviews!
4. New review of Greener Pastures up at Kendall Reviews!
I visited with my buddy Rob Derman on the weekend and we filmed for a vlog to be released soon discussing Dim the Sun, how we met and some words on following your passion!
< Previous Dim the Sun Release Announcement!
Apologies – no real blog post this week!
50th REVIEW FOR KENDALL REVIEWS!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.557415
Retrieved Text: The Alamo Steakhouse menu brings a western flare to its tables, with nothing but the best selections of choice cut 100% Irish meats, fish and produce and the ideal choice for dining in Wexford. Working with the finest ingredients, our Head Chef Dave Anderson has created a steakhouse menu masterpiece which embodies the traditions of the West. His passion and creativity ensure a wealth of unique and down-right delicious options which are sure to satisfy all tastes.
Based in the old woollen mill dating back to the 1700's, it is the ideal setting for this exciting and lively steakhouse and the old world charm of our restaurant in Wexford adds to its inviting character & atmosphere.
* Please Note: Booking in advance is highly advisable, especially on weekend nights. You can make a reservation by calling us on +353 (0)53 9237800.
Alamo Steakhouse MenuAt The Riverside Park HotelThe Alamo Steakhouse offering a wide variety of dishes.
Alamo Wine MenuAt The Riverside Park HotelBased in the old woollen mill dating back to the 1700's, it is the ideal setting for this exciting and lively steakhouse.
Kids MenuAt Riverside Park HotelCheck out our tasty kids menu at Riverside Park Hotel and keep the little ones entertained while you wait.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.48127
Retrieved Text: From Enrique Iglesias and Pitbull to Gabrielle Union making a stop in Miami Beach, it seemed like everyone was out and about in town over the past week in the Magic City.
While promoting her new book We’re Going to Need More Wine across the country, actress and New York Times best-selling author Gabrielle Union made a quick stop in Miami Beach. On November 8th, she enjoyed a girls night having a private tasting at one of sbe’s restaurants, Leynia, at Delano. Union dined with friends Alexis Stoudemire and Faith Haslem and was also seen chatting with sbe founder Sam Nazarian.
You know him from the viral video that hit the internet earlier this year and now he’s opened his first restaurant in the United States here in Miami. Nusr-Et, also know as “Salt Bae,” opened his new steakhouse in Brickell called Nusr-Et Steakhouse Miami. He was in town all weekend welcoming guests into his latest restaurant and taking plenty of pictures doing his famous meat-cutting.
Miami’s own Pitbull made his second trip back to Miami with Enrique Iglesias on their tour together on November 11th. This time, pop sensation Becky G joined them and sure gave Miami a show they would not forget.
If you are more of a night owl, you sure didn’t want to miss Cedric Gervais at LIV on Saturday, November 11th. Gervais kept the party going all night long. Like a true Miami-native, he made sure to give the people what they wanted and show guests what a Miami night out is all about.
No better

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.478477
Retrieved Text: NASCAR tailgating is no one-meal ordeal. Racing tailgaters commit to a long weekend filled hot-off-the grill delights for breakfast, lunch, dinner and post-dinner!
Filling your ice chest with a pack of rubbery hot dogs, bag of orange chips and a sad bologna sandwich is a rookie move that will have you gunning for your neighboring tailgater's grill. So don't be that guy! Fire up Steakhouse Elite all weekend--even for breakfast!
This Race Day Rise and Shine Burger has all the best parts of breakfast--bacon, eggs and toasted bread--but with a beefy twist good enough for the Daytona 500. Breakfast, lunch, dinner or in the concessions, there's always a #reasontoburger with Steakhouse Elite--on your grill, at your house, in the speedway or at your tailgate.
Before you leave for your race weekend, pre-prepare the shoe string hash browns and place in a tailgate-friendly plastic storage bag. Crisp the bacon and store in a tailgate-friendly container that will keep the bacon from from getting smashed (we recommend cutting the bacon into 2" pieces for easy storage).
When ready for your breakfast burger, light up the grill and grill your Steakhouse Elite Kobe-Crafted burgers to desired doneness and then top with American cheese.
Place four burger buns or English muffins on the grill to toast them up. Place BBQ-friendly skillet on the grill and pan fry four eggs over easy.
Tailgater Tip: Eggs can be hard to cook over a grill, so another option is to crack the eggs into a muffin pan over the grill and cook them over-easy that way. Or, make a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.31439
Retrieved Text: Donate to fight childhood hunger in the state.
Thanks to a generous offer from the Masonic Fraternity of Oklahoma, Lezlie and David Hudiburg, David Gorham and an anonymous donor, every donation to the Food for Kids Programs through September 30 will be matched – up to $150,000. To make a donation, visit foodforkids.us or call 405-600-3136.
Visit News 9 at the State Fair from September 13-23.
Join News 9 in fighting childhood hunger as the station raises donations for the Regional Food Bank’s Food for Kids Programs.
Sign up for the Students Against Hunger Food and Fund Drive.
It’s not too late for schools to participate in the 14th annual Students Against Hunger Food and Fund Drive. The drive runs from September 24 through November 16. For more information, or to sign up, call 405-600-3193. or email events@regionalfoodbank.org.
Volunteer at the Regional Food Bank.
It’s a fun, team-building experience for corporate groups, a bonding experience for families and a great way for church groups to come together and give back to the community. Volunteer times are available Monday through Saturday. To sign up visit regionalfoodbank.org/volunteer.
Subway steps up to fight hunger.
Through September 8, Subway will donate 20 cents from every Cubano sale to the Regional Food Bank.
Tune into Magic 104.1 KMGL from September 4-7 to learn how you can help fight childhood hunger.
Buy one to give two.
Through Sept. 30, B-WAP will donate three bags to the Regional Food Bank’s Backpack Program for every purchase made at B-WAP.com that uses the code “GIVETHREE.”. Typically for every purchase made on the website, B-WAP donates two bags.
Dine

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.311493
Retrieved Text: Dr. Kendall has a Ph.D. in Finance from the University of North Texas.
Dr. Kendall spent over 18 years with an energy database and consulting firm, progressing from analyst to vice president of the firm’s international consulting and forecasting practice. As VP of consulting, Dr. Kendall was editor and co-author of a series of coal and energy market studies and economic forecasts. Dr. Kendall is also an experienced qualitative market research professional, providing actionable analysis of focus group and in-depth personal interviews, primarily in the medical industry.
Dr. Kendall is faculty adviser of the Sigma Zeta chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
country-level liquidity effects on bond yield and underwriter fees.
Gu, J., Kendall, L., Groves, S., & Arellano, F., (2016) Book Chapter: Teaching Socially Responsible Investing in the Finance Curriculum for Teaching Ethics Across the Management Curriculum: A Handbook for International Faculty: Volume 2, Expert Business Press (Pedagogical Research).
Kendall, L, and W. Kendall (2016). Bank Failure Prediction and the Subprime Mortgage Crisis. (Applied Research) E-Journal of Business & Economic Issues, XI (III) available at http://www.subr.edu/index.cfm/page/125/n/159.
Kendall, L. and Arellano, F., TVM Inc. - A Dynamic Case Managing Working Capital, (Pedagogical Research), ABE/FEA 2015 National Conference– Fort Lauderdale, September 2016.
Kendall, L. and N. Rogers, Do MLPs Provide A Superior Return? Note anymore! (Applied Research), Southwestern Finance Association Annual Conference - Oklahoma City, May 2016.
Arellano, F. and Kendall, L., Teaching TVM Techniques in Sequential Phases Using Excel, (Pedagogical Research), ABE/FEA 2015 National Conference– San Antonio, September 2015.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.204956
Retrieved Text: Being Kendall Jenner, you'd pick up some incredible tips and tricks when it comes to beauty and fashion.
Luckily for us, she has decided to share one incredible hack with us about bronzer!
So, to avoid that, Kendall has told Vogue that instead of just bronzing her cheekbones, she uses a HUGE brush to cover her entire face lightly, and her neck.
After that, she uses the same bronzer as an eyeshadow!
Another incredible tip she shared, was that she only uses mascara on the roots of her lashes. This minimises that spidery affect at the tips of your lashes!
Watch her full tutorial below.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.129635
Retrieved Text: After dipping her toe in the waters of photography, Kendall Jenner now adds another job to her résumé — she’s becoming a radio presenter. Along with her DJ friend Daniel Chetrit, the It-model will be hosting a new Beats 1 radio show named Pizza Boys. An Instagram account of the program made its debut last month, and has swiftly gained traction among fans.
Dubbed “a living room pizza party,” Pizza Boys will see Jenner, Chetrit as well as special guest hosts discussing everything from music to friendship. According to Vogue, the pilot episode of the monthly program will follow Kendall to Coachella, where she will take the audience on “a musical journey that caters to all your various moods throughout this hectic weekend.” If the Instagram Stories that the model and her friends posted recently were any hints, she will be joined by the likes of Hailey Baldwin, Kaia Gerber, Simi and Haze, Luka Sabbat and more in the show.
In other news, Kendall has recently been tapped to front adidas Originals‘ new ARKYN sneaker campaign. Head here to see it for yourself.
10AM LA / 1PM NYC / 6PM LDN.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.108074
Retrieved Text: When you?re a member of the Kar-Jenner klan, a mere sentence gives birth to trends. And usually, they kick into high gear fast. The latest to make its mark–cow nails. Once supermodel Kendall Jenner revealed her hopes for an animal print manicure, we knew it was only days (possibly hours) until the design showed up on our Instagram feeds.
When most of us consider our next mani plans, we sort through new hues at the salon or consider an updated shape. Jenner decided to bypass both of those basic choices and go straight for standout art instead. And when we say cow nails, it’s exactly what you’re thinking minus the moo-ing: a stark white base with cow-spot black splotches scattered across the nail bed. And since patterned tips are totally in, you can expect to see modern, edgy and even eclectic versions of this nail look everywhere. ?I know that sounds really weird but it?s actually really cool,? Jenner shared with Allure. ?So we?ll see if that happens any time soon.? With the beauty industry at her fingertips, we wouldn’t be surprised to see this on a high fashion runway in 2019 either. As expected, Jenner is taking a more modern, yet youthful approach to picking her next nail design, unlike big sis Kim who has a penchant for #TBT-worthy tips.
Until we see Jenner showcase her moo-inspired tips, there’s already plenty of inspo to go around. Keep scrolling to see the designs we’re 100 percent taking to our nail tech this weekend.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.066471
Retrieved Text: By anwar. As well. Sisters kourtney kardashian, and double date together just taken a date night style. You'd think you know kendall jenner has also been linked to the brooklyn museum on a. On vacation in the midst who. Celtics during the upper ranks of june 5, 2018 in a double dating two. Lately, and rumoured boyfriend ben simmons and kendall jenner and double date night with her ex harry styles. ..
Interestingly, anwar hadid 2018. Nba. Jelena noura gigi hadid were dating australian nba star was dating nba playoffs at the midst of the six. Philadelphia. He is dating since last summer love triangle, despite obvious they were spotted with baggy pants and fashion week spring/summer 2019 on khloe kardashian's party. Although kendall jenner and rumored boyfriend ben is reportedly dating pro. Celtics during the midst of the best model kendall jenner are reportedly living with her fling in 2015-2016. Per page six.
They were dating philadelphia 76er ben simmons are definitely an unpretentious show barn called huntover. Jenner is reportedly dating nba player ben simmons at khloe kardashian's party. Per page six, 22, and double dating kendall jenner double dating kendall jenner began dating and blake griffin, going on a pepsi, italy. Sisters kourtney kardashianverified account kourtneykardash kim kardashian westverified account kourtneykardash kim kardashian, italy. Reality tv personality and im sure tinashe won't leave him alone. Crack open a fling with her. Lately, but confirmed their boyfriends, going on kendall jenner made a date between the upper ranks of. Fifi fev byron - thank you think

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.945444
Retrieved Text: Artango Bar and Steakhouse celebrates Father's Day weekend with a distinct retro flair.
Friday June 16 through Sunday June 18, Artango will offer a 16-ounce bone-in French-cut Ribeye, served with maitre d' butter, flambéed table-side with mezcal, for just $39. In addition, all weekend-long, enjoy Artango's authentic Prohibition-era Daisy Cutter Martini for just $10.
On Friday June 16, from 8pm to 9pm, Artango transports guests to the golden age of Buenos Aires with the Sabor a Tango Show featuring Argentine Tango, music and folklore.
Artango Bar and Steakhouse, 4767 North Lincoln Avenue, Chicago, 872-208-7441.

================



======= Instance Index 8 =========
Input Text: Context: Quinn wanted to help me clean my room up because it was so messy.

Question: What will Quinn want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Eat messy snacks

B: help out a friend

C: Pick up the dirty clothes

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.813587
Retrieved Text: Guys, I wanted to share with you a truly wonderful book I'm reading - not only an immense practical help, but also very freeing from housekeeping guilt and shame.
Beaming mama to Sumo since 2010.
Addicted to , curry and my Kindle.
I need to be part of this thread. I'm a messy.
In general, I'm ok with that. I'm ok with things when my house is cluttered but *safe*. I'm ok with having a house that looks like people live in it and USE it. I'm ok with my stove being dirty b/c I cook on it 3+ times a day. I'm ok with a semi-permanent scattering of toys set up in my daughter's room b/c "mommy, that's my tea party for my imagination friends. And that's my che-nickel set where I make my che-nickels. And this is the house we made for Nora's babies. And..." I'm ok with not being the kind of person who dusts regularly.
What I'm not ok with is regularly paying late fees because bills we *can* pay got shuffled into a stack of mail we were avoiding. I'm not ok with things being lost or broken or being replaced unnecessarily because we couldn't find them, or they were in the way, or they got broken because they were poorly cared for. I'm not ok with not teaching my kids *how* to clean, or *why* it's good to clean. I'm not ok with the adversarial relationship I have with cleaning. I'd like to make it work FOR me instead of AGAINST me.
Most of all, I'm

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.504177
Retrieved Text: Hey friends! I hope ya'll are having a great week!
I wanted to jump right in today after talking a few weeks back about how we were looking for a new sofa for our living room. Don't get me wrong, our Ikea Ektorp has been so so good to us, but we bought it USED almost 6 years ago and well..she's seen some better days. It was always meant to be a "temporary" piece of furniture in our home, we always knew we were going to wait until the babes were just a tiny bit older to by something a little sturdier. Now that the kids are almost 6 and 16, I feel like it's the perfect time to invest in something new!
I did a little poll on (instagram) a few weeks ago asking for your sofa suggestions. There were 3 that were talked about to me REPEATEDLY. But first, I wanted to talk about my sofa "requirements"..
1. I need it to be COMFORTABLE, and wide. The Ikea ektorp is great but it's not very wide. If Nick and I want to lay side by side on the sofa, we have to remove the back cushions so we can both fit comfortably.
2. I need something that's easy to clean. Having removable and washable covers has it's strong points.. I love that I can wash the covers as needed, but taking them on and off can get a bit annoying. I need something that's stain resistant and that can easily be cleaned when things get messy. We live

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.658813
Retrieved Text: 1. The floors are NEVER clean. And if they are clean, then something else is horribly filthy.
My mom says ‘as the floor goes, so goes the house’ or something like that in regards to cleanliness and I agree. If my floors are clean my whole house feels much cleaner. Unfortunately, clean floors don’t show up so well in photos so they aren’t always a priority for me.
The first time a magazine came to photograph my house I paid an embarrassing amount of money to have my house professionally cleaned. The second time a magazine came to my house I spent an embarrassing amount of time making sure the house looked just the way I wanted–because that’s what the camera sees. Hurt me.
Clean floors are my arch enemy, my nemesis, my achilles heel, the bane of my existence. If I do somehow get the downstairs floors all clean on the same day, you can guarantee there will be some other sort of household cleaning disaster that will balance out the cleanliness equilibrium in our home. I was not meant to live in a sparkling clean house.
2. White slipcovers look 50% cleaner in photos.
In real life this chair looks like Pig-Pen lived on it. With his brown dog. For a year. In a cave. While eating SpaghettiOs. Online it just looks dingy. And I was even TRYING to get a photo of the dirt/dog hair/filth. White slipcovers are quite photogenic.
I’m very open that my house is lived-in and loved-on, as it should be. And I’ve showed you my

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.434036
Retrieved Text: Have you ever watched one of those clean house shows on TV? I'm speaking of the ones where a team goes in, cleans out all the junk in one or two rooms, has a big yard sale and then redecorates the once messy rooms. I watched one such show a few weeks ago and laughed so hard that it hurt, not because the mess was so funny, but because the two people in the show were holding on to their junk like some of the members of my family. No one wants to throw anything away, sadly, me included. It was funny, but I had a sense of guilt as I thought of the growing pile of junk in the room once dedicated to be my music room.
Today, I put my foot down and told my youngest daughter that she could not play with her friend until her room was clean. Feeling a bit guilty because I've spent more time in here typing blog pages and reading news articles than keeping after her mess, I volunteered to pitch in and help. One thing led to another, and before I knew it, I was tearing into the mess in the "music room", my other daughter is rearranging her bedroom, and my youngest was still digging through the mess in her room. I think we need some of those experts to come and help us out!
As much as I dislike sorting through messes (that's probably why things get so bad), I believe it is a good thing now

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.367424
Retrieved Text: Anne-Quinn Furniture is a fantastic supplier of unique, well made, and absolutely beautiful hand crafted furniture! We are so thrilled to have found this company online, and just received our Canadian custom made solid wood furniture for our kitchen. Working with Anne Quinn from day one was a great experience. They took the time to listen to what we were looking for, were patient during multiple appointments, offered us a variety of different options, and then allowed us to truly customize every piece exactly how we wanted them. They were both meticulous in capturing all of the design details and the end result is a gorgeous table that will not only last us a lifetime, but will also look fabulous at the same time. Worth every penny and well worth the wait. Thank you Brian and Christine for helping us get our dream and designer furniture! We LOVE everything!
Thank you Anne Quinn for the beautiful new dining room table and chairs we ordered for our condo. You are both so pleasant to deal with and I truly appreciated your patience with the delivery. I will be sure to pass along your names to my friends as there isn’t a better “deal in town”!
We wanted high quality real wood furniture with a timeless look for our modern home. From beginning to end our experience with Anne-Quinn furniture was exceptional. They worked with us to find the perfect pieces for our home, and personally came to ensure the pieces were properly assembled. Their prices are very reasonable and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.354538
Retrieved Text: Hello everyone! Before we get started with the tips, I just wanted to warn you, the blog may be going private for a day or two because I am redoing the design (almost all by myself!) I also redid my "About" page so I invite you to check that out. Let's get into the post!
In this second picture I have this tray that I got from my aunt from Bangladesh. I keep tape, glue, scissors, and gum in this tray.
Tip 2: For small spaces, keep all your beauty items in one part of your desk.
I also keep all of my purses and jewelry down here, it just keeps everything organized because I have a very small room and I cannot fit a dresser.
Tip 3: Have pen cups to organize all of those pens and pencils and magazine files to keep all your journals and magazines.
My pen cups, blue pens, and magazine holders are all from Poppin. I love Poppin, they have great products for desk organization and office supplies. I use my magazine file to hold my journals and fave magazines.
That's all the tips I have for today but I wanted to say that Livy is having a giveaway which you can find here! Also, don't forget to enter my giveaway here!
Thanks for some more oranizing tips! I hate when my desk is messy so I try to keep it clean and neat!
You are welcome! I hate it when my desk is messy too!
Oooh new tips. I'm obsessed with organisation. Your desk looks so organised and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.26278
Retrieved Text: My mama raised me far better than this, but my messy apartment says otherwise. Don’t get me wrong, the dishes are clean, the bathroom is sanitized and the food in the refrigerator hasn’t expired (yet).
There are always a few places that I keep hidden because I just never get to cleaning them. Good luck finding my favorite sweater underneath the ten piles of clothes in my bedroom and make some room in the car because most likely you’ll be surrounded by candy wrappers, old receipts, and that sweater that I can’t find in my room.
But I have other messes in my life that you can’t see with the naked eye. My life is a little messy too. I dread waking up for work every morning because I feel completely worthless at my job, I feel unloved by my father who has neglected me after divorce and I feel like I am wasting so much untapped potential for greatness.
Then one day I met Star Hanson.
One day I got a text message from my long-time friend Andrés. Andrés is no ordinary man — not only is he the childhood best friend of my boyfriend, he’s a comedian, loving husband, life-long traveler and a man who doesn’t believe in the word “impossible”.
He reached out to me to invite me to support him in a speech he was giving for TEDxTucson. Impressed and inspired, of course, I wasn’t going to miss it for the world. So I set my alarm for 5:30 a.m., packed up my (messy) car and headed

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.2539
Retrieved Text: SEARCHING FOR CONTENTMENT ON MY WAY TO…SOMEWHERE.
My Zen Habits list that’s taped to my fridge. So far…so good.
cabinets open when I’m cooking (it makes grabbing something much faster!) I struggle to make my bed every day. I know that I’m messy, and I have been since I was a kid. And when I clean my house, which I love to do, the messiness irritates me. It takes me SO LONG to put things away! Or I wake up in the morning to dirty dishes because I was too lazy to clean them the night before. So when I was contemplating my first habit that I wanted to start/stop, this one shot to the top of the list.
Updated to add: This is when I know the universe is talking to me. I just got this Nerd Fitness (if you don’t know Nerd Fitness…go read it. Do it now!) post in my email, which linked to yet another Leo Babauta blog post. Why do I bother wasting more time than I need to because I’m a lazy bum? Madness!
Erin and Nate are getting married!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.246365
Retrieved Text: Howdy, friends. Just wanted to hop on real quick like and RAVE about my blog's new look. You likey? I LOVEY. My friend Quinn created this fantastic new design and I could not be happier with it. Quinn has two of the prettiest and most darling little girls you will ever lay eyes on. She also happens to be Carney's sister. Carney, Quinn and the girls have pretty frequent play dates and my Lillian and Quinn's Ellington have become fast friends. So, hop on over to Quinn's blog and check her out because she's amazing.
Our weekend was pretty low-key, and I sadly don't really have any photos of our happenings. Friday was our 5th wedding anniversary. My mother- and father-in-law were nice enough to volunteer to come into town to watch the kiddies so that Dan and I could have an evening out. We ate dinner at Mandolin and then tried a new dessert spot, Bittersweet. Both were delicious and did not disappoint (and Bittersweet was also very trendy, it almost made me feel young again HA!). We also used Uber so that neither of us had to drive = double score. We'd used the service before in NY, DC, ATL, etc. but it's new to Raleigh. Definitely sign up if you haven't checked it out!
On Saturday, we packed up the kiddies and headed downtown to spend the morning at artsplosure, which is always a lot of fun. My in-laws hit the road at nap time and we spent the rest of the day picking up

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.02754
Retrieved Text: This selfie with messy room goes viral and makes Twitter blow up.
This woman posted what she thought was an innocent selfie. And then Twitter blew up.
In a digital realm of selfies and social media, it doesn’t take much talent or intent to become a worldwide phenomenon for the most fleeting of seconds.
A Twitter user who goes by the name of Alyssa, from Louisiana, USA, is well-versed in this fact. After posting what appears to be a fairly innocent selfie at first glance, she has been the sole catalyst for Twitter blowing up and users losing their minds. At her messy room.
After uploading a mirror selfie of herself before heading out for the night, Alyssa captioned the photo, “going to dinner because I needed an excuse to wear this”.
Before long, the image had been re-tweeted more than 4,000 times and liked more than 10,000 times. The majority of the attention, however, was directed at how particularly messy her room was behind her.
“Good lord look at that room. I pray for whoever marries you,” one user wrote.
Another just took matters into their own hands, photoshopping her body into another, clean room.
And other users were absolutely convinced they had found at rat amongst the clothes.
Despite the attention, Alyssa was amused at her momentary viral fame and suggested that the room in question wasn’t even hers.
“My brother is gonna [sic] be so impressed when I tell him I’m a meme. He’s never gonna [sic] clean his room again,” she wrote.
My brother is gonna be so impressed when I tell him

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.648197
Retrieved Text: Someone once told me that I would be perfect if I could keep things clean. And while that's definitely not true, it is a testament to just how sloppy and messy I have been at many times in my life.
For a long time, I thought that if I wanted the house to be clean, I had to be busy all the time. Now, between three kids, some health issues, and being—you know—human, that's only possible on a perfect day and with a boatload of caffeine. Turns out, though, that a clean person can take some time for self-care instead of just home-care. In fact, it's very important if you don't want to burn out!
I guess I always had this idea that when things are clean, they stay clean. I also think, subconsciously, that I believed that if I were truly a clean person, I'd put everything away immediately after use. I'd wash every dish as soon as it had been used (more on that later) and, I dunno, put away each piece of laundry as it came out of the dryer? But unless you are some kind of glutton for punishment, that's so impractical. Clean people make piles. They do. They just put the piles away. My problem was always making a pile and leaving it there. It's okay to put the pile away more than once, but you also don't have to put each thing away individually. Balance.
For a minute, I thought that if I wanted things to be clean, I would have to get

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.56135
Retrieved Text: I feel really silly writing this post. Let me make one thing crystal clear: I am not claiming to have it figured out or have it all together. I AM A MESS. Always have been. Probably always will be. However, something has happened in the last 3-4 months... call it growing up, turning 30, or even just getting sick and tired of living that way... I don't know, but something happened and I'm going to write about it. And maybe, somewhere out there, there's a girl who is a little bit like me that could see that even us lazy, messy people can rise above our tendencies and make a little bit of progress.
2. I should also say that twice a month a lovely woman comes to my house and cleans. She cleans toilets, showers, floors, kitchen, dusts, etc. Just wanted to make sure you all knew that I acknowledge that I do, indeed have help.
3. My husband is actually very helpful around the house, especially when it comes to cleaning the kitchen. He's awesome like that.
Okay, with all of that being said.... here we go.
Over the years, I've had a few cleaning sprees where I kinda go nuts and get stuff cleaned and accomplished, but after a few days it would dwindle again. I'd leave dirty dishes in the sink, there would be a mountain of laundry that seemed insurmountable.... there was just STUFF everywhere. I've never kept a dirty home (filth, dirt, stinky-ness) but there definitely have been seasons where things just don't get

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.500633
Retrieved Text: Today Jill Krause from Baby Rabies inspired me with her photo challenge. I read her post and nodded, I often post very nice photos of my kids but people don't get to see the 'big picture'. This above is my Slice of Perfect, I chose to crop out our messy kids/homeschooling/guest room after I've pretty much let them make a mess and move things around.
This morning they woke up and Baby E shouted she wants to 'do school'. Our normal educational activities are nothing like school, but this time she wanted me to use the whiteboard and wanted to have 'school desks'. You can see that below. As we were doing math, we heard the beeping sound outside and my 2 year old exclaims, "Excavator!" It actually was one, and they were both so excited! They've been watching the excavator dig a whole for the past half hour.
Less obvious in the photo is our ceiling that has leaked almost every winter. It's been fixed, painted over, and leaked on again because of ice build up on the roof. Boxes of legos, rocking hourse, exercise ball, dollhouse, just a typical play room. Notice the Christmas lights hanging. It's mid-April. They don't want to take them down!
So there you have it! My Slice of Perfect. It reminds me of having to choose daily to enjoy the 'perfect' moments among the really messy daily reality of motherhood. Otherwise we would all go crazy.
You can tweet and Instagram your #SliceOfPerfect and #MessyReality photos to join in on the Baby Rabies

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.459644
Retrieved Text: I had the classic childhood bedroom with the “path from the bed to the door.” The rest of the room was covered in toys and clothes. I usually knew where things were that I needed. I had a sort of spacial memory based location system that seemed to work in my head. It wasn’t pinpoint accurate but it would always get me to the correct quadrant of the room to start sifting through. The worst thing that could ever happen would be my mom putting something “away.” I would have no idea where to start looking.
Very efficient, but such a system does not allow Biff to keep a TV in his room.
And I’m going to go with Old Movie Week. Yesterday was A Christmas Story, today is Star Wars IV.
It’s a stretch, but it’s original.
Oh yeah, my bedroom too. I’m thinking household chores.
If this is truly Old Movie Week, tomorrow has to feature Biff running away from a giant boulder for some stupid reason.
What I loathed most, and I’m sure some people will know exactly what I mean… Was when something would get genuinely lost. Everyone would go “See? SEEEEEEEE?!?! You shouldn’t have everything laying around! This way, things get lost!” I would then proceed to list what I’ve lost in a given amount of years (good memory, mine)… Which would invariably be a very short list. Most people lose more stuff than I do… Or spend hours per month looking for the same item over and over… Which is a problem I don’t have.
No Sir…I

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.458366
Retrieved Text: This past week we have had some amazing weather here in Maryland! I’m so excited we’re finally able to get outside and enjoy the sunshine and heat! In a house with kids, that means getting dirty. To me, that’s what being a kid is all about. Getting messy means you’re having fun!
Our boys are messy! No doubt about that. That’s fine by me though, especially when it comes to playing outside!
It hit 80º this week and we finally made it out back to play with all our outside toys! We made it to the store to get play sand to fill up their sandbox with clean sand for the year, but that’s about as far as the prepping has gotten. The lawnmower hasn’t wanted to start this year, so it’s kind of a weedy jungle out there and the swingset hasn’t been cleaned yet. Don’t worry though, that won’t stop these boys from playing!
The back of this car was absolutely disgusting. And of course, Owen had to play in it and then rub it all over himself. That’s what boys (or any kid really) are going to do. I’m not going to stop him from having fun and exploring just because I don’t want him to get dirty.
I have all free clear to help me take care of those dirty clothes when they’re done playing. We actually use all free clear with OXI because we need all the cleaning power we can get. What I really love is that I get all the gentleness of all

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.405155
Retrieved Text: Since my daughter was a baby, I’d often dress us alike or in color coordinated. Now that she’s almost five, it melts my heart that she wants to dress alike and will request that we do. Though, in my opinion, she resembles her father more than she resembles me, I am so flattered that she wants to be just like me. We do have similar mannerisms and personality traits. Many people often tell me that I am a caring and thoughtful person. These are attributes I clearly see in her.
Of course, I would never intentionally try to make my daughter a carbon copy of me. I simply want her to learn from me and always put forth her best effort. It am, however, flattered that my sweet girl looks up to me and wants to be my twin.
Score! My Preschooler Wants to do Chores!
“Mommy, can I help you clean? What chores do you think I can do?” my four and a half year old asked me. I asked, “What chores do “you” think you can do?” My daughter quickly responded, “I can dust, clean tables, rinse out my dishes. I can do anything you need me to do, Mommy!” Since my daughter was a little over a year, she’s express interest in helping out around the house and doing chores. She would grab her little broom to help sweep, and at three she was asking to help with the dishes.
“I want chores to do too, Mommy,” Quinn says quite frequently as she sees me folding the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.949356
Retrieved Text: I hope so because otherwise I’m going to feel pretty lonely over here in what-the-hell-happened-to-my-creativity land.
When you’re marketing your business a creative lull is no fun. Maybe you Google for the latest list post: 10 Things To Write About When You’re Stuck For Blog Ideas. Maybe you fall back on something tried and true. Or worst of all, maybe you do nothing. Your content production wheel stops.
Are People More Creative In Messy Spaces Or Tidy Spaces?
As a chronic organizer, I’m one of those people who can’t seem to start writing an email or building a client website until the paperwork is filed and the thumbtacks sorted into boxes by color. Some people call that procrastination. I like to think of myself as egregiously neat.
So when I started reading the article on the subject I thought for sure we were going to hear more about the whole “clean space, clean mind” thing.
And yet that’s not what Kathleen and her team found. Instead, they found that given equal tasks under equal conditions, people in a “messy” room produced more creative ideas and solutions than people in a “clean” room.
And it isn’t just her. Other independent studies bear out the same result. We think more creatively and innovate more in a messy space. And while being tidy has its place (it can be better if we’re doing something that requires focus on a specific process), your inner five year old should be rejoicing right now because you have permission not to put that pile of papers away.
To be fair,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.700647
Retrieved Text: My son asked me what I had done last weekend that made it such a good one. I told him I’d done what I wanted to do. He laughed at this, because he knows that is a new thing for me. My weekends used to be full of grandchildren living in the house. Understand that I love my grandchildren with every ounce of my being, but when they lived with us, it was always noisy, it was mostly always messy, and hubby and I had very little privacy. It was different than how we had planned our lives, for sure.
When our daughter and grandsons moved out last year, it was difficult at first. We have always felt a great responsibility to the boys, and loud or not, we missed them. Then they would come over for a while and we couldn’t remember why we had missed them so badly (!). Quiet is such an underrated thing!
Last Saturday, before my husband even got out of the bed, I had the bathroom clean, the kitchen clean and swept, the dining room table cleared of the week’s mail, a load of clothes washed and dried, and his breakfast cooked. I loved it! I did a few other things around the house and then I quit for the day. I did what I wanted to do.
Later, when hubby returned from the church office, we went out shopping and to dinner. And we were back in our house and settled into our cozy chairs for the evening by 6:30pm!
Not every weekend

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.517115
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time, I was a little girl, and my room was this one area of the home that belonged to me. Like all toddlers, I spend a tremendous amount of time improving the wallpaper with a bunch of crayons and the fierce determination to rival Jackson Pollock. A drive my parents never quite understood until I started pasting bits of paper and doodled with lipsticks (I had no choice, they confiscated all the legit art supplies).
As I grew up, I went from being a typical messy kid, who ended up sharing my room with my little sister for a while. When I was 10, the time to move out of the kids bedroom came, because not only did I have a later bedtime, I also started to really clash over the mess in our room. My sister was a messy and happy to remain so girl while I suddenly started really taking care of my space, and my belongings.
Fortunately, our flat had a spare room that my parents turned into a Study, complete with a book shelf, and armchair.
That room was about half the size of the one I shared with my sister, but I was really really happy to have my own space.
The only problem of that room was that it was the poster child of 70's home decor and 30 years after first moving in, I am still fairly traumatised by my parent's style choice.
The room had a bright wall to wall orange carpet, and a zig zag pattern wallpaper in various

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.391079
Retrieved Text: Last summer I tried “gardening”, which to me was buying a hanging flower pot and promptly killing it.
Then my mom bought me another one.
I killed that one too.
So this summer everyone was a little skeptical about the idea of me spending money on plants.
It all started when I read that having green plants in the house can lower anxiety so I went out and bought a $5 one at Walmart. I was obsessed with it. I watered it (probably too much) and opened the blinds so it got sunshine.
Then my mom took me to a local veggie market that has opened in our town and they were selling Strawberry plants! My daughter loves Strawberries! As in she would eat them every day for every meal. It was only $10 so I picked it up with the promise we would have Strawberries soon.
That is when I decided I wanted to make our front porch into a garden. So I went to our local gardening center. If your town has a local center please shop there. Support your local business.
I found a nice employee who showed me to the hanging plants that were half shade/half sun. I picked one out and then the trouble began.
This is when I casually mentioned that we had a lot of mosquitoes and I had heard there was a plant that kept them away. I picked one of those out and then started walking to the exit when I saw the tomato plants. I LOVE tomatoes. And it was only $4.99! I couldn’t

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.383413
Retrieved Text: When it comes to dying my hair I'm very much a DIY kind of girl, here is how I used Schwarzkopf Live Colour to achieve my Harley Quinn-esque hair.
I'm constantly on the hunt to find the best dyes for bright or pastel colours. Many I have experienced haven't had quite enough colour pigment or haven't lasted long enough to warrant the effort that goes into it. This is the first time using this particular brand and I must say I was very impressed, the two colours I opted for were '093 Shocking Pink' and '095 Electric Blue.' Both colours came out exactly how they look on the box and despite being semi permanent seem to be lasting a lot longer than a lot of other dyes I've used. What really impresses me about these dyes is that they include multiple sachets of conditioner so that you have the option to make the dyes more pastel to suit your taste without having to use up all of your own conditioner.
I opted for a mixed dip dye look, one side is pink and the other is blue. In order to create this look I parted my hair evenly down the middle and put my hair into bunches, placing the hair band where I wanted the dye to end. I opted to do the dip-dye quite high up on my hair, but that's because I have quite long hair and liked the way it looked. Where you wish to end the dye is your own personal preference. One of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.367788
Retrieved Text: If you follow my Facebook page, you’ve probably seen my “keepin’ it real” photos. First, I posted my lovely dining room, in all it’s messy glory. The response from you awesome followers of mine was overwhelming. You thoroughly enjoyed seeing my imperfect house, and SO many left comments, like “Thank GOD!!” or “this makes me so happy” or “wow, you’re normal like the rest of us!” or “you have no idea how good this makes me feel, to know your house isn’t perfect.” And it felt so good to know that people felt better about themselves, and their homes, by seeing mine in its reality. So I thought I’d devote an entire post to the real ND house. If I can make people feel better by airing my dirty laundry (literally!), then by all means, I will do it!
I have spent time straightening, aka throwing all the kids’ coloring books, lego masterpieces, dressups, etc. into a massive pile in the kitchen. I have dusted and vacuumed, and made sure everything is just so. I spend a lot of time working on these projects, and I want it to come across as pretty as it can be. I want to show my readers some lovely pictures.
Yep. There she is. Is it pretty? Nope. Clean? No way. (Those are SHOES on the dining room table, in case you missed that). Is it real? 100%. I used to mirror Monica Gellar (any Friends fans out there?) in her freakishly clean ways. Then I had a kid. Then I had

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.310753
Retrieved Text: Need encouragement in your housekeeping journey? Join our Facebook group here and sign up for the 2017 Clean and Declutter Challenge!
Every morning I dealt with the same, old thing. I just could not get my kids to get it together. They would get up out of bed and sort of meander around the living room. They usually wanted to watch TV. They wanted breakfast. No one was getting dressed. It didn’t take me long to realize we desperately needed a morning and evening routine to help our days run smoothly.
I decided to create morning and evening routine cards to get my kids in the habit of beginning and ending our days. The routine cards tell them exactly what to do, so they not only accomplish every thing in order, but they also gain independence because they get everything done without you hovering over them.
This is how we use the morning and evening routine cards.
I put one of the older children in charge of the cards. When not in use, I hang the card pack in my kitchen command center. Depending on what time of day it is, I give that child the appropriate card pack.
That child looks at the first card. We begin our day by making our beds, so he makes sure to remind everyone to get their beds made.
The next thing on the list is to get dressed, so he once again reminds everyone to get dressed.
Next on the list is eating breakfast. Toddlers are messy eaters!
After we eat breakfast we brush our teeth,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.235151
Retrieved Text: Sunday, October 12, 2014 .
As most of you know, I have been in the styling photography world for 25 years (that makes me a dinosaur). I worked in the industry when the word “stylist” was unknown; there were not many of us, and we worked in the dark (literally and figuratively). It was way before social media followed our every move. I love social media, and as you know, I am obsessed with Instagram.
I love it because I feel so much more in touch with trends, and the trends are much more immediate as people are inspired by each other within moments of seeing each other’s work. After all, trying to learn the latest “looks” when you’re stylist is part of the job. Instagram is a fantastic stylist tool.
Styling trends were not a thing many years ago. Everyone operated in their own creative bubble. Plus servicing clients and their visual needs was first and foremost. A stylist needed to be able to be super versatile, and implement many styles since clients all wanted different looks.
My theory is Gourmet Magazine started the “dark still life” trend. They introduced this ground breaking imagery right before they shuttered in 2009. I remember thinking that the dark and messy stylized imagery was amazing, and so different from all the other food magazines in print at the time.
Then Australian Photographer/Stylist Katie Quinn Davies, “What Katie Ate,” took dark and messy to the next level and was mimicked by nearly everyone, including me, over the past 3 years.
I talk a lot about

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.149466
Retrieved Text: Really, it’s laughable. My house is by far not “so clean.” But I get it, I think. I’ve always been a person who doesn’t like a lot of clutter and mess. When I was little and my sister and I lived with our mom, I can remember my sis having the junkiest of all rooms, and mine, while full of stuff, was usually pretty tidy. After our mom died, we lived with our dad and step-mom, and she (my step-mom) further ruined coached me. Seriously, she’s a cleaning fanatic, and we learned how to keep a clean house whether we liked it or not. Can I be honest and say I hated it as a teenage girl, but now I am thankful for all that she taught me?
How do we keep the appearance of clean?
I say the appearance of clean because that’s what it is. My life is messy, and so is my house, as I talked about before, but we have gotten good at making it appear nice.
We put stuff away. Almost everyday before rest time we pick up toys and books and just generally straighten up the house. Every night before bed, we pick up again, making sure that things (most things anyway) find their way back to their places. It makes a huge difference, and it takes 15 minutes–tops. Trust me, we know because we set the timer. Otherwise, wayward four-year olds become even more wayward.
We purge continually. The other big thing is that over the years, we have purged and purged and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.095753
Retrieved Text: We’ve been living in our Virginia farmhouse for a little over 2 years now, and it’s been such a joy turning this house into our home. Last July, we turned our bedroom into a relaxing haven! Despite my desperate attempts over the past several months, our bedroom inevitably became the home to everything else in our home that didn’t have a home. Anyone else with a small house have this problem? I’m constantly hiding things away – things I think I need at my fingertips but don’t want to display downstairs (like boxes of diapers, extra blankets, paperwork, old magazines, etc.) – in our room. And if I fall behind on the laundry folding (as you may have seen on snapchat), a mountain of laundry appears every once in a while, too.
This time of year always inspires me to clean, organize, and start fresh! I’ve been going through all the rooms in our house and purging. It feels so good! For our master bedroom, I focused on a few simple measures to make the room feel new & inspiring.
This was a big one for me…I’ve been eyeing this linen bedding for a while, and really wanted to try it out! I partnered with Smart Bedding for this bedroom refresh, and cannot be more excited to share with you about our new linen bedding. It’s perfect (no joke). At first, Joe was skeptical of using linen bedding, but he’s been converted (and was after our first night)! Smart Bedding has designed the most beautiful, functional, and comfortable

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.01323
Retrieved Text: The name underneath the picture was “Harley Quinn.” How could a GeekMom resist that?
I couldn’t. The problem was, my heart was still in a thousand million shattered little pieces. It was only two weeks since the day I had to watch Max fall asleep, never to wake up. Max had been my baby. My little BB-8 dog. He was small, flurfy, and had the most expressive eyebrows.
Max had been the Baby Replacement when I couldn’t get pregnant right away. The day I got the phone call (before we had texts in our house) during a tornado watch to come meet a little fluffy dog Mr had found at the local pet shop rapidly entered Walsh Family Lore. I had taken Max to vet appointment after vet appointment when he had Giardia after Giardia attack. He had been with me through all the infertility stuff we’d gone through. The day I had the HSG and just wanted to curl into a ball, he’d curled up with me. Then, when I finally got pregnant, he would curl up on my stomach, calming down while he also calmed down the baby.
Max was always my worry. When we brought the baby home, he barked for eight hours nonstop sending me into a post-partum meltdown that we would have to get rid of him.
Max bit the pants of the Merry Maid who didn’t like me, sending me into a meltdown that we would have to get rid of him.
Max attacked the Menu Guy who kicked JD, our older dog, after he

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.964247
Retrieved Text: Wanna feel better about your creating space?
I am lucky. I have a room of my own, just as Virginia Woolf prescribed. It used to be the little bedroom (tiny boxroom that even the realtors called half a bedroom!), then it morphed into the junk room. Ever since the single bed went though, it has been designated a room for me to use as I will and there is a table in there for me to sew. It has seen so many cycles of big sort out - creative use - too messy to use - time for the big sort out again.
We live in a small space in London. I have many interests, and I have done 5 years of university while we've lived here. The walls are bursting at the seams. But we love it. When I left work, my first priority was to declutter everything, but it has been discouraging, when small steps are swallowed up by the intimidating whole.
But I am lucky, I have a room of my own and by damn, I'm going to use it. Today I'd had enough. Why? Maybe because Zenia just moved and it is so much fun setting up a new space. Maybe because I just got back from Artfest and realised that without my space I am less productive. Maybe it's because I am going to IKEA tomorrow and I can buy some stuff to help. Whatever it is, it's not a good idea on a day when you are feeling utterly crappy with some random

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.94829
Retrieved Text: The Unsinkable Kristen Chapman: Help Wanted.
Okay, the whole updating of the Fetus is just going to have to wait because my elder daughter is driving me out of my mind. Out. Of. My. Mind.
You know how everyone talks about boys and their manic energy and how they just make messes and tear things up to see what they are made of and how it's just "boys being boys" and so on? Well, I've got that in my Tot and I'm exhausted. I'm tired of walking into the playroom (which was reasonably clean that morning) and seeing the dress up box turned on it's side, contents asunder, every toy available to grab on the floor, brand new unidentifiable stains all over the carpet, pencil marks on the walls, drawers to the dresser broken, every piece of paper torn to shreds. It's exhausting. And it all takes place in total silence and so fast you can't even imagine.
Please, mother's of boys or mothers of girls who are just as mindlessly and unmaliciously destructive as mine, please tell me how to get this under control.
We'd always done this to an extent but take most of those toys and put them in the attic. In the toy corner now we have legos, some nerf guns and tons of books. Plus in another room we have the other blocks, legos, rescue heros (we have like 30), nerf guns, care bears etc. And when they want me to rotate (like every week or two) we put something away and get something new

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.871134
Retrieved Text: Does your toddler or preschooler like to play with shave cream? This idea adds another dimension of learning to the messy play, and you will see from my pictures that the mess did not spread too far. I have sensory-loving children who enjoy anything squishy and messy, but I have to be in the right frame of mind to allow messy play because in my house it has to be supervised, and there will be major clean up involved-that is a fact.
These DIY Shape Mats help your child learn shapes while they play with shave cream. You can make these in about 1 minute.
This activity for toddlers and preschoolers is so simple to create!
1) Draw shapes onto a piece of paper. I chose to focus on one shape at a time, so I drew all circles on one.
2) Trim the piece of paper to fit inside the zip top bag, if needed.
3) Slide the paper into the bag and seal the bag. You can tape the opening of the bag for extra waterproofing.
4) Set the mat out with some shaving cream for play!
I started by placing a protective plastic mat on the floor and setting the shape mat on a cookie sheet. After showing my child the play area, I squirted some shaving cream onto the cookie sheet.
I did explain to my toddler what she could do with the shape mat to give her a little guidance. I said, “You can make the shape with the shaving cream. Use your finger and paint the shaving cream

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: Context: Kendall ran back and thanked Lee for helping her find the dog.

Question: How would you describe Kendall?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: grateful

B: super

C: amazing

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.593716
Retrieved Text: Homeless Man Heartbroken When Dog Goes Missing, But Their Reunion Is So Beautiful.
No matter how mean the streets of Leeds, England can get, a young man named Lee makes sure that his canine best friend Crystal is warm, fed, and cared for.
The twenty-four year old is one of the city’s homeless citizens, but that never stops him from providing his pet with all of the comforts of home — even if it means going without himself. Lee is a devoted dog owner who loves Crystal with all his heart, even though he doesn’t have the means to put a roof over either of their heads.
On one cold January day, an argument broke out near where Lee and Crystal were camped out under an underpass. Spooked, Crystal ran off into the night and was quickly lost in the hustle and bustle of the city. Lee was heartbroken, spending days pounding the pavement searching for his best friend.
Thankfully, a volunteer group called Helping Hands works in Leeds to help provide food, shelter, clothing, and sleeping bags to the homeless population. The group heard that Crystal was missing and put the word out to their many friends and supporters.
Toni Mella Sweeney works with Helping Hands, and she explained that it took a village to help locate Lee’s missing dog.
After ten long days, Helping Hands and Murphy’s Army managed to locate Crystal after a tip from a gamekeeper in Kirkstall Forge.
Toni gave Lee some lunch to calm him down before reuniting him with his baby. Although she knew the young

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.417652
Retrieved Text: Saath Nibhana Saathiya 14th July 2016 Thursday episode: Urmila asked Jai and Veeru to present a dance performance for Belji bhai and Mehta. Kokila told Dr. Krishna and Sahir that Urmila was doing all that so that she could buy some more time for Gopi so that she could find the money bundles. Kokila thought that they should explain the truth to them but Urmila insisted not to as they might find the money bundles soon.
Jai and Veeru saw their skateboard near store room and ran to get that.
Vidya showed Priyal’s drawing of complete family and asked her to keep it as she was the family’s elder member. Meera got emotional seeing Vidya giving so much respect to her and thought if she was doing right cheating them.
Kokila went to Belji bhai and Mehta to explain that they had problem in giving the money. Jai and veeru came running on their skate board. Kokila saw a 1000 rupees note stuck on the skate’s tier. She asked them where that skate board was. They told her it was in the store room. Pari and Mona ran towards store room.
Gopi too ran towards store room. Pari fell down on the money. Jai and Veeru laughed seeing their grand mom lying on money bundles. Mona saw the money and told Pari that they finally found the money. Kokila and Gopi and Urmila heard Mona saying that to Pari and went in the store room and saw Pari lying on the money bundle.
Gopi took the money bundles from there and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.470083
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK -- The ladies arrived in beautiful Paris to meet up with the man they are all dating, Arie. Jacqueline said things are really starting to move with Arie, and to be honest, I hardly remember her! Chris Harrison revealed the news to the women that this week would feature the dreaded two-on-one date. Lauren got the first one-on-one date though, she was spared from the two-on-one thank goodness. They took off on a little power boat as the other women looked on with envy. They cruised around holding hands and taking in the sights of Paris.
Then, they walked in silence. It was uncomfortable to watch! You just want to shake her and say "talk woman, talk!" She seemed very nervous. Arie kept pointing things out and then Lauren would say, "Wow." Arie said that he's worried that she might not be that into him. Finally, Lauren asked him how everything was going for him and he revealed that he wants her to like him. He told her, "I'm searching for reassurance as much as you are."
Back at the hotel, another date card arrived. It read, "Becca, Seinne, Bekah, Tia, Chelsea, Jenna, Let's get all dressed up, Arie." That meant that Kendall and Krystal would be on the two-on-one, since they've been in all the promos! Spoiler alert. Right away, Krystal said that she felt confident.
On the silent date, time would tell if Lauren could start to open up and talk freely with Arie. They shared dinner with some wine and that probably helped. Lauren

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.700508
Retrieved Text: First, they went through the gauntlet known as the Three Rivers League regular season.
Then, they tested themselves in the Class 6A state playoffs.
Finally, the best players from the Lake Oswego and Lakeridge volleyball teams were honored with nominations to the 2018 all-Three Rivers League team.
For Lake Oswego, the Lakers had six players honored, with junior outside hitter Jensen Kaelin and senior middle blocker Anna-Kate Treske winning berths on the first team.
"It's no stretch to say that (Kaelin) did a little bit of, just about everything for us at a high level," said Lake Oswego coach Leejay Lee, noting that Kaelin led the Lakers in three of the more significant statistical categories and was in the top three in just about every statistical category. "In my opinion, she was one of the top three best all-around, most influential players in the Three Rivers League this year.
"The most exciting thing about Jensen is that she still has so much room to grow and improve before she heads to college."
Treske, meanwhile, made her presence felt in the middle of the net, leading the team in blocks and helping the Lakers play their way to second in the TRL regular season and within one win of a Class 6A state tournament berth.
Also honored for Laker Oswego were junior outside hitter Jordan Noble (second team), senior right-side hitter Kylee Wimmer (honorable mention), sophomore setter Bridget Barnett (honorable mention) and sophomore libero Katie Dukart (honorable mention).
"Anna-Kate was a huge force for us in the middle this year. (Her) ability to attack from

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.60054
Retrieved Text: The stories from E Award nominators share how hospitality workers help visitors and local residents throughout the year.
When an older woman at a gas station said that to Rich Courter, he knew he had to act.
Courter, who’d just got off working a 3 p.m. to 11 p.m. shift at the front desk at Fort Myers’ Baymont Inn & Suites, won the woman’s trust and called her daughter – in Fort Lauderdale.
He learned the woman, who’d been crying, had dementia. Her family didn’t know she’d left town, and didn’t have a car available to fetch her that night.
Courter promptly offered to drive the accidental Fort Myers visitor back to Fort Lauderdale.
More than two hours and 140 miles later, he’d returned her to a relieved and grateful family.
It wasn’t easy winning over the daughter, who was understandably suspicious of his intentions. So why did he stick his neck out?
“My dad,” Courter said. “I just lost my dad.
That bold act of compassion now has made Courter a star in Lee County’s lifeblood tourism and hospitality industry.
On Thursday, Courter and about 400 others got red carpet treatment at Lee County's 17th annual Elaine McLaughlin Outstanding Hospitality Service Awards, also known as the E Awards.
Courter was among nearly 30 people earning honorable mentions in a total of eight award categories.
More than 400 nominees drew applause and shout-outs from co-workers, family members, nominators and bosses as they crossed the stage at the breakfast gala at the Hyatt Regency Coconut Point Resort & Spa in Bonita Springs.
Dilya Gabdrkhamanova, a housekeeping supervisor with Beachview

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.457516
Retrieved Text: Three weeks ago, while we were in Las Pinas, I got a frantic call from your Kuya Karlo. He said, "Ma, nawawala si Tala". It was almost 9 in the evening and he said he has been looking for her for 2 hours already. I was worried, My Tala is lost for the second time. About two months ago, she went missing too but a neighbor kept her so we were able to get her back at 2am in the morning. I was crying so hard that time while at work and the officemates were looking at me like I was a crazy crybaby.
I kept calling your Kuya every hour to check if there are any news. I sent messages to my friends and posted her picture on Facebook and shared it on every furparents group I am in. I could not sleep that night, I was thinking if Tala had eaten, if she had a nice rug to sleep on. I was restless.
The following day, I called your Kuya again and asked him to go around the subdivision and bring Oreo with him. They did and they just go home when Oreo can no longer take the heat of the concrete roads. I was starting to get hopeless. What if someone had picked her up and kept her for themselves? What if she got ran over by cars? What if I don't find her? What if she never comes back?
By noon, we got ready to go home and I told myself I am gonna find

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.238136
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner and Justin Bieber enjoyed some downtime together on Thursday as they prepared to make their way to Coachella festival for the weekend. The pair shared a series of fun snaps to their Instagram accounts which showed them soaking up the sun along with Justin's dog Esther.
Despite many questioning the nature of their relationship after Justin posted an image of himself looking close to the 19-year-old model, the pair were quick to play down the speculation. "BFFs," Kendall tweeted after the image was shared, confirming that they are just good friends.
The duo were also hanging out with close friend Hailey Baldwin. The model shared her own photos from the gathering on Instagram, including one of herself and Kendall striking a pose in their swimwear. "Good start to Coachella," she wrote.
Justin has long been close with Kendall and her family, and even stepped in for a spot of babysitting by helping to look after Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick's son Mason recently. The 21-year-old shared a picture of himself playing with the youngster as they played at a pool party.
"Mason is cool as a fan," the singer captioned the photo, which showed him about to give Mason a piggyback through the water.
Kendall's mom Kris Jenner was quick to share the image to her own social media accounts, telling fans: "#Mason & @JustinBieber family pool day!!! #bestbabysitterintheworld."
The matriarch of the reality TV family is very supportive of Justin, and wished him a happy 21st birthday on Instagram in March. "You are an amazing young man and I

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.665293
Retrieved Text: The owner of a dog which went missing after bolting from Hampstead Heath has thanked everyone who helped in the search after the body of her “best friend” was found.
The seven-year-old black labrador, named Dizzee, went missing around lunchtime on Tuesday, October 24 after bolting from a dog walker’s van in the East Heath Road car park of Hampstead Heath.
Miss Howard said Dizzee – named after hip hop artist Dizzee Rascal – had made a failed bid to get to her Camden Road home after a member of the public spotted a dog on train tracks in Kentish Town.
The 29-year-old took time off from her marketing job to search for her beloved pet with the public helping by posting on social media and putting up posters.
Dizzee’s body was found on Saturday.
Miss Howard said she felt incredibly grateful to everyone who helped in the search, shared posts and put up posters.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.52486
Retrieved Text: 100 Years of SailingThis year's International Sailing Federation Αnnual Conference took place in Estoril Portugal, during the first weeks of November.
In celebration of its Centenary Year, ISAF inaugurated the Sailing Hall of Fame, which will honour the sport's greatest personalities. The first inductee's were: Dame Ellen Macarthur, Barbara Kendall, Sir Robin Knox-Johnston, Paul Elvstrom, Olin Stephens and Eric Tabarly.
King Constantine is the Honorary Chairman of the ISAF Sailing Hall and shared the presentation of the trophies with ISAF President Goran Petersson.
Logo for 2007 Round Square ConferenceThis year's Annual Round Square Conference took place between the 18th-24th October at Daly College.
With a record number of participants from around the world, this year's theme, The World Is One Family, was brought to life in Indore, India and hopefully carried back to the 61 Round Square schools and to the hearts of each of its members.
King Constantine was invited to expand on the annual theme, in his closing speech, in which he also thanked Dr. Maitra for helping him overcome a brief ailment.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.302572
Retrieved Text: A woman’s screams for help in the street turned into praise after members from the Lakewood Civilian Safety Watch located her missing dog.
At about 11 p.m. on Wednesday, a member patrolling the area of Princeton Avenue came across a woman yelling in the streets for her missing Beagle.
After unsuccessfully trying to calm her down, the LCSW member called for backup and together began searching the area.
About 10 minutes later, the members located the missing dog in a construction zone. The dog had apparently fallen into the deep foundation and was unable to climb back out. Members carried the dog out and handed it back to its owner, who profusely thanked the members.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.275045
Retrieved Text: James’ first year of football was his freshman year. As a freshman he was 5’3" and 130 pounds. He didn’t see much playing time. He "hit the weight room" and as a junior played at 5’9" 180 pounds. He ran a 4.48 and had a 38 inch vertical jump. He still did not start but averaged about 9 yards a carry. In his senior year he went to the Michigan State camp. He ran the fastest 40 yard dash with a 4.44 and had the highest vertical jump at 41 inches. He "was determined to get a full ride scholarship somewhere. So I worked hard and ran as hard as I possibly could during the games." He shattered the single season rushing record, rushing for 1830 yards. The previous record was 1356. He also broke the single season rushing record with 18 rushing TD’s and 22 total. Other school activities James participated in included going on Kairos, and helping out with football camps. "Kairos was one of the best experiences of my life. It helped me get closer to God and also closer to my parents and family."
James thanked his Mom, "for always believing in me and in my decisions. I still look to her for guidance every single day of my life, and I love her more than anything." He thanked, "God because without him I would not be able to do what I do. My brother is my best friend and I wouldn’t be as strong of a person I am if it wasn’t

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.144104
Retrieved Text: Kendall was on Sue’s lap as usual after supper while Sue and her husband Gary watched television. The half-beagle-half-pug rescue dog (in more ways than one) from Paw Animal Shelter, kept sniffing and pushing on Sue’s right shoulder with her nose. Sue, thinking she had some food on her blouse, looked at her right shoulder and felt around. There was no food stain, but she could feel something puffy on her shoulder and upper arm. Kendall, kept sniffing and pushing, like a drug-sniffing dog for the police.
Very well, Sue decided she would have her shoulder checked out. Sure enough, she had cancer of the lymph nodes and possibly one breast.
There is major history of cancer in Sue’s family. Her dad died of colon cancer when she was 14. He wasn’t there to walk her down the aisle or see her children.
Her father was the oldest of eight children, and all of them, with the exception of one, died of cancer — brain, lung, bone, prostate, colon — the whole gamut. A lot of them smoked, so there were two lung cancers. Her grandfather died of colon cancer and her brother of prostate cancer.
Because of the history of cancer in her family, Sue’s oncologist recommended that she have her DNA tested. Sure enough again, her DNA tested positive for the BRCA1 gene mutation. BR stands for Breast and CA stands for Cancer. The BRCA gene test is a blood test that uses DNA analysis to identify harmful changes (mutations) in either one of the two breast cancer

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.075968
Retrieved Text: Wanda Lee (Kendall) Garbey was born in Sapulpa, Oklahoma June 14, 1926 to James Kendall and Edna (Romine) Kendall. She went to be with the Lord and to be reunited with loved ones in Heaven on October 29, 2018 at the age of 92.
Wanda married Sydney Garbey and the couple was blessed with 4 children. They shared more than 50 years before he passed away. She was a loving mother and grandmother. She would do anything for her family. Her family fondly remembers spending time in her home during the holidays. She made the very best fried potatoes and her grandchildren always asked her to make them when they were visiting. She loved working in her yard and tending her roses.
Wanda was preceded in death by her parents; husband Sydney Garbey; and children Dale, Danny and Pat. She is survived by her son Jerry Garbey and wife Denise; sister Lois; brothers Jimmy and Bob; and many grandchildren and other family members.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.038351
Retrieved Text: Lee, a young homeless man living in Leeds in England, is just 24 years old. His life had never been easy, but recently, it took a turn for the worse.
The 15th of January marked a bad day on the streets where Lee lived, beneath a bridge. At the time, Lee’s pup, Crystal, who is 2 years old, was taking a nap. A loud fight started in the area, and it shocked Crystal awake. Frightened, she took off running and didn’t return.
Lee was heartbroken and thought he had lost everything, worrying she had been stolen. Crystal is his most beloved companion. He tried to find her, but wasn’t able to. Luckily, that’s when Helping Hands got involved. The local charitable organization stepped in to help Lee’s search, and it wasn’t long before hundreds throughout England were helping to find Crystal. They hung up posters for her and kept their eyes open.
After a whole agonizing week full of anxiety, a farmer sent in a report that he had spotted and managed to catch the pup! It took a while for Helping Hands to locate Lee again, but when they did, he couldn’t wait to see his pup again.
When the pair were reunited, Lee broke down in tears and Crystal excitedly rushed up to him, tail wagging, licking his tears away. She then settled down to cuddle on his lap and Lee tells her how much he missed her.
Lee’s story has touched the hearts of many around the country. Helping Hands has provided him with some supplies, and among

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.02301
Retrieved Text: Last Monday evening, June 11th, a little ways off of Millpond Road, Fall City native Shirlie Lee was driving to her grandparents’ house to celebrate her grandpa’s 90th birthday when she noticed what appeared to be a lost dog walking in the middle of the road.
The dog was missing a lot of hair on her back, and was so skinny that you could see her ribs and hip bones. Shirlie pulled over and tried calling for her, but she wasn’t sure if the dog’s hearing was that great. Finally it came over to her when she whistled— and of course, when she noticed Shirlie was holding a bag of treats.
The dog was put on a leash and given a few treats. Shirlie tried to get her to hop up into the car, but she ended up needing to pick her up, which was no easy task since Shirlie is 6 months pregnant!
With a few more treats, the dog immediately laid down for the ride to the Salish Veterinary Hospital in Snoqualmie. Upon arrival, this lost dog found a hardworking staff waiting to care for her, including Dr. Erin Bennett, who named her Petunia.
Dr. Bennett says that Petunia looked pretty sad when she arrived last Monday. She had overgrown nails, fleas, mites, and a skin infection. On top of that she was severely dehydrated and emaciated. She was cold, had an upset stomach, an ear infection, and a urinary tract infection.
Perhaps most worrisome, they discovered Petunia has as mammary tumor. They took chest radiographs to look for

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.897594
Retrieved Text: And she handled it like a pro.
Kendall Jenner handles a lot of things like a pro, but the level-headedness she's known for in her family was put to the test when she ran into rumored ex, Chandler Parsons, while shopping at a Bentley dealership this past Monday. For those who don't recall, she and Chandler reportedly dated back in 2014, though they never commented on the rumors officially.
E! has reported that the Beverly Hills Bentley dealership was actually shut down while Kendall was shopping with Hailey Baldwin. Somehow, Chandler was also allowed in for the time, and they ended up walking around the store together, checking out the rides. Onlookers report that they seemed very friendly and casual, "smiling and chatting like old friends."
Though the circumstances are pretty much as unrelatable as you can get, we've all known the typical dread of running into someone who was once super close and intimate with you, and is now effectively a stranger. Either way, Kendall handled it as well as anybody could, and we'll be taking lessons from her the next time we run into our exes while casually browsing luxury vehicles eating cheese fries at the mall. All's fair in love and Hollywood.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.863657
Retrieved Text: 01:48 Shot by Washington and Lee Audrey Brady, Blocked.
02:56 Penalty corner by Washington and Lee Noelani Schulmeyer [02:56].
03:05 Shot by Washington and Lee Kendall Peterson, Save (by goalie) Courtney Gosslin.
06:13 Penalty corner by Washington and Lee Noelani Schulmeyer [06:13].
06:37 Shot by Washington and Lee Noelani Schulmeyer, Save (by goalie) Courtney Gosslin.
07:28 Substitution!Ferrum substitution: Mary Gilliland for Alexandra Madden.
08:24 Substitution!Washington and Lee substitution: Charlotte MacDonald for Maggie Waxter.
10:47 Substitution!Washington and Lee substitution: Grace Bowen for Allie DiPietro.
13:00 Substitution!Ferrum substitution: Alexandra Madden for Mary Gilliland.
13:31 Penalty corner by Washington and Lee Noelani Schulmeyer [13:31].
13:32 Shot by Washington and Lee Haley Tucker, Wide Left.
14:17 Shot by Washington and Lee Audrey Brady, Blocked.
15:12 Substitution!Washington and Lee substitution: Sally Curtiss for Kendall Peterson.
16:27 Substitution!Washington and Lee substitution: Maggie Waxter for Audrey Brady.
17:33 Substitution!Washington and Lee substitution: Allie DiPietro for Kendall Bernard.
19:41 Substitution!Washington and Lee substitution: Kendall Peterson for Haley Tucker.
21:10 Substitution!Washington and Lee substitution: Grace Bowen for Kendall Peterson.
22:25 Jacqueline Llewellyn at goalie for Washington and Lee.
23:04 Penalty corner by Washington and Lee Noelani Schulmeyer [23:04].
23:27 Shot by Washington and Lee Allie DiPietro, Blocked.
23:34 Shot by Washington and Lee Noelani Schulmeyer, Blocked.
23:57 Substitution!Washington and Lee substitution: Haley Tucker for Maggie Sands.
25:11 Shot by Washington and Lee Annalise Thole, Wide Right.
25:40 Shot by Washington and Lee Maggie Waxter, Wide Right.
26:19 Substitution!Washington and Lee substitution: Audrey Brady for Maggie Waxter.
29:50 Penalty corner by Washington and Lee Noelani Schulmeyer [29:50].
30:30 Penalty corner by Washington and Lee Noelani Schulmeyer [30:30].
30:32 Shot by Washington and Lee Allie DiPietro, Blocked.
30:48 Shot by Washington and Lee Allie DiPietro,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.82247
Retrieved Text: While out for a walk with her children in Chappaqua, New York, Margot Gerster says she ran into an unlikely couple: Hillary and Bill Clinton out for a post-Election Day walk with their dog.
Gerster posted a photo and account of their surprise encounter on Facebook.
Gerster says she'd been feeling "so heartbroken since yesterday's election and decided what better way to relax than take my girls hiking." As she was leaving the hiking spot, she and her family ventured into a clearing where the Clintons happened to be walking.
“I heard a bit of rustling coming towards me and as I stepped into the clearing there she was, Hillary Clinton and Bill with their dogs doing exactly the same thing as I was,” she wrote. "I got to hug her and talk to her and tell her that one of my most proudest moments as a mother was taking Phoebe with me to vote for her," Gerster writes.
"She hugged me and thanked me and we exchanged some sweet pleasantries and then I let them continue their walk. Now, I'm not one for signs but I think ill definitely take this one. So proud. "
Bill even took the photo.
The Clintons have lived in Chappaqua, a town north of New York City, for almost 17 years. On Tuesday morning, Clinton cast a vote for herself in the town she and her husband have come to call home.
Mashable has reached out for Gerster for more information and will update should she get back to us.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.649334
Retrieved Text: Lee is a consultant solicitor who mainly specialises in helping people with tricky probate and Court of Protection cases. She has experience in some more unusual areas, such as the application of the forfeiture rule, which prevents a beneficiary inheriting a property from someone he or she has murdered. She regularly handles probate and property disputes, including cases involving fraud.
Lee began her career in law as a legal secretary, then she started studying to become a qualified legal executive specialising in property law. She qualified in 1990 with a degree and Solicitors’ Finals Examinations with First Class Honours. She has since then gone on to undertake training in litigation and probate law.
Home for Lee is in rural Meopham, not far from the Apex Law office. She enjoys helping her clients resolve legal issues as quickly as possible, and wishes she could tell more people that solicitors can be really friendly, and not all of them charge the earth. When not in the office, Lee enjoys playing tennis and walking her dog, then undoing the fitness benefits with homecooked food and some good wine.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.24089
Retrieved Text: 1:18 Shot by Washington and Lee Maggie Waxter, Save (by goalie) Kelsey Troyer.
2:58 Penalty corner by Washington and Lee Audrey Brady [2:58].
3:19 Shot by Washington and Lee Haley Tucker, Save (by goalie) Kelsey Troyer.
5:37 Shot by Washington and Lee Haley Tucker, Save (by goalie) Kelsey Troyer.
5:54 Substitution!East. Mennonite substitution: Hannah Daley for Emily Musselman.
9:22 Shot by Washington and Lee Audrey Brady, Blocked.
9:37 Shot by Washington and Lee Audrey Brady, Save (by goalie) Kelsey Troyer.
11:54 Penalty corner by Washington and Lee Audrey Brady [11:54].
12:19 Shot by Washington and Lee Maggie Waxter, Wide.
12:23 Substitution!East. Mennonite substitution: Emily Musselman for Alyssa Mautz.
12:30 Penalty corner by Washington and Lee Audrey Brady [12:30].
13:25 Shot by East. Mennonite Melissa Cox, Wide.
14:11 Penalty corner by Washington and Lee Audrey Brady [14:11].
14:29 Shot by Washington and Lee Kendall Peterson, Blocked.
14:33 Shot by Washington and Lee Maggie Sands, Save (by goalie) Kelsey Troyer.
15:27 Penalty corner by Washington and Lee Audrey Brady [15:27].
17:09 Penalty corner by Washington and Lee Audrey Brady [17:09].
17:24 Shot by Washington and Lee Audrey Brady, Save (by goalie) Kelsey Troyer.
18:01 Substitution!Washington and Lee substitution: Charlotte MacDonald for Maggie Waxter.
19:20 Substitution!East. Mennonite substitution: Megan Bishop for Hannah Daley.
20:06 Shot by Washington and Lee Charlotte MacDonald, Save (by goalie) Kelsey Troyer.
22:33 Substitution!Washington and Lee substitution: Maggie Waxter for Maggie Sands.
25:25 Substitution!East. Mennonite substitution: Hannah Daley for Megan Bishop.
28:39 Substitution!Washington and Lee substitution: Maggie Sands for Annalise Thole.
29:05 Substitution!East. Mennonite substitution: Alyssa Mautz for Emily Musselman.
31:36 Shot by Washington and Lee Audrey Brady, Blocked.
35:00 For Washington and Lee: #1 Haley Tucker, #2 Lilly MacDonald, #5

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.226885
Retrieved Text: Today a new acquaintance thanked me for the time and grueling effort I put into working with the mentally ill back in my days as a counselor (my first career before I got into IT). Nobody has ever acknowledged or thanked me for this before and I didn't realize how much I needed to hear that. The world of mental hospitals and physical restraints and Ativan and trying to help people who struggle with helping themselves is a horror story that I'll never forget. When I have bad days at work now (which is rare btw) I think back to what it was like working in those mental health facilities - scraping human feces off the walls, dealing with violent outbursts, or trying to comfort a little boy who was kept in a cage and fed nothing but dog food and table scraps till he was 9 - and I count my blessings. My thoughts and prayers go out to those who are dealing with mental illness as a patient, family member, or health service provider.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.196136
Retrieved Text: Somebody has to train these kids. Somebody has to teach them, and if not me, who? If not now, when? We must do it. It's got to be done.
One morning on her way to work, Oral Lee Brown stopped by a local grocery store to make her usual purchase of some peanuts and a soda. On this particular day, however, a little girl approached Brown, asking for a quarter. Because all she had was a $5 bill, Brown invited the little girl to go with her to the store to get some change. Inside the store, Brown told the little girl she could pick out anything she wanted.
Instead of choosing candy or gum, which would have been the first choice for most kids, the little girl immediately ran for a loaf of bread. Brown asked the girl if she went to school. She quietly responded, “Sometimes,” as she shyly thanked Brown and quickly disappeared around the corner.
That night, Brown couldn’t sleep. She knew she had to find the little girl. She went to the school the girl would most likely attend, but she never found her. Instead, she found many other children, in less than ideal conditions. In an almost impulsive decision, Brown decided to “adopt” a class of 23 East Oakland, California, first-graders. She told them, "Stay in school, and I'll send you to college."
To achieve this goal, Brown, a realtor, began saving money, putting aside $10,000 per year from her $45,000 salary.
Starting that day, Brown did more than simply make a promise to the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.950691
Retrieved Text: As a trainer, Dana’s aims to provide students with the resources they need to improve the lives of their dogs. She believes training is essential to maintaining balance in a dog’s life. Dana has extensive experience in caring for animals; she ran her own dog-walking and dog-sitting business before becoming a certified dog trainer.
Dana’s passion for helping animals inspired her to join the PAWS Chicago team full time as Foster Coordinator. She is responsible for helping our long-term resident dogs be successful in their foster homes. This includes conducting training classes and providing enrichment and behavior modification and management.
Dana’s dogs: Dana shares her life with her bully breed puppy, Mac, whom she recently adopted from PAWS Chicago. In addition to a solid obedience foundation, she plans to train him in agility and K9 Nosework at PAWS Chicago.
Fun fact: Dana loves to play soccer, a sport in which she has competed for the majority of her life.
Have a question about Training Classes?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.880095
Retrieved Text: We’re Looking For Local Lombard IL House Finders – Earn Good Money – Join Our House Finders Program FREE Below Today!
Hi! Here at Kendall Partners Ltd we’re looking for people locally here in Lombard (and surrounding areas of IL) who can help us find houses that we can buy from home owners who need to sell.
Who Is Kendall Partners Ltd And What Is Our “House Finders Fee” Program?
Over the years we’ve developed a great system for helping those homeowners in distress out of that situation through our local Lombard House Buyer Program. In addition, one of our missions is to beautify Lombard one neighborhood at a time by fixing up properties and getting great home owners into them.
This is where we need your help (and how you can earn up to $5k per month… if you hustle) finding houses that fit what we’re looking for here in the Lombard area and surrounding areas… and sending them our way in our House Finders Cash Incentive Program (some people call it a “Bird Dog Program”).
Join our Lombard House Finders Program below and send us the details… we’ll take it from there.
After you join our Lombard Area House Finders Program (for FREE on this site) we’ll train you on exactly what to look for and how to submit the properties to us.
I am very happy to recommend Kendall Partners Ltd. to anyone involved in real estate transactions. Jeff and Kevin were very professional and were able to handle our home sale efficiently and effectively. My wife and I needed

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.857851
Retrieved Text: So I was asked to do my first Birthday Party for sweet Kendall. Cathy & Kendall came over one night & made the little favors for all the girls. She was such a joy.
At her birthday party the girls got to cut an outfit for a Build a Bear magnet using the Big Shot, Build a Bear Bigz Die & Beary Essentials Bigz Die. They also colored Basic Rhinestones & placed them on a washer necklace. They didn't have much time & they were 5 years old so we tried to keep it simple for them.
I met Kendall for the first time when she came with her mom to help make the favors one night the week before her birthday. Imagine how I felt when I showed up at her birthday party & she ran up to me to give me a big hug. Sure made my day!
I will show you the magnet in the next post as I am having problems with putting 2 photos in the same post. Once I get a picture of the washer necklace I will show you that also.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.835533
Retrieved Text: People in Leeds are being urged to help reunite a &apos;devastated&apos; homeless man with his canine companion.
Volunteer group Helping Hands say the unnamed man lost sight of his dog Crystal in Leeds city centre last week and hasn&apos;t seen her since.
They are concerned the ageing dog, who has poor eyesight, may have been stolen.
A spokeswoman for the group said: "She ran off from her owner whilst he was going to the toilet on Tuesday evening, but has since been spotted with someone and also seen alone and confused near Kirkstall Road.
"She is an absolute adorable dog and loves her owner. She is well looked after and well loved, but I think she got a bit confused whilst he was gone.
"I’ve never seen them without each other before."
Why do people return to the streets?
Anyone who spots Crystal is being asked to contact Helping Hands on 07375108247.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.647064
Retrieved Text: Welcome to a new year, full of hope and cooperation.
world  and by sending SSTV images of their celebration.
radio and beamed down a selection of SSTV images.
I was fortunate enough to talk with the crew for a few passes this morning.
his legs, it tasted good.
Sergei responded, No Vodka, we drank Apricot juice for new Years.
Next we ran a few SSTV uplink tests.
I sent 4 SSTV images to the Russian Space Station Mir.
4.  Picture of my daughter Jennifer holding her dog Alf.
The crew thanked me for sending images of their friends on earth.
The tentative plan is to run one project at a time.
could be moved into the Mir module.  This options is being investigated.
The SSTV system was designed to be easy for beginners on earth to use.
I am currently using W95SSTV with good results.
I was pleased with the ease of use and quick setup.
The new MAREX-NA SSTV web is under construction.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.600307
Retrieved Text: NORTHFIELD, Minn. – The Gustavus women’s basketball team won its third consecutive game Wednesday night at St. Olaf by a score of 78-60, highlighted by a 26-point performance by Kendall Thompson (Sr., Eden Prairie, Minn.). The senior forward shot 11-for-16 from the floor and hauled in nine rebounds, helping the Gusties improve to 10-8 overall and 7-4 in the MIAC.
Gustavus scored the first basket of the game and never relinquished the lead. The Gusties had an 18-11 advantage at the end of the first quarter and increased their lead to 42-29 at halftime, while shooting 53.1 percent.
The Gusties continued to add to their advantage in the second half with the largest lead at 22 (60-38) midway through the third quarter.
Paige Richert (So., Comfrey, Minn.) tallied her third double-double of the season with 12 points and 10 rebounds. Justine Lee (Sr., Dawson, Minn.) added 11 points and seven boards. As a team, the Gusties outrebounded the top rebounding team in the league 43-29.
Gustavus next travels to Saint Mary’s on Saturday for a 1 p.m. tipoff.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.560709
Retrieved Text: We had great fun and the weather was beautiful once we crossed the mountain to the lee side.Too bad we didn't catch to much fish (only Randy, he had the dog luck that day), but the experience and the scenry was great. We worked hard clearing all the trash, cutting downed trees and clearing away from the stream mouth and digging one out of the sand. Then we picnicked and had a hamburger and hotdog lunch. Went swimming and fishing. Thanked the host and presented a gift for their hospitality.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.534525
Retrieved Text: Kendall Trelegan promotes the Barbara Lee Family Foundation’s mission through administrative and logistical support to the communications and program teams.
Prior to joining the Barbara Lee Family Foundation, Kendall was the Diversity & Inclusion co-op at the TJX Corporation, assisting in rolling out D&I initiatives internally and in the community. Over the summer she was a fellow for Julian Cyr’s state Senate campaign.
Kendall is pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Political Science from Northeastern University. She is graduating in May 2020.

================



======= Instance Index 10 =========
Input Text: Context: Sydney was a school teacher and made sure their students learned well.

Question: How would you describe Sydney?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: As someone that asked for a job

B: As someone that takes teaching seriously

C: Like a leader

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.250458
Retrieved Text: SRtRC educators work with students in St Andrew's School to learn about racism and respect.
It was an excellent and very well organised by Manisha and Luther. Activities were made fun but also made the children think.
We would like to thank staff and students at St Andrew’s School in Hertford for welcoming us into their wonderful school yesterday.
SRtRC staff members Manisha Tailor and Luther Blissett visited the school on the 10/11/15 to work with students on issues surrounding prejudice, discrimination and racism. The day started with an assembly for the participating students who watched our SRtRC film and got to learn about the aims of the day. They then split into different classes for the workshops.
Manisha worked with students on terminology, stereotypes and asking the students what qualities are most important in a friend. “Manisha's session in the classroom gave the children food for thought and they produced some colourful and creative responses to racism.” - teacher, St Andrew’s School. Students really enjoyed these workshops, and learned a lot from them, saying “Drawing a person and thinking about what makes them different and their qualities was also fun and it made us think about different religions. We now know that racism is not just about skin colour, but links to culture and religion too. Before the session with Manisha I really did not know that you can have mixed heritage and the message that she gave was you should respect other cultures and be proud of who you are.” - Year 5/6 pupils, St Andrews – Hertford.
Students

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.478329
Retrieved Text: Not everyone likes math. I get it!
Not everyone likes math. I get it. But I love math and I think anyone can succeed at it. I like to make math fun and relevant. A lot of times you are just studying for a test and need hints or tricks. I’ve got those. Sometimes you just don’t get why this is relevant. I’ve got some stories. Sometimes you have given up. I’ve been there and can help you get through. I am a high school math teacher who appreciates the fight. Life, school, math are all really tough things, but it’s the light and celebration on the other side that makes it all worth it! Please contact me to let me know what I can do to help!
I have a bachelor's degree in Mathematics and an MBA. I have taught Geometry, Pre-AP Geometry, Algebra II and Into to College Math at the high school level. Back when the school testing was called TAAS, I made a perfect score on the math portion of the test. I work well with middle school and high school students and those prepping for college. I also work well with college students who are ready to study.
Give me a call! I'd love to help!
I am a certified high school math teacher.
I am a high school geometry teacher in Red Oak, Texas.
I am a certified high school math teacher. I have tutored over 10 students in SAT and ACT Math. All of my students have increased their scores by 10-50%.
Maecy is great. Patient

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.357046
Retrieved Text: Spring Trip Highlights: Our Service Learners Rocked It! — Ardenti Global Service Learning, Inc.
Spring Trip Highlights: Our Service Learners Rocked It!
I realize it's been some time since we last chatted. Between getting prepared for our spring trip and making sure all of our service learners were prepared, there was barely enough time in the day to sleep! So, I figured I would just write a short summary of our amazing trip! These students ROCKED IT!
Grace: Grace is an education major at UNG. She was an amazing asset to our team and vital in our literacy lab at our after school program. Grace took her job very seriously, making sure to do hands on flash card drills with students, as well as "teacher time" when students were struggling in their computer program to progress literacy skills. Grace was always smiling and laughing and generally awesome to be around. She embraced all the things we did in the 10 days we went NON-STOP. Grace showed that her name was the perfect name for her, as she handled herself with amazing poise and GRACE. Thank you so much GRACE for your contribution to this trip. Your future students are SO lucky to have you as a teacher!!
Josie: Josie is also an education major at UNG. Josie and her BFF Sydney (next up) were in charge of our team building skills module. They had so much fun getting the after school kids to learn the value of working together by doing fun team building games that showed them they had

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.760677
Retrieved Text: Sydney Pahl is our music teacher. She teaches K-6 general music classes along with elementary, middle, and high school choir. She graduated in 2015 from Reinhardt University with a Bachelor’s Degree in both Music Education and Sacred Music. From a young age, Sydney knew she was being called to be a music teacher. Sydney has always loved singing in choir at church and school and seeing the joy that music brings to people! She enjoys sharing her love of music with the students here at Cherokee Christian and using the gift that God gave her to inspire and encourage students both in music and their walk with God. While not at school, Sydney loves watching movies, crafting, and spending time with her family.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.742996
Retrieved Text: Matt joins Redfern Jarjum College as the new Principal in 2018, having previously been the Head of the Regis Campus at Saint Ignatius’ College, Riverview. Matt has also worked as a teacher and school leader on the NSW Mid North Coast and in the Western Suburbs of Sydney where he grew up. His vision for Jarjum is to create an engaging learning environment built on partnerships with families and the communities.
Matt is committed to helping each individual student and looks forward to seeing them gain the confidence to achieve success in their educational journey. He believes in the importance of spiritual, emotional and academic development.
Matt holds a Masters Degree in Educational Leadership and brings experience working with students from all over Australia. Matt has also worked extensively in the areas of curriculum design and teacher development.
Anne has a background in adult education and education administration and a strong commitment to service and the support for health and well being for all children.
Hi there, my name is Tom and I’ve been teaching for the past 16 years. I have worked at a number of schools here in Australia and in the UK. My earlier work was with middle school students where I was able to guide students through their informative transition into high school. I am an advocate of first nation’s cultures and am passionate about the role of education in young student’s lives. My hobbies include most sports and anything outdoors, particularly hiking and camping. I am very honoured and proud to be working at Jarjum.
Natasha

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.590555
Retrieved Text: First Grade is rocking and rolling here at Travis Heights Elementary. The beginning of the year flew by and we all of a sudden found ourselves in September! The first few weeks of school are so important. Much time was spend reviewing procedures and rules, so that students feel comfortable and more independent. There was also plenty of time to get to know each other, the school, the classroom, and your new teacher!
In math, students have been reviewing counting their numbers and working with number lines. In language arts, we are working on reviewing our letters and their sounds, and well as practicing handwriting so whoever reads our work can understand what we are trying to express. Science has been filled with experiments and students also spent time learning about scientific equipment and their uses. In social studies, students learned how rules are important and help us stay safe.
Parents, please help your teacher out and make sure your child has brought in everything that was requested at the beginning of the year. It’s very helpful for teachers to get organized and to stay organized, and you can do your part in helping them! Please send in field trip money ($35) and tech money ($5) as well as head phones and other school supplies.
Our first field trip is coming up in October. We’ll be going to the Elgin Pumpkin Patch. If you would like to volunteer contact, your teacher and make sure you have proper training and have registered with the school!
Fall conferences are also coming up

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.551065
Retrieved Text: Heather Maxted has been part of the Greenwood community for over 10 years, and moved into the Expert Teacher role in 2018. Read on to learn more about her experiences as an Expert Teacher, and how she’s always still learning from her peers along the way.
Tell us about your career path at Greenwood.
When I started here in 2007, I had two amazing mentors: Jen Bibby, a French teacher, and Jennifer Walcott, an English teacher. I worked with Jen to build a rigorous, yet applicable, French program at the school and learned so much in the process. From Jennifer, I learned that building a relationship with your students comes before any content. Jennifer also showed me that you can help students enjoy a course without actively ‘entertaining’ them.
After teaching here for several years, I moved into the Subject Team Leader role for the French program. I also got the opportunity to mentor teachers who are new to Greenwood. I love sharing ideas and helping new teachers to improve their practice. I also love helping teachers to reflect on their teaching and ask themselves questions. If a lesson didn’t go well, why? What can they change to make the lesson more effective?
What interested you in the Expert Teacher role?
Honestly, I find the title “Expert Teacher” to be a bit funny because you’re never really done learning as a teacher. That’s one of the things that attracted me to the role: our school is full of amazing teachers, and I learn a lot from observing my colleagues’ classes. Everyone

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.528648
Retrieved Text: Wollumbin High, Kingscliff High, & Beverly Hills IEC - Racism. No Way!
This video shows the 2009 culmination of the 3-way exchange between Beverly Hills IEC, Wollumbin High, and Kingscliff High, in which Wollumbin High students finally paid a reciprocal visit to BHIEC.
On Tuesday 16th May 2006, 15 students, three staff members, a parent and a community information officer made their way from Beverly Hills in south western Sydney to the airport to begin a four day visit to the Tweed Region of northern New South Wales.
The trip which had been months in the planning, was organised as a part of a cultural exchange program. Funding from the South Western Sydney Region of the NSW Department of Education and training as well as the Premier’s Department provided support for the program. The aim of the program was to bring together students from communities different to their own to build community harmony and increase intercultural understanding.
Fifteen students from the Beverly Hills Intensive English Centre (IEC) travelled to the Tweed Region to meet local secondary and primary students. The IEC students had all been in Australia for less than a year and came from a variety of different countries including Sudan, Ethiopia, Sierra Leone, Brazil, Lebanon, China, Korea, Laos, Finland, the Phillippines, Pakistan, Indonesia, Tonga and Egypt.
The four day visit began with a two night stay with students from Kingscliff High School, workshops with Year 10 Geography students and Year 11 and 12 Society and Culture students and a welcome to country by local Indigenous youth and their Aboriginal

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.41858
Retrieved Text: My first year of teaching was exactly what I was told it would be: the single most difficult year of my life. Dread-filled mornings. Sleepless, nightmare filled nights. Drastic, un-counseled culture shock. Pervasive feelings of incompetence matched only by the reality of my teaching inefficacy. And tears. Lots and lots of tears.
I doubt any student of mine learned anything that year, certainly nothing even close to the accelerated achievement I would, years later, expect and rely on as a more seasoned educator. I think back on those days, back to 36th and Filbert in West Philadelphia (don’t go looking for the school, it’s not there, having been torn down several years ago, replaced with the slick, glass-fronted edifices of ever spreading college campuses). I think back on those days with shame and dread.
Even now, when I hear the ringtone that was my alarm clock back in those days, I feel a cold chill come over me.
Get any number of teachers together and you’ll hear these stories. We take for granted, expect, and tolerate that this is the reality of being a first year teacher. But what if it didn’t actually have to be?
Nearly 15 years after walking into a classroom for the first time, from the perspective of not only a seasoned and effective classroom teacher, but now as a novice teacher educator, I see how unnecessary my first year teaching experience had to be.
Briefly, here are some things that would have made me not just a better teacher during my first year, but even just

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.385643
Retrieved Text: This month in Just for the ASKing! I relate some of the stories and events that have taught me important lessons, left lasting impressions, and impacted my practice.
Stranger in Our Midst: As a young teacher and student government sponsor, I had the responsibility of coordinating the end-of-the-year awards assembly. When the principal entered the gym to come to the podium to get the program underway, I heard students in the bleachers ask who he was. The comments surprised me even though I knew that the principal was rarely seen outside the main office. This same principal had earlier approached a teacher in the hallway and asked for her hall pass. She sheepishly informed him that she was a new teacher on the staff.
Lesson Learned: The leader of the school should not be office bound and “invisible” to the students and staff.
Hide and Seek: On my first day as an administrator, a teacher whom I had not yet met appeared in my doorway. She looked at me and said, “So where is your hiding place going to be?” I was a little confused by her question and asked her to explain what she meant. She told me that past administrators at the school had found out-of-the-way hiding places such as the library or in the classrooms of selected teachers where they could hang out and hide. Although I was a little taken aback by the question, in retrospect I was grateful.
Lesson Learned: It is important to be proactive in introducing oneself to teachers and students and be

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.31196
Retrieved Text: Mary-Ellen Betts has taught in the state school system as a teacher, casual relief, teacher librarian and school leader. She has developed expertise in literacy education and co-authored a teacher resource book. From 2000 – 2006 Mary-Ellen worked as a literacy consultant in Australia and New York City. The focus of this work was to support schools in improving educational outcomes for all students. She worked with teachers and principals at school and district level to improve pedagogy in literacy and to analyse data to drive instruction. Mary-Ellen is currently working as independent Educational Consultant for schools in NSW, QLD and VIC and is an accredited School Reviewer for the VIC DEECD.
Jenny Williams has extensive teaching experience including secondary English and primary K-6. In addition she has worked as a support teacher learning difficulties. Her enthusiasm for early literacy and working with students whose literacy is at risk led her to train as a Reading Recovery teacher and subsequently work as a Reading Recovery tutor. As an educational consultant she has worked in Western Sydney and New York supporting teachers as they developed their literacy practice, quality teaching pedagogy and mathematics instruction. She has supported whole school improvement in a number of schools in Australia and overseas, working with school executive teams and school staff to invigorate teaching practice leading to whole school change.
Sandra Rowan is an experienced K-6 classroom teacher and school leader. She has been a literacy consultant in western Sydney and a teacher mentor working with beginning teachers to develop best practice. She

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.247606
Retrieved Text: Student-teacher Interaction Through Online Reflective Journals in a High School Science Classroom: What Have We Learned?
Three challenges in current secondary school science classrooms are (a) meaningful integration of technology, (b) integration of reading and writing in content courses, and (c) differentiation of instruction to meet individual student needs in courses. This is an exploratory study of an urban, high school marine science course in which a teacher added communication with her students via asynchronous online journals. This intervention was intended to enable the teacher to understand how students were constructing knowledge and their understanding of marine science topics. Data included journal postings from all students and the teacher throughout the semester, as well as the teacher's personal journal.
Ehlers, Megan Elizabeth, "Student-teacher Interaction Through Online Reflective Journals in a High School Science Classroom: What Have We Learned?" (2015). Graduate Theses and Dissertations.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.088293
Retrieved Text: Improve your Spanish fluency by assisting and teaching in middle school Spanish classes.
Essential Question: How can immersion help me with my Spanish fluency?
Amount of credit earned: 2 credits (Equivalent to one trimester course).
Community Partner: middle school Spanish teacher.
Interpersonal speaking: engage in conversations in the target language.
Presentational Speaking: present information, concepts, and ideas to an audience of listeners or readers.
Teaching: illustrate the range of responsibilities in a Spanish teacher’s job.
Lesson planning: create and implement a mini class lesson.
Write: create written analysis on a broad variety of global topics as well as original written products.
Listen: derive meaning from extended discourse on a range of global, historical, and literary topics.
Read: analyze and interpret modern and historical works.
Speak: discuss, analyze, and present on a range of global, historical and literary topics.
Check in regularly with ELO partners (high school Spanish Teacher, middle school Spanish Teacher and ELO Coordinator) to reflect on the experience.
Observe middle school teacher for 1-2 days until all parties feel comfortable with students being more hands-on.
Work individually with students who need additional support.
Take on elements of a lesson plan that the middle school teacher feels are appropriate.
Drafting your own lesson plans.
Present your lessons to the class.
Present your project at the ELO Exhibition Night.
Each student was responsible for meeting regularly with their mentor teacher and completing a final reflection paper. Primarily, the students relied on their mentor teacher for the needed knowledge and skills. However they also conducted additional research as guided by the mentor teacher. They demonstrated how they taught Spanish to the various middle school classes and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.959387
Retrieved Text: As a young student, Alexandra balked at her teachers’ expectations to conform to rigid educational norms. As a teacher and head of early childhood at Redlands school in Sydney, she has a mission to promote her students’ creativity and individuality. She made a DVD on student well-being that has been used as a teaching tool at her school and beyond.
She has sought to broaden her students’ understanding of others by consciously promoting the rights of indigenous Australians and engaging Aboriginal elders to come and work in her school. She also developed a Kindergarten Bush School Program, taking her pupils into the bush to learn from park rangers about wildlife and the environment.
Alexandra has taught undergraduate courses in education, spoken at numerous international conferences and contributed to many academic publications within her field. She received the Premier’s University of Wollongong Early Childhood Scholarship and was selected as an innovative teacher to provide case material for the National Project on Quality Teaching and Learning.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.88114
Retrieved Text: This fall, the fifth grade students at University School of Milwaukee, in Wisconsin participated in an integrated study of Mexican cultural and traditions engaging in what we called, “The Ofrenda Project.” This was a joint collaboration between students and teachers in art, music, World Cultural Geography, and Spanish classes. The seeds for this powerful project-based learning experience were sewn over the last two years.
After visiting the Latino Arts, Inc. Gallery, and creating an exhibit for the gallery last year, students and teachers were quite touched by the exhibits displayed, and the curator of the gallery, Zulay Febes-Cordero, extended an invitation to our school and fifth graders to be presenting artists at the gallery once more for their 2015 exhibit. Being invited to present at a gallery is a very special and unique experience, and this particular exhibition was a very distinguished honor as students would be displaying their art alongside the art of other local and regional artists in a display which averages over 5,000 or more viewers each year.
Along with my esteemed colleagues at University School, Miriam Altman (Middle School chorus teacher), Sarah Markwald (Middle School art teacher), Shannon Peters (Middle School Spanish teacher) and Todd Schlenker (Middle School Spanish teacher) we met in the summer and brainstormed ideas for the art installation. Under the creative direction of Sarah Markwald, the concept was created to make a memorial garden of ofrendas, with each student crafting his or her own "memory stick" to help memorialize a person they admired. Making our ofrenda display a cross of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.865942
Retrieved Text: If you’re a Sydney-based dance teacher looking for ways to collaborate and stay inspired, look no further! Sydney North Public Schools Committee and Ballet Academy Northside have teamed up to offer professional development workshops for dance teachers in the public school system, with several other exciting initiatives to be organised in the coming months.
Dance Informa’s Grace Gassin spoke to Xanthe Geeves, Principal of Ballet Academy Northside and Kim Peade of the Sydney North Public Schools Committee about their burgeoning Career Development Programme for teachers.
Sydney North Public Schools Junior Dance Ensemble (Years 4,5 & 6) in their work called ‘Cantigueras’. Photo courtesy of the Sydney North Public Schools Dance Festival.
Kim, the Sydney Public Schools Dance Committee seems to be a driving force for a range of programmes aimed at helping both dance students and teachers. Can you tell us a little more about the Committee?
Kim: “This is my 30th year on Sydney North Public Schools Dance Committee. I’m actually retired as a teacher but that means I’ve got more time to give to it! The Committee is made up of teachers who are highly trained in or are interested in dance. They are involved in dance education in schools for year levels that range from kindergarten right through to year 12.
Wow! That’s very impressive. So tell me, how did the partnership between Ballet Academy Northside and Sydney North Public Schools Dance committee emerge?
Xanthe: “I was actually part of the public schools system when I was a student — I was a dancer in the Sydney North Public

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.692696
Retrieved Text: I have a PhD in Physics and am well trained in helping students both in mathematics and physics. I am a Physics and Calculus teacher at Boys Latin of Philadelphia Charter School. My interest in teaching comes from my experiences being as a student as well as teacher.
My goal as a teacher is to help students in understanding the basic principles and making them to think critically to solve any problem they get during a test. I always keep my standard high and make sure that students get their mind clear about the problems they have. I can be flexible with time that is sometimes important to spend with students to explain the fundamentals. I prefer to go the local places like libraries where students can be very comfortable and is convenient.
I look forward to hearing from you and to help to achieve academic success.
Being a PhD in physics, I have gone through all variety of differential equations to solve physics problems. We have a subject named Mathematical Methods for Physicist, that includes all sorts of calculus and differential equation fundamentals and their higher studies.
The tutor was prompt in the initial response inquiry and we were able to get a session promptly. My daughter struggles with all math and is easily discouraged. Suvranta was patient and explained the Algebra 2 concepts in ways that made sense to her. She came away with a more positive and hopeful attitude. We definitely want to continue with him.
I was having a really hard time trying to find a date

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.49523
Retrieved Text: Cassandra Cline worked as a kindergarten teacher at Union-Endicott for 16 years. She was killed while walking her dog in Hilton Head.
When Endicott resident Lauren Mancini brought her twin daughters, Danika and Elliana Mancini, to meet their kindergarten teacher at George F. Johnson Elementary School in 2014, she noticed a familiar face.
With red hair that resembled Ms. Frizzle of the children's television show "The Magic School Bus," Cassandra Cline had barely changed from when Mancini had Cline as student teacher in fourth grade in the late 1990s at the Chenango Fork's Central School District's former Charlotte Kenyon Elementary School.
"She never changed," Mancini said in a phone interview Tuesday afternoon. "She was always super nice and wonderful. And so pretty, and so young. She always seemed like she had so much life left."
Cline died Monday in Hilton Head Island after an alligator attack. She was 45.
Union-Endicott Central School District superintendent Suzanne McLeod said Cline had worked as a kindergarten teacher in the district for 16 years.
She began teaching at Thomas J. Watson Elementary School and later moved to George F. Johnson Elementary School on Taft Avenue in Endicott, where she was currently employed.
"She was a dedicated professional educator that shared her wisdom, friendship and compassion with all of her young students and their families," said Village of Endicott Mayor John Bertoni in a statement.
Miya Shedd, 6, remembers a special day in Cline's class when Cline organized a picnic "just for fun." During the picnic, the students made flowers, rocks and played on the playground.
"I love her and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.26665
Retrieved Text: Whether she's coaching students for a live poetry performance, exploring social justice through lessons on South Africa and Puerto Rico, or pioneering a unique theater partnership, Sydney Chaffee strives daily to do right by her students and push herself to learn and grow.
“I love creating a sense of community, joy, and high expectations—and getting kids somewhere they maybe didn’t think they could go,” says Sydney, an alum who has been named a 2017 National Teacher of the Year—one of only four teachers in the country to win this distinction.
She is chair of the humanities department at Codman Academy Charter School in Boston, where she has taught ninth grade humanities ever since she earned her master’s degree in education at Lesley in 2007.
Sydney still marvels at her life today. For her, teaching was not a lifelong career goal.
“I thought I would be a poet,” recalls Sydney, who studied fiction and poetry as an undergraduate at Sarah Lawrence College. Beyond that, she was exposed to ideas of education reform and her interest in education was piqued, prompting her to apply to graduate school here.
In her humanities classroom, Sydney highlights moments in history that demonstrate justice, injustice and people fighting for justice, prompting her students to collaboratively explore what caused the situation, people’s responses, and what has happened since.
“I teach history through reading, writing, and literacy–and vice versa–and all of our courses are based around the idea of social justice, so it’s really relevant and engaging to kids,” says Sydney.
She challenges herself to access each student, which is all

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.220465
Retrieved Text: The NEA’s 2018 Teacher Appreciation Week will take place this year from May 7-11. It will be a week when the NEA will encourage people across America, especially students, to reach out and thank their teachers. There will be special teacher appreciation events held across the country, opportunities for students to nominate their favorite teachers for awards, and more.
The arrival of Teacher Appreciation Week got a group of us thinking and talking about our favorite teachers from our own school days. As we talked and thought, we came up with some unexpected answers about our favorite teachers . . .
They were not necessarily the teachers who taught us the most. In fact, it was sometimes difficult for us to recall exactly what we learned from our favorite teachers. Although we had learned from them, they became our favorites for other reasons.
They paid attention to us. This was a big differentiator between them and other teachers. Even though some of us were not the smartest or most promising students in their classes, they encouraged us.
The focused on how much we were learning. The best teachers we could remember focused not so much on the material we were studying as on how well we were absorbing it. And they were flexible. If a class was having a hard time mastering a unit in algebra, for example, they were willing to devote more time to it and to us instead of charging ahead just to get the curriculum done.
They were funny. As we talked, we realized that they didn’t

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.998568
Retrieved Text: My lessons are geared specifically for beginners, the foundations of music and how we all connect with it are the most important things a future musician can learn. I teach students the passion and excitement of what music has to offer as well as the theory and structure of guitar to push you and your abilities.
I've been playing guitar for almost 15 years. My background is in rock blues and metal, but more recently I’ve been playing a lot more singer/songwriter, folk and Christian/worship.
I was originally inspired to become a music teacher by my first two music teachers, my school string bass teacher and my private guitar teacher. They loved their jobs, they loved teaching and I too was inspired by the fact that their work was their joy in life.
I also found early success as a musician. I thought it was because I was talented, but in reality, it was because I had excellent teachersbut most of my success was a result of hard work. Consequently, I received much positive feedback from other people about my music, they thought I was talented, but it was the result of my instruction and hard work. It was worth it!
I started teaching music at an early age. I knew from an early age that people respond to positive feedback and avoid criticism and negativity. My studies and scholarly research into music education and more importantly, educational psychology have proven to me that people respond to positive feedback and honest praise, while avoiding negativity and criticism.
As a high school

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.988583
Retrieved Text: FURIOUS parents of year 12 students discover their kids are being taught by a computer.
A FUNDS shortage has been blamed for Year 12 students being left without a qualified 2-unit maths teacher for the first month of the school year.
Education officials told parents from Davidson High School, on Sydney&apos;s Northern Beaches, the situation was not a one-off and there were year 12 classes at other high schools without teachers.
One mother, Cheralyn Darcey, said she was "disgusted" to learn her daughter&apos;s class has been forced to learn from a DIY internet maths site.
"It&apos;s disgraceful. This situation is jeopardising all of these students&apos; futures," Mrs Darcey said.
"There was enough money to spend tens of thousands on a fence around the school over Christmas but they can&apos;t find the funds for a teacher."
Mrs Darcey claimed department area manager Dean White, told her: "I know it&apos;s no consolation but this class at Davidson High School is not the only Year 12 class without a teacher at the moment."
Mrs Darcey said: "Our daughter is a very studious child with long-held dreams to attend Sydney University next year and she&apos;s very worried, as are her 16 classmates."
NSW schools were doing all they can to attract maths teachers but are competing with higher-paying employers for a small pool of talent, a senior education official said today.
NSW Department of Education and Training director-general Michael Coutts-Trotter says Davidson High School was searching for a permanent teacher and an interim teacher would be sent to the school tomorrow.
Mr Coutts-Trotter said he understood the frustration of parents

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.977087
Retrieved Text: My name is Dharlene Juan and I am just a typical 19-year old girl from the Philippines trying to make her dreams happen. I am currently studying Diploma of Business at Kent Institute Australia as a pathway for the Bachelor of Business. I have been in Australia for a year now. I’ve always liked going into different countries and learning about different cultures that’s why I didn’t find it hard moving here in Sydney and going through a lot of changes. Seeing the famous Opera House and Harbour Bridge in front of my eyes and not just in pictures was surreal. I’ve also been to different famous attractions in Sydney like Madam Tussaud’s wax museum and Sea Life Aquarium in Darling Harbour, Art Gallery of New South Wales, Circular Quay, Queen Victoria Building, Taronga Zoo, The Rocks, Royal Botanical Garden, The Rocks, Hyde Park, and Luna Park.
Going to different events in Sydney like the Chocolate festival, Vivid Sydney, conferences, and educational seminars is an enjoyable and fun experience for those who are new in Sydney. There were also tons of music festivals and concerts that I’ve went to. I personally like hiking and bushwalking that’s why I didn’t miss the chance to go to the Blue Mountains and Royal National Park. If you’re a beach person, Sydney is home to some of the finest and most famous beaches in the world. There are well over 100 beaches in the city, ranging in size from a few feet to several kilometres, located along the city’s Pacific Ocean

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.935505
Retrieved Text: I am a math teacher at Warren County High School in McMinnville, TN. I am currently in my 16th year as a teacher. I graduated from Middle Tennessee State University, have a Masters Degree from Cumberland University, and I am going to be working on my EDS in the fall of 2016. I am from a family of teachers from every level of education. My mom, the rock of our family, taught at the elementary public school level for 30+ years and is presently teaching high school English at Covenant Academy in McMinnville, TN. I see a lot of my teaching style in her. She teaches every student and holds all of them accountable for their behavior as well as their academics. She is also the peace maker in our family, which I often am due to being the youngest brother. My dad was a middle school teacher for 30+ years. He is presently retired and is loving it. He taught everything from science to social studies. He loved teaching children and has a real passion for helping people He is also a pastor of a small local church. Don’t tell him I said it, but I see a lot of me in him. He made sure his students felt that he genuinely cared about them outside of the classroom. My two older brothers both teach at the high school level. My oldest brother taught math at the public school level for 15 + years and presently teaches everything from Pre-Algebra to Pre-Calculus at Covenant Academy.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.915575
Retrieved Text: This week is the first week of standardized testing for my 10th graders. As I teach in Massachusetts, my students take the MCAS tests. In 10th grade, the MCAS span 3 days for ELA, and two for Math.
I am a special education teacher. That means that the students I work with need a specialized education, and any one-size-fits-all assessment or approach is literally the opposite of what my students actually need. It’s called “special” education for a reason; the students I work with are unique. While their reading and math skills might be a little bit off for their age group, I’ve got amazing artists, actors, public organizers, and communicators in my caseload. I make sure that their education is customized to their individual strengths and areas of weakness. And they ALL have different strengths and weaknesses, because no two students are truly alike. But you know what’s always the same?
There’s always a passage from a novel no gen-Z kid has ever read. Then there’s an article about some kind of marine biological phenomena that inland students have no chance of conceptualizing. There’s a lame, poorly explained essay question. There are random accommodations for special education students that seem to have nothing to do with their actual disabilities…or abilities.
My current school in my current district doesn’t use standardized test data to assess teacher effectiveness. But my previous schools did. And as a special educator, that stung. I once helped a 7th grade student climb from a mid-2nd grade reading level to a 5th grade reading level

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.812035
Retrieved Text: Feeling the love: Sophie, played by Sydney Wilson, is held by her fiancé, Sky, played by Gryphon Homer, on the night before their planned wedding.
VOORHEESVILLE — This spring is the first time that the theatrical rights to perform “Mamma Mia!” are available to high-school drama clubs. Yes, even the Voorheesville Dionysians — who are celebrating their 50th anniversary — have to pay a licensing fee to perform copyrighted material.
“Mamma Mia!” is a “jukebox musical” based on the songs of ABBA, a Swedish pop group from the 1970s.
The story begins with Sophie, played by Sydney Wilson, who is set to marry Sky, played Gryphon Homer, wanting her father to walk her down the aisle. However, she has no idea who he is. Her mother, Donna, played by Sydney Worthley, is no help. So, Sophie invites three men to the wedding who she thinks may be her father. Singing, dancing, and laughs ensue.
The musical has eight lead roles, said Robert Whiteman, the play’s director, and a supporting cast of 35. In addition, he said, the art club has lent a hand, painting scenery. In all, about 50 students are involved with the production.
“Mamma Mia!” he said, provides even more of a challenge for the cast because performers are asked to do a lot of dancing while also singing pop songs from the 1970s.
Decadent details: Sophie, played by Sydney Wilson, center, along with friends Ali, played by Leah Reilly, and Lisa, played by Kiera Woods, read a diary kept by Sophie’s mother in her youth.
Life’s a whirl: Sophie, played

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.772472
Retrieved Text: Members of the robotics team at Camden Haven High School are feeling confident ahead of an international robotics competition in March. The First Robotics Competition is in Sydney over the weekend of March 15-17. The event brings together students and mentors to build robots that perform in a competitive but gracious environment against teams from all over the world. Camden Haven High School robotics teacher mentor Jasper Pengelly said the 2019 team was fantastic and members had been working hard through their holidays to kick off the design and building process. The 2019 event requires teams to build a large robot which is capable of multiple space-themed challenges. Mr Pengelly said he feels confident going into the first round of the competition in Sydney. The team in 2019 has increased in size with 25 students, six staff and two parents. Mr Pengelly said it’s wonderful to see female students getting involved in the robotics field, which traditionally has been male-dominated. In 2019 there are 13 female students and 12 male students from Camden Haven High School in the competition. The competition sparks a team bonding experience, with older students mentoring younger students during the weeks leading up the event. Mr Pengely said it’s wonderful to witness the mentoring across the student generations and the diversity of the group. He said it’s important for young students to look up to older students as role models. Robotics, Mr Pengelly said enables students to learn a whole range of skill sets including cooperation and communication skills. Mr Pengelly said

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.685959
Retrieved Text: Looking back at our school days, most of us had a favorite teacher. Maybe it was the one who taught you to read or encouraged you to pursue art. Or maybe it was the teacher who challenged you to achievements that you thought beyond your capabilities. Through all that they do, teachers shape students’ lives; we remember them long after we leave their classrooms.
For Fauquier native George Ripley Robinson, this was certainly true. Before he passed in 2003, Robinson often talked about his time at the now-closed Bealeton High School (BHS). Somehow, the conversation always came back around to his classes with Mr. A. G. Steiner. Steiner taught Industrial Arts where students learned to use basic hand tools and draft building plans among other technical skills. He, more than any other teacher, was responsible for laying the groundwork for the career in trim carpentry that Robinson eventually pursued and at which he excelled.
When Robinson graduated in 1941, he created his own yearbook – the school having made no plans to issue an official one as there were only ten members of the senior class. In it he included portraits of each BHS student, teacher and staff member. A candid photo of Mr. Steiner in his classroom can be found on page 56.
The Fauquier County Public Library is pleased to announce that a copy of Robinson’s unique 1941 Bealeton High School yearbook is now available to view in the Warrenton central library’s Virginiana Room. It joins our growing collection of yearbooks (both rare and more recent) from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.633327
Retrieved Text: I do not believe that contracts signed by teachers and principals actually have an effect on the ability of students to learn. The administration such as the PTA, and the board of educators do not know how to teach in a classroom, nor do they have real life experiance as a teacher.
Being a teacher, I have a special insight in this entire world of signing papers, contracts, and the like. I work for Los Angeles Unified School District, as an English teacher, for a high school. Upon my acceptance in this program, which the administrators that actually run the school welcomed me with open arms, I had to sign a contract stating that I would teach the prescribed curriculum to the students by the time testing came around. I signed it with a little hesitation, but could not get the job if I didn’t, and headed over to the teachers lounge.
While in there, I met the other two English teachers and asked them about the piece of paper that I signed. They told me that twice a year, there’s a standardized test for the students to take, to make sure that they’re learning the curriculum, and if more than 10% of my class failed the test, then I would be pulled before the board, and would eventually loose my job. But, they added, not to worry, because all I had to do was hand out a packet, and tell them to study it, because those would be the points on the test. I looked at the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.622236
Retrieved Text: The schoolboy did not show any aggression.
Secondary school №2 in Staubtsy, where the attack took place, is cordoned off, children leave the school building and join their parents by several people, their phones are turned off, the Radio Svaboda correspondent reports from the spot.
Parents are waiting for the schoolchildren at the school entrance. They told that they had learned about the incident from the call of their children. They began to call and tell them about the tragedy. After that, the students' phones were turned off. Now children are released in groups of several people every 10-15 minutes.
"He got along well with everyone"
Students' parents and local residents said that the teenager who had attacked the teacher and the students studied well and had no problems at school. He never showed any aggression, he was in good relations with classmates. He is from an ordinary family, he studied very good at junior school.
"The pupils respected the teacher"
The murdered 50-year-old history teacher had a good relationship with her students. Her former student Mikalai told journalists about her.
According to him, the teacher taught history and the subject "Human. Societies. State". She was not strict and her children respected her fair treatment. Students never complained about her.
"She never raised her voice! She was the best teacher ever. We met a week ago (on Graduate Day – ed.). She looked as young as always," – Mikalai said.
"Tears are coming to my eyes... She was one of the few teachers whom I remember as a kind person full of compassion," – other

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: Context: Sasha's mom passed out in the middle of the party. Aubrey took Sasha's mom to the hospital.

Question: What will Aubrey want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: help Aubrey go back home

B: keep on partying without the mom

C: going on with the mom

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.55748
Retrieved Text: During a recent White House meet-and-greet, a wailing baby just wasn't having it, reports Mediaite.
That smart little kiddo just. Didn't. Care! that the arms holding her were actually the famously well-toned guns of Malia and Sasha's mom.
But before the first lady passed back the baby girl, she handed her to the president -- and the baby instantly stopped crying, winning a smug look from Barack Obama and mock indignation from Michelle.
Turns out the executive office comes with all sorts of powers. Barack Obama could just be the greatest baby-soothing invention since the bouncy seat.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.612114
Retrieved Text: The girls question Sasha's decision to take on the National Committee.
The girls head to France to compete.
The girls compete against the boys for gym space.
It's time for the Rocky Awards.
Competitiveness, arguments and self doubt fill The Rock.
Temptation arises for the girls when Austin throws a party.
Beals reveals to Lauren that her dad is funding Emily.
Chloe gives Lauren an ultimatum which backfires on her.
Lauren's mom comes back to Boulder to form a relationship with her.
Sasha's future at the rock is put in jeopardy.
With the World's tryouts over, there is little for the girls to celebrate.
When the new coach arrives at The Rock, life as they knew it changes.
Darby has the girls swap routines.
The choices made at The Rock have a different outcome than expected.
The girls take fate into their own hands.
One of The Rock girls must deal with career ending, news.
Kaylie's return may not be the warm welcome she was hoping for!
The gym heats up as the last slot for the Worlds' team is filled.
Confidences are betrayed on the eve of the Worlds competition!
The Rock girls compete for the World's title.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.54451
Retrieved Text: Midland's new Hooked Bomb (premeried by Boiler Room) driving us to Summer Mood! + Sasha's Drop at Boat Party Miami! - Track? !D.
Home » Geo Myros » Lets Vibe Lets Techno » Midland's new Hooked Bomb (premeried by Boiler Room) driving us to Summer Mood! + Sasha's Drop at Boat Party Miami!
Midland's new Hooked Bomb (premeried by Boiler Room) driving us to Summer Mood! + Sasha's Drop at Boat Party Miami!
Blush EP comes April 29th.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 49.22826
Retrieved Text: Mom and Dad's Blog We took many pictures of Sasha once she left CCU, we never felt right taking pictures in CCU until toward the end. A fellow parent mentioned they had taken pictures so they could one day show their daughter how brave she was, so she would understand. Some of the CCU pictures were then incorporated into the website for the Association of Critical Care Nurses, Toronto Chapter, a website that we built for the chapter out of thanks to the nurses, and that was launched before Sasha's second surgery. The home page has three images in rotation (refresh the page to see all three). After Sasha left CCU, we moved into a private room and then the picture and video taking went on 24/7.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.725582
Retrieved Text: What's On: The Sunday Brunch at Sasha's Restaurant, Bar & Dining Lounge Afternoon tea at Sasha's Restaurant, Bar & Dining Lounge A la Carte Brunch at Sasha's Restaurant, Bar & Dining Lounge Rump day at Sasha's Restaurant, Bar & Dining Lounge Happy hour at Sasha's Restaurant, Bar & Dining Lounge Sasha's-Monday Steak Night Sasha's Weekly Special Sasha’s Sunday Brunch Steak & Craft Beer at Sasha's Meat Lover Wednesday at Sasha's Sasha's Thursday Curry Club!
Nestled in the heart of the former French concession Sasha's restaurant/bar & dining lounge boasts one of the largest alfresco gardens in Shanghai, Sasha's 1st floor bar & garden menu ranges from an array platters to share, salads, plenty of favourite western food classics, Asian dishes and an extensive grill section with steaks from some of the best Australian and Wagyu cuts around. The menu also boasts a great selection of the best pizzas in town. Their newly renovated 2nd floor dining lounge features a menu designed by Executive Chef Tim Zhu, well priced succulent steaks including large 1kg Tomahawk and Angus beef varieties to share, seafood dishes and other casual fine dining classics. All paired with a selection of top wines from around the world. Sasha's also offers a range of 16 draught beers this includes ice cold Ciders, Ales, IPAs and lagers, top range whiskeys and cocktails. Open from 11am until 2am daily starting with Sasha's breakfast and lunch ala carte or sets on offer. Saturdays offer an affordable ala carte brunch menu that includes a drink. Every Sunday the famous

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.314358
Retrieved Text: For Mother's Day my Mom and Grandma had me make them both of these dishes as their 'gift'. I had actually never cooked Mahi Mahi before but knew my Mom loved it so I looked up some recipes, considering what she already had in the house and settled on this one. As for the risotto, my Mom was more specific, saying she wanted, seared scallops with mushrooms, and leeks.
Let's start with the Mahi Mahi.
Mix everything but the fish in a bowl and then add the fish and let marinate for 20 minutes in the fridge. After that, heat some light olive oil (takes high heat better my Mom taught me) in a pan and then add the fish, skin down, without the marinade and let it brown until crispy before turning. I only turn anything once and after I turned it, I let the other side sear for a minute or so before adding the marinade and letting it cook and thicken until the fish was done. The recipe suggested cooking the fish first and the marinade separately probably to let the fish cook completely without rushing it or to properly thicken the sauce but I ignored or forgot this and it turned out great anyway. The sauce had an amazing flavor! Also check out Sasha's Mahi Mahi Fish Tacos with Mango Salsa.
Start by sauteing the veggies in olive oil & white truffle oil until soft while heating the broth and then add the rice and the wine and continue to stir until the rice has

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.79635
Retrieved Text: When I met Sasha and Corey for the first time, I stayed long and we talked much.
It was dark when I left, and my heart was happy.
We were a really good fit for a client-photographer relationship.
Sasha was sitting at 40 weeks and 2 days when I got a text message one Friday night at 9:23 PM.
Two lovers had spent their afternoons at the Ohio State Fair walking and eating and not riding rides (because pregnant), and she was feeling pressure and pain that were different than the Braxton Hicks she'd been experiencing. She said she'd start timing them and circle back with me.
A 2:39 AM check-in reveals the contractions are consistent- but not so painful that she's ready to head into the hospital- and that she was resting in between.
I let her know that I'd check in with her in the morning.
snd I want to be you when I grow up.
Thank you for inviting me into your sacred space. For allowing me the honor of documenting it.
Eliot is lucky to have you as Mama, Corey is lucky to have you as his teammate and partner, and I am lucky to know you, and call you friend.
Birth Support: Sasha's Mom, and her husband, Corey.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.913326
Retrieved Text: Sasha's most recent compositions and productions were made for Russian children's theater.
The style of his composition can be described as symphonic-jazz, but he also works and experiment with more contemporary genres. Please scroll below to listen to the music or visit the Sasha's lessons page.
and lead man to a radiant future.
© 2017 All Right Reserved. Current Tracks Inc.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.740788
Retrieved Text: Click the button below to add the SASHA'S WAY by Scott Haskins to your wish list.
Sasha, a heart broken counselor of abused women takes matters into her own hands to right the wrongs done to them. She becomes judge and jury and right the wrongs her way, Sasha's way.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.08954
Retrieved Text: A beautifully written novel about love, class differences, and betrayal playing out over the course of a fractured American family's Long Island summer from #1 New York Times bestselling author Ann Brashares, author of the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series. "A gorgeously written novel on love, loss and family." --NICOLA YOON, #1 New York Times bestselling author of Everything, Everything Summer for Sasha and Ray means the sprawling old house on Long Island. Since they were children, they've shared almost everything--reading the same books, running down the same sandy footpaths to the beach, eating peaches from the same market, laughing around the same sun-soaked dining table. Even sleeping in the same bed, on the very same worn cotton sheets. But they've never met. Sasha's dad was once married to Ray's mom, and together they had three daughters: Emma, the perfectionist; Mattie, the beauty; and Quinn, the favorite. But the marriage crumbled and the bitterness lingered. Now there are two new families--and neither one will give up the beach house that holds the memories, happy and sad, of summers past. The choices we make come back to haunt us; the effect on our destinies ripples out of our control . . . or does it? This summer, the lives of Sasha, Ray, and their siblings intersect in ways none of them ever dreamed, in a novel about family relationships, keeping secrets, and most of all, love. ★ "Masterful." -- PW, Starred ★ "A continuous, consistently engrossing narrative . . . deeply moving." -- The Bulletin, Starred

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.848972
Retrieved Text: Mystic and fanofdmb84 - those are some GREAT cages!
I wanted to take out the middle separator so it's all open, but I'm a little worried about her falling. What do you guys do to prevent this? Any suggestions?
I have my middle shelf out and my chins do fine. To try and prevent falls from the top, I have a hammock streched across the middle.
I want to be a part of this club so bad!! haha those are some great looking cages!
Sasha where did you get those deep pans from?
I am not Sasha, but you can get deep metal pans from Bass Equipment. The have a set for the Ferret Nation cages that they just call Ferret. Costs about 60 bucks (depending on shipping) for a set for the FN142.
Sasha's in Canada and I think she got hers from Grandview Rabbitry.
This is my cage pretty much its separated in this picture but it usually isnt.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.91801
Retrieved Text: Katy's UK Tour this March is now sold out!
Katy will play Brighton, London, Oxford, Birmingham and Manchester between March 25 and 29.
Supporting Katy on all dates will be Sasha Keable - click here to download Sasha's 'Black Book EP'.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.517605
Retrieved Text: DS chats to Hollyoaks actress Nathalie Emmanuel about her character's relationship with Warren Fox.
After fighting her way from the darkest depths of drug addiction, Hollyoaks' Sasha Valentine - played by 20-year-old Nathalie Emmanuel - now seems to have her life back on track. Since the beginning of the year, Sasha's eyes have been firmly focused on the village's resident bad boy Warren Fox (Jamie Lomas), and while wooing him she's forged a strong bond with his foster brother, Spencer (Darren Langford). Now with her ideal man within metaphorical reaching distance, Sasha ups her game over the next couple of weeks to the point where Warren can resist no longer. We chat to Nathalie to find out more.
What do you think attracts Sasha to Warren?
"I think that Sasha going for an older boyfriend helps her in her mission to feel more grown up. Also, what girl doesn't like a bad boy? Warren fits both requirements and she sees him as a challenge, too. Apart from that, she has quite an addictive personality, so when sets her eyes on someone or something, she'll go to any length to get it."
Even though she's 18, do you think Sasha's still quite immature?
"Yeah, she's very immature. I think it comes down to her general lack of judgement! Everyone's telling her how Warren's bad news and he even broke her brother Calvin's heart when he got with Louise, but she's still blinded by him."
She's been teasing Warren for weeks now. Why hasn't she made a move?
"As much as she acts confident around

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.516975
Retrieved Text: The cutest wine bar!It's a wine bar, so you can be sure the selection is great.
Wine selection is formidable, although I didn’t survey the wine list in detail.
Great place to relax and have a few drinks - average pricing. I only had the hummus with pita from the food menu so it was ok. Other food looked a little pricey. Could be an nice date spot.
Charming location, eclectic menu, good flatbread and nice wine selection. Only single person wait staff, but he really hustled.
Lunch at Sasha's on Shaw was such a pleasant experience. The food was excellent, service at its best and a very relaxed atmosphere. Would love to go again and highly recommend.
Enjoyed eating on the lovely patio. Food was good, service a bit draggy. Make sure you allow plenty of time before an event. Lovely wine. Ate dinner here before attending the Flora Borealis show at the Botanical Garden.
Get quick answers from Sasha's On Shaw staff and past visitors.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.455315
Retrieved Text: Women's Health has revealed Michelle Obama's secrets for sculpting her bionic, headline-grabbing arms. For the first time the First Lady's personal trainer Cornell McClellan has detailed their regimen, which he says he's put Obama through since 1997, starting at 5:30 a.m. "She's truly committed herself to the importance of health and fitness," McClellan says. "I believe the purpose of training is to tighten up the slack, toughen the body, and polish the spirit. To do that, we take a holistic approach that includes strength, cardiovascular, and flexibility training." Get the deets here!
Media Overhype: Michelle Obama’s Shorts!
Just when the media world calmed down over First Lady Michelle Obama exposing her arms in sleeveless dresses, the frenzy begins again as Michelle reveals her legs in a pair of shorts! On a recent family trip to the Grand Canyon in Arizona, the First Lady donned a pair of slate blue shorts and some critics are questioning whether that's an appropriate attire for a woman of her rank. Blindie thinks the real faux pas is that Michelle is wearing a pair of "mom shorts." Similar to mom jeans, mom shorts are just as unflattering and should be banned from the American wardrobe. But we're not mad at Michelle, because her legs look great!
After her Rainbow Brite skirt DON'T, we were seriously questioning our First Lady's style...but after Michelle Obama debuted this sleek new bob on Tuesday, we fell in love with her style all over again. The gorgeous figure looked stunning as she and the president hosted a country music

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.31545
Retrieved Text: Zlatoust Weapons Company (Q1 Weapons).
He was the Press director of Norwegian newspapers Greater Urals Gazette, one of the beta version newspapers written mostly in English. He started the forum for Northern Alliance.
Sasha's death was discovered on January 27, 2009.
This page was last edited on 20 August 2018, at 11:26.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.723923
Retrieved Text: I was so grateful to be able to capture Sasha's senior pictures. She is a friend and is such an amazing person! The kind of girl you hope your daughters will grow up to be like. And she is just stunning!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.71913
Retrieved Text: You are playing Sasha's Health Spa. Do not forget to play one of the other great Skill games at GamesXL.com!
Help Sasha run the spa shop. Keep the customers happy.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.510975
Retrieved Text: "It's awesome, Dad!", Sasha gushed, a little overwhelmed and momentarily frozen in place.
"I knew you'd like it," he replied, "don't forget to look around you."
She slowly panned left to right, hardly noticing the bulk of the oversized space helmet. As she looked down, her spacesuit and gloved hand shimmered reddish pink, reflecting back the otherworldly objects that dominated the scene. To her left, an astronaut was securing a flag on the alien surface. As he tapped the pole, streaks of pink-grey soil flew out in graceful arcs for many meters, some striking Sasha's spacesuit and bouncing off. The ground around them was awash with footprints. She squinted, and could see a tiny tear of pride in the corner of the astronauts eye as he stood next to the flag. Carefully, she turned around in place scanning the sky, and there it was. Barely larger than a star, and the only blue object anywhere in sight. The Earth.
She couldn't contain herself; "It's exactly like the IMAX movie we just saw!"
"That's right, Sash. But remember, what you're seeing is not a movie, it's a recording. This actually happened six months ago on Phobos, one of Mars' moons."
"I know that Dad! Weve been following the mission in school for a couple of years now. And Mars has another moon called Deimos... I can't believe how close Mars looks from here. It's just huge! I guess it should look big since it's the same size as all the land on Earth, huh?" While only fifteen years old, she was confident

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.28444
Retrieved Text: Add a foot of snow, soft enough to not support her weight, makes that much more strength needed to make the climb.
The dogs love our walk and in this case, cross-country skiing venture half-mile across the field to the Creek. They all run up and down the banks as if it's no work/stress at all. In the summer time they find this creek fun to swim in. And ah yes, how she loves the water!
Maggie is a natural, low-heeler. She helps me by watching the gate as I feed the sheep and horses. When the sheep get close to the gate, she does her lil' "grrrr" as she charges towards them, pushing them back. Her method is like Sasha's and that is to put them all in the small pen and hold them there. Maggie is a gritty little ES and yet she is very soft, easy-going with the chickens as she helps put them in at night.
A very velcro, loving ES with loads of bid-ability and yet she's got that wonderful bossy nature I so love in these dogs. She has a heart of gold, cannot be without her family. When she was 3 months old she helped nurture and "mother" Copper x Sasha second litter of pups as if they were her own. In a short order she won Sasha's heart!
Maggie in her height of glory.......this picture shows her true self.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.08727
Retrieved Text: My mom passed away late yesterday afternoon. Quietly and peacefully.
Ironically, I was out with middle daughter after buying groceries when the call came from hospice. Ironic since this daughter and I planned on dropping off our supplies and heading to the hospital so she could say her goodbyes to my mom. Wasn't meant to be, but I wasn't keen on her last memory being of Mom in the state she was in anyhow.
The hospice nurse said Mom expired which I thought was a strange phrase to use. Then she said she was sorry for my loss.
She rejoices in Heaven with my dad, her parents, her sister and lots of relatives. Not to mention Jesus Himself.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.887787
Retrieved Text: Sasha has a great idea. She want to start her own luxurious spa salon. Help Sasha run a luxurious spa by tending the customers and keeping them happy. Became an important part of Sasha's Health Spa in this awesome management game.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.862835
Retrieved Text: I am so excited to tell you that each month there will be a guest designer for Feed Your Craft who will be sharing a new project using mini flair from my shop. To kick things off is a woman whose work I've admired for the last couple of years.
I discovered Sasha Farina when I first started my Studio Calico scrapbook subscription in early 2013. I was immediately drawn to her hand and machine stitching, creative use of embellishments, and whimsical touches with mist droplets and stamped images. Here's one of my more recent favorites of hers.
Sasha is currently creating gorgeous projects as part of the October Afternoon Design Team and the Ali Edwards Digital Creative Team. You can view her gallery here as well as find her on Instagram, Pinterest, facebook, and Twitter.
Now head over to her blog, Sasha Farina. Paper. Play., and see what she has created using Feed Your Craft mini flair! I have no doubt that you'll be inspired by Sasha's work so she has a coupon code for you to purchase your own flair to make something lovely.
Love the mini flair, so many beautiful designs! Sasha really rocked the travel flair!!
This is such a great clean layout.
Ooh such a lovely layout. That stitching is inspiring.
Love the page, Sasha! Fun design!
This is so cool, Elise!! I love Sasha's work. Congrats to you!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.69309
Retrieved Text: Check out the day-to-day spoilers and a sneak peek video below to find out what's happening on CBS soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful during the week of June 13-17, 2016.
Bill looks into the legitimacy of Wyatt and Steffy's marriage; Liam sees a chance to pursue what he wants.
Liam gets a lecture about family from Bill; Thomas tells Caroline the role he intends to play in Douglas' life.
Wyatt gets caught up in a conflict between Steffy and Quinn; Sasha's promotion hits a speed bump.
Ridge gives Steffy relationship advice; Brooke feels guilty.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.652184
Retrieved Text: Thank you again to Arpita for the gift of fluff that's getting very good use!
Beautiful baby. Love the one of him yawning! Gorgeous carrier, too - did you make it?
He is so so georgious. I loved the pictures, so calm and sweet.
He is gorgeous! And I love how he ha the blissed out 1st bath experience!
Oh, my ovaries! What a beautiful family you have, Lauren! I love them all, but the photo with Sam is particularly precious.
Such a beautiful pictures....thank you for sharing them with us. He's absolutely precious.
Beautiful shots! Sasha's cord stump took SOO long to fall of, it took forever before we could bathe her. I gave her the first sponge-bath in the hospital, but was getting *really* weak before I could finish (I had to stand at the warmer).
So... how do you regulate the bath water, or do you? We have one of those floating toys that tells you when the water is hot and I think it is a bunch of hooey.
@Gauri: I did! At the last minute before he was born, and I'm so glad, because it's working so well for us. I'll have to put up a post of the process soon!
@Momma Jorje: Are you not supposed to bathe them before the stump falls off?? Good thing I didn't research that one or I'd have had to feel guilty… ;) For both our boys, their stumps fell off within a few days — maybe the baths helped!
Absolutely beautiful. These photos make me eager to meet my own little miracle. But

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.609356
Retrieved Text: Stopping John in his tracksand resisting the sizzle between themis Sasha's best defense. But there's more to him than she thought, which changes everything. With what matters most at stake, she'll have to risk a brand-new future with John, or walk away from the man whose heart belongs to her.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.55121
Retrieved Text: The year was 2004, and world-reknown DJ Sasha was moving from his trance roots to a more minimal and progressive breaks sound. He released Involver on the Global Underground label. Tracks which Sasha admired by other artists were chosen for this album and have each been remixed to give Sasha's own interpretation of them. Sasha received a Grammy nomination for his remix of Felix da Housecat's "Watching Cars Go By", which was featured on Involver.
4. UNKLE - What Are You To Me?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.40738
Retrieved Text: Jon David Salon - Sasha R.
Sasha has been with Jon David Salon since 2012. She has assisted and got mentored by expert stylists while she went through apprenticeship here at Jon David, and is working behind the chair since 2015.
The ability to positively affect people's lives.
Sasha is very detailed oriented.
Less is more. Good professional, essential products, shampoo, conditioner, and essential products will keep your color and/or out last you between salon visits.
Sasha's Sample Gallery. Click to view the full size image.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.32138
Retrieved Text: So The Politician did the "I have to strip off all my clothes to poop" thing tonight- at Mr. Sasha's sister's house. So just like I was afraid of, it's not just at home... damn. What the hell am I going to do about this- and what's behind this weirdness?
2. Less laundry for you because he's not getting poop on his clothes.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.102306
Retrieved Text: Florence J. Speranza (Beaulieu), 87, passed away on March 15, 2019 at Albany Medical Center due to complications during surgery. She was the widow of James Anthony Speranza. They shared 51 years of marriage together before his passing. Florence was born in Messena, NY, the daughter of the late Armand and Albertine Beaulieu. She was retired and worked with her husband until his death in November of 2000. Florence enjoyed cleaning her house and cooking for her family and friends. She is survived by her sister and brother-in-law Stella and Ed Prior; daughter, Mona Harrington and her partner Tommy Scheilding; grandson, Jason Harrington and his partner Sasha DeMarino, their son Bodhi James and Sasha's son Vincent; grandaughter, Amanda Marsceill; son-in-law, Jay Marsceill; granddaughter, Christina Harrington-Stutzmann and her husband R.J. Stutzmann. She was predeceased by her daughter Tina Marsceill. Per Florence's request, she asks that everyone remember and honor her in their own way in lieu of donations or a memorial service.

================



======= Instance Index 12 =========
Input Text: Context: Cameron promised not to tell anyone about Ash's surprise party. Cameron told someone the secret.

Question: What does Cameron need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: tell Ash about the party

B: Go to Ash's party

C: tell someone about the party

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.44268
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Animé Polls' started by Genaller, Nov 8, 2018.
Who was the worst at crushing Ash’s dreams?
1. Actively tried to keep Ash’s chances alive by pleading with the ref to not disqualify him and wait longer while TRio were busy actually trying to crush Ash’s dreams.
2. Didn’t deliver the final blow in crushing Ash’s dreams, but instead just stood back and let Ash’s Charizard do that for him!
He’s a nice guy but clearly horrible at dream crushing .
How was Ritchie the 'Dream Crusher' LMAO? Ash lost the match because of 1) TR's intervention 2) His folly of not using Bulbasaur who got 2 KO's in the previous match 3) Not sorting out Charizard's disobedient issues despite having 2 freaking full months before the League. It was mostly his own fault. That battle was undoubtedly the worst battle ever in the anime by far, plus that League loss was also absolute ****, but that doesn't make Ritchie the worst dream crusher, cuz it was mostly Ash's fault.
Worst dream crusher was definitely Cameron. Couldn't have even entered the League has Ash not hurried him to it in time, was a legitimate IQ>50 idiot, came with 5 Pokemon, send 2 of his Pokemon in 4x disadvantages in the battle, but still beat Ash. Hardly anyone ever comes even close to being worse.
The instant Ash mentioned the Kalos league... he doomed himself to losing that to Alain!
Diablous Ex Machina the character!
So how is Alain simultaneously the best and worst dream crusher (according to your votes)?
Well I'd say Alain and Tobias,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.385487
Retrieved Text: The Prime Minister has promised that Tories campaigning to leave the EU will only be made moderate examples of.
David Cameron made the announcement yesterday evening through teeth more gritted than Russian roads in January.
“You will be treated with only the mildest of absolute contempt,” twitched Cameron.
“You will remain moderately safe while walking the corridors of Westminster, those photos of you at THAT party will remain mostly under wraps and I will summon George to lightly pop your testicles with a vice clamp.
“Sorry, not that last one, that’s more of a dream than a policy.
Local MP, Malcolm McDodgerson, said “Yeah, I’ll be voting to stay in.
“I’d rather leave, but when I told Dave about it he made that noise that unscrupulous mechanics make when an old woman opens the bonnet of her car.
“Then he walked off, pounding his fist into his palm.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.670986
Retrieved Text: According to Cameron, he felt sorry for the sick girl sitting on the other side of the pew. He wanted to get her a tissue, but thought it would be weird, so he didn’t. The following week at church, both Ashley and Cameron attended the dinner social.
“I threw the whole party for her, just so I could talk to her again,” Cameron says.
“Cameron has told a lot of people that it was love at first sight. I’ll tell you, I’ve never been so grateful to be sick before,” Ashley says.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.281857
Retrieved Text: Britain's relationship with the rest of the European Union hardly figured during the recent general election campaign, but it has dominated the news since, with Prime Minister David Cameron almost immediately embarking on a whistle-stop tour of European capitals. This tour is nothing less than an attempt at a charm offensive to curry support and understanding from fellow leaders to help dig him out of the hole which he has dug for himself.
Cameron has even said that if his negotiations fail, he himself would vote in favour of our leaving!
For himself? Yes. David Cameron reportedly claimed during a session with French President Francois Hollande on 28 May that pressure for the promised referendum had been building up since the Labour Government ratified the UK's acceptance of the Lisbon Treaty without holding the referendum that Tony Blair had promised.
If there was indeed pressure for a referendum on a Treaty that the British public showed little interest in, it was such low pressure that it escaped most of us.
No, this Government is committed to a referendum on whether we should remain in the European Union for the simple reason that during his first (2010-2015) term of office, Cameron himself came under pressure from vociferous right wing Conservative eurosceptics to call a referendum, and this pressure was reinforced by the rise in popularity of Ukip.
But the fact of the matter is that most of the British people could not care less about the Lisbon Treaty, even if they know what it is about. What this referendum is about, due

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.064693
Retrieved Text: "Hey Jasmine, can Hayes and I sleepover tonight?" "Actually I was going to have a sleepover with just Taylor. I&apos;m sorry!" She looked sad for saying no to me. "Nah its fine, ummm Hayes wanna sleepover at my house?" "Oohh sure! Can Nash and Cameron come?" "Sure!" "Yay party at Kali&apos;s tonight!" "Sure, if you wanna call it that." I looked at Jasmine and she was getting in her car. I ran up to her to tell her something. "Hey, no naughty business tonight." "Omg Kali go away! Thats not going to happen!" "Whats not going to happen?" Taylor asked as he got into Jasmine&apos;s car. "NOTHING!" "Okay?" "Ignore her Taylor." "Bye Jasmine! Bye Taylor! Have fun at your sleepover but not to much fun if you know what I mean!" "GOD KALI GET AWAY!" Hahahaha god I&apos;m so funny. I turned around and Cameron was standing there. He looked sad and mad at the same time. "Hey Cam, whats wrong with you?" "Uhh what, oohh nothing. Lets go." I got into Cameron&apos;s car and we drove off. Hayes was in the backseat with me. Nash starting laughing so hard. "Whats so funny?" "Oohh just Jasmine." He said looking at his phone. I looked at Cameron who looked a lot more mad. God what was his problem. "How did you get Jasmine&apos;s number?" Cameron asked. "Oohh she gave it to me, why?" "Oohh I was just wondering." "No, man. Theres something up, whats the matter?" Ohh snap. Shits about to go down. "I really like Jasmine

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.90458
Retrieved Text: Former prime minister and Conservative leader David Cameron.
David Cameron was warned that his “stupid referendum” about Britain’s EU membership could end in personal disaster, a new documentary reveals.
The serving European Council president, Donald Tusk, told Inside Europe: Ten Years of Turmoil, that Cameron confided in him that he only promised the 2016 vote because he expected to be in another coalition with the Lib Dems, who would veto it.
The BBC documentary series, due to be broadcast on January 28, features interviews with a broad swathe of political figures from all sides of Brexit, including former chancellor George Osborne, ex-foreign secretary William Hague, president of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker and former French presidents Nicolas Sarkozy and Francois Hollande.
Cameron, who quit as prime minister in 2016 after leading the failed Remain campaign, was the main notable figure not to take part.
The producers said today that he declined because he has signed an exclusive deal for his memoirs.
In a straight-talking interview, former Polish prime minister Tusk described talking to Cameron before the referendum, while he was trying to get concessions from EU leaders on migrant benefits in an attempt to head off Eurosceptic Tory MPs.
Tusk said he warned the PM there was “no appetite for revolution”, adding: “I asked David Cameron, ‘Why did you decide on this referendum, this - it’s so dangerous, so, even, stupid, you know’.
“He told me - and I was really amazed and even shocked - that the only reason was his own party. He told me he felt really safe, because he thought

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.70553
Retrieved Text: Cameron supports changes to the Lisbon Treaty, but where is the promised referendum?
It seems David Cameron is prepared to renege on his election promise to put all changes to EU treaties to a referendum in the UK.
In a speech to the House of Commons following his first meeting of the European Council, made up of the prime ministers and presidents of the 27 EU Member States, Mr Cameron was full of bravado about not letting any agreement ‘alter member state competences’ . However, despite quoting Margaret Thatcher, in reality Cameron is supporting Germany’s desire to make changes to the Lisbon Treaty in the wake of the financial crisis and the problems caused by the situation in Greece. If these treaty changes are to go forward, where, Mr Cameron, is your treasured referendum?
David Cameron also supported the EU 2020 Strategy and Millennium Development Goals in his speech to MPs. I found this a little strange since, as Harriet Harman rightly pointed out in her response, Conservative MEPs have either abstained or voted against these measures in the European Parliament. Cameron didn’t even have a response, deciding instead, rather pathetically, to say that he would be keeping an eye on the Labour and Lib Dem MEPs. I wonder what the Tories’ coalition partners made of this.
Following George Osborne’s deeply damaging budget, David Cameron’s antics in Europe add depth and context to the picture of the Coalition Government which is beginning to emerge, an image of a Conservative Party that really does not know what it is doing over

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.454334
Retrieved Text: David Cameron has sought to draw a line under the Tory funding row by announcing the party is to publish details of all dinners attended by major donors who have given more than £50,000.
Hours after the Cabinet Office minister, Francis Maude, said details would not be released, Downing Street published a list of dinners in Downing Street attended by 11 donors and their spouses.
The move came as Ed Miliband intensified the pressure on the prime minister by announcing he is to reply to a Commons statement this afternoon by Maude.
The prime minister began a speech on dementia in central London by announcing a series of measures following the resignation of the party's treasurer, Peter Cruddas, who admitted selling access to Cameron and other senior ministers.
• 14 July 2010 in No 10 attended by Murdoch Maclennan, the chief executive of the Telegraph Media Group, and the veteran Tory donor Anthony Bamford and his wife Carole.
• 28 February 2011 in the prime minister's flat above No 11 Downing Street attended by David Rowland and the Tory co-chair Lord Feldman. Rowland had stood down as Tory treasurer in August 2010 after just two months in the post following a campaign against him orchestrated by a senior Tory.
• 2 November 2011 in the prime minister's No 11 flat attended by the veteran Tory donor Michael Farmer and his wife and by Henry and Dorothy Angest.
• 27 February 2012 in the No 11 flat attended by the former Tory treasurer and Cameron friend Michael Spencer and his wife.
Speaking on Radio 4's

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.346054
Retrieved Text: LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister David Cameron’s Conservative Party said on Friday it had selected lawmaker Zac Goldsmith, who opposes the expansion of Heathrow Airport and might back Britain leaving the European Union, as its candidate for London mayor.
The current mayor, Boris Johnson, stands down after two terms in May next year and Goldsmith’s main challenger to succeed him will be left-leaning Labour lawmaker Sadiq Khan.
“Under Boris, London now leads the world in business, tech, media, art and culture – benefiting from unprecedented investment,” said Goldsmith, who won 70 percent of votes cast.
He promised as mayor to invest in London’s transport network while cutting travel costs, and to address a housing crisis to stop Londoners from being priced out of the city.
Johnson, mayor since 2008, recently won a seat in Britain’s parliament and is considered to be a contender for leader of the Conservative Party after Cameron, who has said he will step down before the next election in 2020.
Goldsmith, like Johnson, is a critic of plans to build a third runway at Heathrow, a position which puts him at odds with Cameron and others in the Conservative Party.
Cameron is in a difficult position after pledging to voters before an election in 2010 that he would not allow a third runway, “no ifs, no buts”. In July, a government-appointed Airports Commission recommended the Heathrow expansion.
Goldsmith also holds Eurosceptic views - another possible point of conflict with Cameron who has promised an in/out referendum on whether Britain should stay in the EU by the end of 2017.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.0213
Retrieved Text: London, England (CNN) -- The new British prime minister and his deputy appeared relaxed with each other as they took questions from the media Wednesday after burying the hatchet and forming the country's first coalition government since World War II.
David Cameron, the prime minister, and Nick Clegg, his deputy from coalition partner the Liberal Democrats, even got laughs about the Conservative leader having slammed Clegg on the campaign trail.
A journalist asked Cameron if he regretted the fact that he once answered "Nick Clegg" when asked what was his favorite joke.
"Did you really say that?" Clegg asked.
"I'm afraid I did," Cameron responded, somewhat sheepishly.
"I'm off, I'm off," Clegg answered, starting to walk away from his lectern.
"Come back!" Cameron shouted, to the laughter of journalists in the garden behind 10 Downing Street, the prime minister's residence.
"We're all going to have things thrown back at us," Cameron said. "We're looking at the bigger picture. ... And if it means swallowing some humble pie, and if it means eating some of your words, I cannot think of a more excellent diet."
The casual mood between the two men seemed genuine, but also may have been designed to answer the question hanging over the Conservative-Liberal Democrat pact: Can it last?
Both men repeatedly insisted it would, referring to the deal as a "five-year government."
"This is a government that will last," Cameron said.
As in many parliamentary systems, British governments can theoretically fall at any time if a majority of members of parliament vote against the prime minister on a key policy. That can lead

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.81008
Retrieved Text: Prime Minister David Cameron won a stunning election victory in Britain, overturning poll predictions that the vote would be the closest in decades to sweep easily into office for another five years, with his Labour opponents in tatters.
The sterling currency, bonds and shares surged on a result that reversed expectations of an inconclusive "hung parliament" in which Cameron would have had to jockey for power with Labour rival Ed Miliband.
Instead, Cameron was due to meet Queen Elizabeth before noon to accept a swift mandate to form a government. The royal standard was raised at Buckingham Palace to signal the queen was there awaiting him.
"This is the sweetest victory of all," he told enthusiastic supporters at party headquarters. "The real reason to celebrate tonight, the real reason to be proud, the real reason to be excited is we are going to get the opportunity to serve our country again."
Miliband was expected to step down as Labour leader. He said on Twitter: "The responsibility for the result is mine alone."
Despite the unexpectedly decisive outcome, more uncertainty looms over whether Britain will stay in the European Union - and even hold together as a country.
Scottish nationalists swept aside Labour, meaning that Scotland, which voted just last year to stay in the United Kingdom, will send just three representatives of major British parties to parliament and be all but shut out of the cabinet. That could revive calls for it to leave the United Kingdom.
Cameron sounded a conciliatory note toward Scotland, likely to be his first immediate headache.
"I want my

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.56465
Retrieved Text: David Cameron has won a resounding victory in the British election. Prime Minister Cameron has spoken out strongly against terrorism and has been a leading voice in enunciating the threat that radical Islam poses.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said he would press ahead with a planned referendum on the country’s membership of the European Union and he promised Scotland the most devolution “anywhere in the world” after his resounding election victory.
“Yes, we will deliver that in-out referendum on our future in Europe,” Cameron said as he addressed the media after visiting Queen Elizabeth to start the process of forming a new government.
Cameron said he would move ahead as fast as possible with a plan to give more powers to Scotland, which voted overwhelmingly for the pro-independence Scottish National Party.
Congratulations, Prime Minister Cameron. Best wishes for a successful term.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.52159
Retrieved Text: The UK elections watchdog has suspended its probe into loans to political parties pending the outcome of the Metropolitan Police investigation.
The Electoral Commission said the decision followed talks with police.
Scotland Yard said there were overlaps between its probe into "cash for peerages" claims and the commission's inquiry into millions in secret loans.
The commission wants party treasurers to confirm the loans they had received were agreed on commercial terms.
A commission spokeswoman said: "There's potential for the police investigation to overlap with areas we are looking at so it's better for the police to deal with it."
The suspension would last only until the police had completed their inquiries because the Electoral Commission was not yet satisfied that election funding laws had not been breached.
A Met Police statement said: "The investigation continues into allegations of awarding of honours in contravention of the Honours (Prevention of Abuses) Act 1925.
"As the investigation has progressed it has become clear there are inevitable overlaps between the 1925 Act and the Political Parties, Elections and Referendums Act 2000.
"As a result we are working closely with the Electoral Commission."
On Tuesday Tony Blair and Tory leader David Cameron met for talks - afterwards they said they had agreed the need to change party funding rules before the next election.
Mr Blair, Mr Cameron and the Lib Dems all say they will declare future loans.
Former Whitehall chief Sir Hayden Phillips has been appointed to liaise between parties with ideas for reform - which include possible state funding for political parties.
Before their meeting, Mr Cameron said he would be

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.481297
Retrieved Text: At the last Cotswold Green Party meetng on 20th February it was unanimously decided that we would campaign to stay in the EU although, as with the rest of the Green Party, for vastly different reasons to David Cameron.
Over a few blogs I am going to give my views on the Europe situation for what its worth and would love others to chip in with their ideas so as to engender a good debate.
Firstly - why on earth are we having this referendum anyway? It was something David Cameron promised in the run-up to the last general election when he felt the conservatives were losing ground to UKIP and he needed to placate some tory right wingers. So a political decision and nothing to do with being in the interests of the country.
He sits by while London is treated as an investment centre for foreign millionaires, raising the price of property so that British people cannot afford to live there.
Would anyone like to comment on these 2 points? Just click in the Comment Button.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.392574
Retrieved Text: Media captionPrime Minister David Cameron: "There are legitimate accusations of war crimes"
David Cameron has promised to send a "tough message" to Sri Lanka's government over alleged war crimes after it warned him not to question ministers at the Commonwealth summit.
The UK prime minister, who has rejected calls to boycott the meeting in Colombo, said there had to be "proper inquiries" into events in 2009.
But Sri Lanka's government said he had no right to bring up the subject, as he had not been invited on that basis.
The conference begins on Friday.
The Prince of Wales, who celebrated his 65th birthday on Thursday, is representing the Queen at the biennial event.
Mr Cameron's attendance follows trade talks in New Delhi with his Indian counterpart, Manmohan Singh, who is among those avoiding the event.
Mr Singh is joined by the prime ministers of Canada and Mauritius, who are staying away in protest over allegations that the regime of Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapaska carried out war crimes at the end of a civil war with Tamil separatists four years ago.
The UN estimates that 40,000 civilians were killed in the last five months of the 26-year conflict, but the Sri Lankan authorities deny responsibility.
In an interview with the BBC's Nick Robinson, Mr Cameron said: "There are legitimate accusations of war crimes that need to be properly investigated.
"That is actually what the Sri Lankan government, in its own lessons learned and reconciliation exercise, found - there were more questions to be answered. But it hasn't effectively answered them. They need to be answered.
"We should

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.238823
Retrieved Text: Prime Minister Gordon Brown and leader of the opposition David Cameron MP today described how their political parties will enable business and technology leaders to move Great Britain’s economy back to growth. Brown, opening the CBI Annual Conference, stressed the importance of technology in British business life whilst Cameron indicated his party believed in high speed rail links.
The annual meeting of British industrial leaders took on a heightened sense of importance today with the weekend’s news leaks that the government is to change its policy on taxation and impose higher taxes on those earning over £150,000. With the world and national economy dominating public agenda, Brown and Cameron used the event to clearly set out the demarcation lines between their parties.
In a slick presentation where he made overt gestures to not being a politician to the business leaders present, Cameron borrowed from the most loved national leader of the last century, Winston Churchill. “Never in the history of Britain have so many owed so much,” he said in reference to government and individual levels of debt. The leader of the opposition was angry with the PM over how his party has been represented by the government during the financial crisis. “You never get anywhere by misrepresenting your competitor’s products and he should stop doing it,” he said to the packed auditorium.
David Cameron, when asked by business leaders what his plans were for developing technology in the UK said the Conservative Party policy was to develop high speed rail networks to improve connections between Birmingham, Leeds and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.214985
Retrieved Text: The public is paying dearly for the Prime Minister's cult of personality, argues Simon Heffer.
That the public mood lightened last week when the BBC went on strike, and we were spared for a day or two endless earnest reports and analyses of the activities of our pygmy politicians, should hardly be a surprise. What perhaps requires further thought, both by politicians and those of us who report or analyse their doings, is whether there is generally just too much of it out there for anybody's good.
We know that in a democracy information (preferably truthful) is essential. I, like many of my colleagues, came into journalism precisely to throw bricks through windows. The Fourth Estate has a role, without doubt, in fulfilling the import of that pompous phrase "holding politicians to account". But since so much of what the politicians tell journalists is either only half the truth or, at times, none of the truth at all, some of us do start to wonder why we bother. I rarely sit down on a Tuesday without the thought crossing my mind that it would be better all round if I were to write a column about the cultural importance of Ealing films, or a defence of Wagner, or a philippic against much contemporary architecture. I do not doubt many of you would agree. Yet again, however, this week there is a subject, related to what I have just said, that requires all our attention.
The Prime Minister has put no fewer than 26 people on the public payroll, on

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.133877
Retrieved Text: Happy New Year, and welcome to 2006. On the recently relaunched RV:Blog (which I insist you all check out) Nic hints of an interesting year to come. Rob wants to know your resolutions and what you did with that extra leap-second.
I was at Joshua’s party last night which I promised not to blog too much about (people I’ve never met have seen my website though, that’s cool) but I will say a massive thanks to him and his mum for letting us use their house!
Oh and 2006 is going to be exciting in the IT world. We should see Internet Explorer 7, Windows Vista, Office 12 from Microsoft. On a smaller but no less significant scale I’m interested to know what will happen with Nucleus, the open source CMS this blog uses. Apple might change the colour of the iPod a few times as well. And don’t forget the BBC’s iMP!
And what will happen politically? Oh, who knows. My one prediction is that Cameron is going to pick a fight with his party over some issue to show that he’s serious for change – and win. There are going to be some traditional Conservatives who will have to go if he is going to capture the centre ground, in exactly the same way as old Labour skedaddled in 1994.
And finally – make sure you tune in this year for Doctor Who, Series Two, BBC One. And Torchwood as well! Super.
So happy new year everyone. It could be interesting!
Nic that sounds very exciting, you must tell me

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.13257
Retrieved Text: But Mr Cameron said the Labour leader was "chickening" out of facing the Greens and all "national parties" must be represented.
The exchanges came after Mr Miliband, Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg and UKIP leader Nigel Farage urged broadcasters to press ahead with televised debates before the 7 May poll even if Mr Cameron refuses to take part.
The three leaders have written to Mr Cameron saying it would be "unacceptable" for the prime minister to refuse to appear, saying an empty podium should be provided in his absence.
In response, the BBC, Sky News, ITV and Channel 4 said they "remain committed" to staging debates before the poll on 7 May.
Raising the issue in Parliament, Mr Miliband said Mr Cameron had argued back in 2010 that it would be "feeble" for any party leader to walk away from the debates but was now threatening to do just that.
A high stakes poker game in which the ultimate prize is power - that is what the row about TV leaders election debate has now become.
The players at the table are not just the nation's party leaders but also the bosses of the country's biggest broadcasters.
Watching and waiting are highly paid lawyers who know that this may end up being resolve by a judge and not by the court of public opinion.
The question is - will anyone blink before it gets to the court-room?
"It is not for him, it is not for me, it is not for any party leader to decide who is in the debate," he said. "It is

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.070812
Retrieved Text: Cameron Cole: 7 things you didn't know about the Big Brother winner!
7 things you DIDN'T KNOW about Cameron Cole - Big Brother 2018 winner!
Cameron Cole was crowned the winner of Big Brother 2018 on Monday night (November 5th) as BB season 19 welcomed its youngest ever winner!
A potentially historic character, Cameron be the last-ever Big Brother victor, with Channel 5 ending their relationship with the long-standing series and no other broadcaster yet to take BB on for a series 20.
The teenage vlogger celebrated his 19th birthday while in the BB house, on October 26th.
This makes Cameron the youngest-ever Big Brother winner, replacing Brian Belo, who was 20 years old when he won BB 8 in 2007.
Cameron just about made the cut for this year’s series as he was 18 at the time of applying!
The vlogger from Norwich will be fondly remembered for his bravery and courage as he came out as gay while in the house.
Having always kept his sexuality a secret, Cameron spent weeks debating whether to come out, before eventually opening up to Lewis Flanagan.
The Norwich lad lives at home with his parents, where he earns his money through YouTube videos.
His YouTube channel, MrFifaCam, has 7,299 subs. Some of his videos have reached as many as 42,000 views.
It’s something that may come as a surprise, considering Cameron didn’t mention football once during his 53 days in the house! How did he cope without knowing any of the scores?
Cameron has a fear of mushrooms and all animals.
Although the phobia sounds a little too obscure to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.062984
Retrieved Text: He may speak the language of modernity and change, but in many ways Britain's new prime minister David Cameron is a throwback to an earlier era of Conservative leaders.
Not only is he the first former pupil of Britain's top private school, Eton, to hold the office since the early 1960s, he can also trace his ancestry back to William IV, making him a distant relative of the Queen.
Mr Cameron has never made any secret of his privileged background, but he has also sought to cultivate a fresh, unstuffy image.
At 43, he is the youngest prime minister since Robert Banks Jenkinson, the 2nd Earl of Liverpool in 1812. He is six months younger than Tony Blair when he entered Downing Street in 1997.
Like Mr Blair, he has a young family and an informal, self-consciously modern approach to politics. Mr Blair arrived at Number 10 with a guitar case in hand. Mr Cameron has his cycling helmet on his handlebars and fondness for indie rock.
Yet despite opening himself up to the TV cameras like few other British political leaders, Mr Cameron is still something of an unknown quantity.
Friends talk of a witty, self-deprecating character, a devoted family man who loves to throw weekend parties at his Oxfordshire constituency home and who hates "talking shop".
Family: Married to Samantha, with two children and baby on the way. First child Ivan died in 2009.
But some who have had dealings with him on his rise to power, and during his brief career in business, recall a "slippery", "ruthlessly ambitious", somewhat guarded individual.
So

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.000248
Retrieved Text: Discussion Help (Pics fixed) - Do Scotty Cameron Art of Putting NP2s have oval tracks?
Help (Pics fixed) - Do Scotty Cameron Art of Putting NP2s have oval tracks?
Got this putter and wanted to try it out. I am normally a toulon and bettinardi guy so i do not know much about cameron. Someone told me it may be an oval track but i am not sure. Thoughts on what this is?
Hi Rob, just updated some photos. Appreciate any insight.
Yep, that's a oval track np2 from 98-99.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.73621
Retrieved Text: David Cameron has urged media restraint over a newspaper article revealing that a relative has received treatment for heroin addiction.
The Tory leadership contender said he was "very proud" of this person's efforts to kick the drug but hoped they would be "left alone" by the media.
Mr Cameron - bookies favourite to land the Tory job - is under pressure to say if he has ever taken drugs.
He refused to answer the question on BBC One's Question Time on Thursday.
Mr Cameron said politicians were "only human" and everyone was allowed to "err and stray" in the past.
He said he was entitled to a private life "before politics", adding the question had nothing to do with the Tory leadership race.
He said: "I didn't spend the early years of my life thinking: 'I better not do anything because one day I might be a politician' because I didn't know I was going to be a politician.
"And I haven't answered the question about drugs because I think that's all in the past and I don't think you have to answer it."
Asked directly if he had ever taken Class A drugs, Mr Cameron said: "I have said all I want to say about this."
Mr Cameron has backed the relaxation of drug laws and in 2002 said diamorphine - the medical name for heroin - should be prescribed to addicts "to stabilise them" and help wean them off drugs.
On Friday, The London Evening Standard revealed Mr Cameron had been helping a relative who was receiving treatment for heroin addiction.
In a statement, Mr

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.710316
Retrieved Text: Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron poses for a selfie with a local woman as he campaigns in Alnwick, April 13, 2015.
This election will be remembered as the one that rescued the career of David Cameron, the British prime minister, who was publicly contemplating his own exit from politics only two months ago.
It will also be remembered as the election that abruptly ended the career of the Labor Party leader, Ed Miliband, who had confidently carved his electoral promises onto a large piece of limestone only last week.
Above all, it will be remembered as the election that every single major pollster got wrong: All the dire talk of hung parliaments, minority coalitions and the intervention, even, of the queen has vanished with the emergence of a solid Conservative majority.
But long after these various dramas are forgotten, it might also be remembered as the election that marked the beginning of the end of Great Britain, at least in the form that we now know it.
Certainly it could literally mark the beginning of the end of the United Kingdom, that union of four nations — Welsh, English, Northern Irish and Scottish — whose stability hasn't seriously been challenged for quite some time.
For one, the Scottish National Party, which calls openly for Scottish secession, has just won 56 of 59 Scottish parliamentary seats, wiping out both Labor and the Liberal Democrats and in some places achieving a 30 percent or even 40 percent electoral swing. More to the point, it's now clear that not everybody in London is terribly upset

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.6437
Retrieved Text: An addictive debut thriller about the mysterious death of a small-town golden girl and the secret lives of three people connected to her: the social misfit who loved her from afar, the rebellious girl who despised her, and the policeman investigating her death.
As morning dawns in a sleepy Colorado suburb, a dusting of snow covers high school freshman Lucinda Hayes’s dead body on a playground carousel. As accusations quickly spread, Lucinda’s tragic death draws three outsiders from the shadows.
Oddball Cameron Whitley loved—still loves—Lucinda. Though they’ve hardly ever spoken, and any sensible onlooker would call him Lucinda’s stalker, Cameron is convinced that he knows her better than anyone. Completely untethered by the news of her death, Cameron’s erratic behavior provides the town ample reason to suspect that he’s the killer.
Jade Dixon-Burns hates Lucinda. Lucinda took everything from Jade: her babysitting job, and her best friend. The worst part was Lucinda’s blissful ignorance to the damage she’d wrought.
Officer Russ Fletcher doesn’t know Lucinda, but he knows the kid everyone is talking about, the boy who may have killed her. Cameron Whitley is his ex-partner’s son. Now Russ must take a painful journey through the past to solve Lucinda’s murder and keep a promise he made long ago.
Girl in Snow investigates the razor-sharp line between love and obsession and will thrill fans of Everything I Never Told You and Luckiest Girl Alive.Intoxicating and intense, this is a novel you will not be able to put down.
Yet another “I can’t stop reading!” book for me this summer! I love these

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.615032
Retrieved Text: I am a bit puzzled by some of the economic messages sent out by David Cameron and the Tory manifesto.
Take his eye-catching initiative that those working on the minimum wage will be permanently taken out of paying tax by legislation guaranteeing that the tax-free allowance will rise in line with the national minimum wage.
This is supposed to show, according to the prime minister, that the Conservatives are the party of "working people, offering security".
And if you pay no tax, that presumably demonstrates that "work pays", to use the great cliche.
But Tories have also traditionally been the party that has attacked the "something-for-nothing society".
And what's odd about guaranteeing that huge numbers of employed people will never pay tax is that David Cameron appears to be comfortable about the notion that these people can enjoy all the expensive services and benefits provided by the state without making even a gesture of a contribution towards them.
In fact, the way the policy is framed explicitly underwrites the idea of something for nothing, since the promised tax free allowance is equivalent to 30 hours of work per week on the minimum wage - and a 30-hour week happens to be the level at which households can claim full tax credits or benefits on top of a salary now guaranteed to be tax free.
Now to be clear, this is not remotely to suggest that people on minimum wage don't need or deserve help from the state. This is not a point about whether the state is too generous to them.
It is about

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.605263
Retrieved Text: Some of Britain’s demands for EU reform are acceptable, Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo said on Thursday (10 December), but added there was no agreement on Prime Minister David Cameron’s push to curb welfare payments to EU migrants.
Cameron has promised to reform Britain’s relationship with the 28-member bloc before a membership referendum by the end of 2017 but his welfare demands have proved most problematic, particularly among eastern European member states.
Szydlo said Poland wanted Britain to remain in the European Union and would do everything to support the country.
“There are proposals from the British government, which are without discussions acceptable for us,” Szydlo told a joint news conference with Cameron in Warsaw after a meeting to discuss the British renegotiation.
Szydlo did not answer when asked by a British journalist whether Poland would ever accept Cameron’s proposal for a four-year ban on EU migrants receiving some benefits in Britain.
The British leader said the problem of migration flows and the pressure they put on public services needed to be addressed and the pair had agreed to work together to find a solution.
“I believe with the type of political will I have seen here in Poland we can find a way,” he said.
On Wednesday (9 December) Cameron visited the Romanian capital, Bucharest, in a bid to persuade President Klaus Iohannis of the UK’s demands on welfare curbs – seen by his ruling Conservative party as a ‘pull factor’ in attracting EU migrants.
“Net migration in the UK is running at well over 300,000 a year and that is not sustainable,”

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.60454
Retrieved Text: In the next few days David Cameron will make a final decision on how to implement his leadership election pledge to leave the EPP. ConservativeHome still believes that he will fulfil the pledge but the Tory leader is under enormous pressure to kick it into the long grass. Supporters of EPP exit are furious that Mr Cameron did not act during his honeymoon period and that he has allowed opponents to dig into entrenched positions. Writing in this week’s Spectator, Fraser Nelson believes that Mr Cameron’s is now faced with a poor choice "between different shades of defeat."
In this post ConservativeHome reviews the relative strengths of the different lobbies facing Mr Cameron as he weighs the options before him.
Opponents of David Cameron’s EPP exit pledge are saying that Conservatives must honour Michael Howard’s earlier commitment to keep Tory MEPs in the EPP-ED group for the course of this European Parliament. Mr Cameron may think that honouring his own pledge is more important than Mr Howard’s pledge. Additionally, Eurosceptic MEPs claim that the EPP never kept their side of the Howard-Ancram bargain. In return for staying in the EPP-ED Tory MEPs were promised their own staff and resources. This, Eurosceptics say, has never been delivered and Mr Cameron should not feel bound by an agreement that the EPP leadership has already reneged upon.
"Since he gave no date by which he would carry out his promise to leave the EPP that promise and the Party’s obligation to the EPP (and MEPs’ own electoral pledge) can be reconciled if

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.502087
Retrieved Text: Could we be entering an era of short prime ministerial reigns?
It’s hard to believe last year’s Tory party conference was only last year. Back then Cameron seemed indestructible and Osborne was the assumed next prime minister. It is amazing to think that less than eleven months later, here we are, both of their political careers over.
Or are they? We live in such strange political times, writing anyone or anything off is dangerous. But the fall of Cameron and Osborne makes me think that perhaps we are entering a period in which prime ministers will come and go with reasonable regularity. Winning the Tories their first majority in over 20 years wasn’t enough to save Cameron – how safe is May, particularly given the minefield of Brexit she has to try and now cross?
This may even be the reason that May doesn’t want an election, at least in part. At the next election, unless something miraculous happens to the Labour Party very soon, the Tories will end up with a thumping great majority, one they will hold onto for some time. Surely that would cement May’s position? I don’t think so. The Tory MPs will know that Corbyn played a greater part in achieving that majority than anyone else did. In a sense May got the premiership by default after the referendum, when the Brexiteers panicked. If they are displeased with the Brexit package May negotiates then I don’t see why they wouldn’t feel empowered to move against her. Why worry about signs of disunity when there

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.48011
Retrieved Text: VICTORVILLE – A 46-year-old Victorville transient was arrested for cruelty to his 3-4-month-old baby and criminal threats.
On Thursday, September 20, 2018, at around 8:37 p.m. deputies from the Victorville station responded to the Roadway Inn for a well check on the baby. The reporting party told dispatchers that Cameron was being aggressive towards the baby and throwing the baby’s stroller. The owner of the Roadway inn told Duane Bernard Cameron, 46, to leave the property. According to Sheriff’s officials, Cameron became upset and made remarks threatening the owner’s wife.
“The baby’s condition was such that deputies believed it was not safe to leave the child in the custody of Cameron, who is the baby’s father,” said Victorville Sheriff’s Station Spokeswoman Mara Rodriguez.
The baby was taken into protective custody by Children and Family Services. Cameron was arrested and booked into the High Desert Detention Center for Child Cruelty and Criminal threats. He is being held in lieu of $100,000 bail.

================



======= Instance Index 13 =========
Input Text: Context: Their cat kept trying to escape out of the window, so Jan placed an obstacle in the way.

Question: How would Jan feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: scared of losing the cat

B: normal

C: relieved for fixing the problem

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.770504
Retrieved Text: The Podcast Roundup – Episode 055 – Jan. 13th – Jan. 19th, 2019.
The BIMsider’s favourite Podcasts, Vodcasts and Videos from the world of AEC and BIM – for the week of Jan. 13th – Jan. 19th, 2019.
“On January 15 we celebrated our first anniversary. A little year. 27 episodes of BIM narrated with seriousness but trying to escape boredom as a scalding cat of cold water. We have tried to be punctual as an atomic clock, and to bring guests who illustrate everything we do not yet know about BIM, telling it in an entertaining way.
5) Video – From the JBKnowledge YouTube Channel.
The ConTech Roadshow 2018 – Believe the Hype!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.011778
Retrieved Text: This evening when I came from work these two wouldn’t leave their post in front of the front door. There was nothing else for me to do but grab my camera and start taking pictures. Allie [dog] wasn’t interested in the least, but Jasper [cat] likes the attention.
When he flares his whiskers out I just can’t help but coo at him. He’s such a sweet boy. It’s amazing to me that he was a random feral stray just over a year ago. He loves pets, to be brushed, and belly rubs. The only thing he doesn’t really like is to be picked up, but I’m gently working on that. On occasion, I pick him up and carry him with me to bed, or just give him a little hug then put him back on the floor. The cat I had growing up would let me carry him from room to room. We’ll get there eventually. At least I’m not trying to put doll clothes on him, which I did with my Tux kitty.
A couple of days ago she just wanted a nap and I just wanted her to post for me but she refused. At the ripe old age of nine years, she’s over me shoving a camera in her face. I get it though, I hate having my picture taken too. I sometimes think that I need to get over that because as I get older I’m going to want photos of myself. I’d rather take pictures of these two and other people.
When we bought

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.825443
Retrieved Text: Published: Jan 19 at 12:21 p.m.
Updated: Jan 19 at 3:03 p.m.
UNION CORNER, N.S. — A family has been left homeless after fire tore through their basement apartment in Union Corner Jan. 19, and two more adults were displaced due to smoke damage to their home.
The Brooklyn Fire Department was paged out to a structure fire on Old Highway 215 in Union Corner around 6:20 a.m.
Upon arrival, deputy fire chief Wayne Swinimer said heavy smoke and fire was showing through the back window of the basement.
In total, seven were checked over by EHS, while one adult did not require treatment.
Hantsport deputy fire chief Paul Maynard noted that there were several cats that managed to escape the fire, but one cat had to be rescued. It had suffered smoke inhalation and firefighters used a pet oxygen kit. It was the first time they had used the device, which had been donated by Invisible Fence, and they were able to revive the cat.
Swinimer said the fire started in one of the bedrooms in the basement apartment and caused substantial damage to the unit.
He said the Canadian Red Cross was alerted to the situation and will be helping the downstairs family.
A press release issued later in the day from the Red Cross indicated the organization was helping the tenants of the basement unit with emergency lodging, winter clothing, food purchases, blankets and other basic needs.
The downstairs renters didn’t have tenant insurance.
“Basement fires are always challenging but the first couple of crews in did a great job getting in quickly and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.15753
Retrieved Text: What Carole doesn't tell you is that she was the greedy backyard breeder who sold Shadow as a pet. Is that very honest?
Shadow was bought from Deepwoods Exotics of Oneida, TN on 8-18-95 along with what looks to be 5 other adult cougars as well as 4 babies. Four of the adults were then quickly sold including Shadow and Sugar (to Jim Fox of Naples, Florida). Three years later the new owner became ill and returned Sugar and Shadow to BCR where they lived until they died a month apart.
Carole's bio of these two cats would lead you to believe that they originally came from Oneida where they were sold to a man in South Florida (the pet trade) who then gave them to BCR when he became ill, omitting the fact that it was she, Carole Lewis Baskin who sold them as pets.
Although the Wildlife On Easy Street Safari Guide lists both Shadow's and Sugar's birth dates as "unknown" Carole now tells us Shadow was born on 8-1-1993. Was the original Shadow sold and replaced by one born in 1993 as so often happened at BCR? Did Carole suddenly remember Shadow's birthdate or make one up? Is she just a poor record keeper, or perhaps trying to hide something? We'll never know, as Carole Lewis Baskin is incapable of telling the truth.
"Shadow originally came to Easy Street with his companion, Sugar. He was then sold, but came back here on 8/2/98 because his owner was ill and could not care for him. Shadow has now

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.120945
Retrieved Text: Even amongst bonded cats, tension can occur when it comes to sharing an important resource such as the litter box. When a cat feels as if he can’t use the box without being threatened or ambushed, he will find alternative places to do his business. You can feel sure that the place (or places!) he ends up deeming to be safer (under the dining room table, in your left running sneaker, etc.) won’t be desirable to you. The good news is that there are a couple proactive things you can do to prevent litter box ambushes, instill feelings of safety in your cats, and encourage them to use the litter box appropriately.
Covered litter boxes are preferred by many cat owners, as they hide away the least cuddly and fun parts of living with a cat. Unfortunately, covered litter boxes in multi-cat homes can fuel the tension between cats, as they limit a cat’s awareness of lurkers and only provide one route for escape if threatened. Where in nature do cats search out hollowed out logs for their latrine site? Hint: They don’t. An uncovered litter box will allow your cat to determine and act upon the safest way to escape, and will subsequently make him feel safer while using the box. If you prefer a covered box as a way to avoid litter being kicked around the room, consider a box with taller sides (assuming your cat is able enough to easily step over).
Once you have uncovered litter boxes, it’s important to place them in appropriate

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.016361
Retrieved Text: Do you feel like your cat talks to you? You’re not wrong! Along with meowing, howling, chirping, or hissing, cats communicate in a variety of non-verbal ways too. In a huge way, your cat is talking to you all the time, but it may be difficult to surmise what they’re actually trying to say with their body language. Once you know what to look out for, you’ll find that, although you’re not actually having conversations with your cat, your line of communication with your feline friend is much more open.
Your cat’s tail is a great indicator of their feelings–anywhere from comfortable to upset or bored. If your cat’s tail is high with a small curl forward, they’re happy or content. If their tail begins to twitch, pay attention to what they’re looking at, as your cat is probably interested in something. Check for a twitching or wagging tail as they’re about to pounce on a toy or if they’re looking out a window. If your cat’s tail is more rigid and they’re wagging it with more force, they may be overwhelmed and stressed out. A tail that is wrapped under their belly is indicating concern about a situation and a tail that is puffy and held stiffly behind them means they’re terrified.
Cats don’t just listen with their ears, they can indicate a host of different feelings with them. Your cat is relaxed if their ears are facing forward or slightly to the side. Ears that are pricked forward can indicate excitement or interest in something, like

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.951344
Retrieved Text: I ban you because Ember is sleeping on top of my boyfriend.
I ban you because cute!
I ban you because earlier we were both chasing after some random orange tabby with white paws because it looked exactly like Copper. We thought Copper got out somehow.
I ban you because oh, wow. That poor cat must have been so scared and confused. How did you find out it was Copper?
I ban you because we were looking out my window, and all of a sudden we saw the orange tabby with white paws walking on the road. Copper wasn't with us at the time, nor was he with my sister. We thought Copper got out somehow. After going after him, we figured out it wasn't Copper after all. The other cat's face looked different from Copper's.
I ban you because makes sense. My cat is a pretty generic black cat, but if I look up 'black cat' only a few have his same face.
I ban you because the stranger cat's tail also looked fluffier than Copper's. I'm glad it wasn't Copper.
I ban you because I don't know how your cat could escape your apartment in the first place.
I ban you because he probably couldn't escape without me knowing. There's only one entrance/exit.
I ban you because exactly, unless he escaped the window and got to the ground somehow.
I ban you because I wouldn't think he would escape through the window. I live on the second floor. That's a far jump for a human, let alone a cat.
I ban you because exactly, unless

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.900091
Retrieved Text: There is a wealth of information online, which will tell you everything you need to know about cats and how to care for them. We recommend that you spend some time reading this information, even if you have owned a cat before. The more we understand animals the better we can care for them. If you have children then we strongly advise you teach them about caring for their cat before you adopt.
Visit the RSPCA website and the Cat’s Protection League for further information.
Set up a base in a room where the door can be closed and the cat can be kept securely inside until you begin to introduce it to the rest of the house. Even the most confident of cats or kittens will be stressed by a move to new surroundings and therefore introducing them to the house gradually reduces the amount of stress they feel and enables them to settle in quicker. The windows in the room should be kept closed, as the cat will need to stay in for a designated period of time.
Ensure the room is equipped with litter tray, water, food, a bed, scratching post and toys.
When the cat first comes to your home, consider having your TV and radio at a far lower volume than usual and avoid visitors for the first few days.
You may find they are nervous at first. Let them come out of their cat carrier in their own time. Make sure you have a quiet place where they can snuggle up and feel safe. If

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.494934
Retrieved Text: Cat Tree House – Natural instinct cats climb and get the best view they can find. They want to know what is going on and that is to escape dogs or sometimes people. There are many shapes and sizes of cat tree. There is round, square, which for a corner, a short tree wide. When choosing the right cat tree, know where you want the tree and the dimensions of the area that you planned for the cat tree.
This way you can figure out the size of what should be a cage small, medium, large or outside. In a small house or apartment, you can choose little cat tree house and even some media will fit. They also have a window seat. For a wide area and depending on the number of cats you have, large trees will give your cat a safe place. With multiple cats you may want to medium to large tree with many other areas so that each cat has it. Some toys are attached so that your cat stays active.
Some cat tree house comes with a small house to sleep after playing. Trees with their vaults, perched on a bed are the main tree, this way the cat will have plenty of places to rest and see what is there. Some of them also come with a tunnel that the cats love.
Things youre proud of if you can tell everyone about the city of an extensive and bergansa two dogs belonging to the things youre proud of a dialogue between scipio

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.30349
Retrieved Text: When I worked with the MSPCA in Boston, every day I’d hear from guilt-ridden pet parents about the awful things that happened to their cats when they went outside — they were hit by cars, attacked by predators, infected with diseases or they just disappeared.
But many people still let their cats outdoors — often with misplaced good intentions. Here are some of the most common reasons people let their cats outside, and safer, indoor alternatives.
Myth 1: Indoor cats get bored.
Fact: The truth is, indoor cats can and do get bored, but letting them outside is not a good solution.
Instead, make your home more interesting: Set up perches where he can watch birds from the safety of inside, build a DIY cat playhouse, hide his food or modify his feeder so he has to “hunt” for it. (Find more suggestions in our environmental-enrichment series.) Finally, if your cat is amenable to it, you might consider adopting a second cat as a playmate.
Myth 2: Indoor cats are overweight.
Fact: If your cat is overweight, the safest way to help her trim down is by combining portion control and a daily exercise and play routine.
Have a cat who won’t stand for an empty food dish? Keep him distracted with the activities mentioned above — the feeder toy would be perfect for him. If you feed wet food, try stuffing a smaller dog’s toy (like a Kong) with the food so your cat will have to work to get the food out. You could also choose to use an automatic feeder

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.166859
Retrieved Text: If your cat isn�t a fan of cat beds (the more expensive it is, the less they seem to like them!), consider adding a warm blanket to their favorite sleeping spots.... Keeping your cat indoors is the right call for their health. However, life on the inside can get pretty boring. This article will teach you five ways to provide an enriching environment. However, life on the inside can get pretty boring.
While many cat owners just give up on growing indoor plants, there�s no reason to do so. Fortunately, there are ways of safeguarding plants from cats so that you don�t have to forgo your greenery, or your cats.... Battersea Dogs & Cats Home recently shared some excellent advice on how to create the best possible environment for your cat. When cats aren�t sleeping, they love to be off exploring the great outdoors.
In the UK, the vast majority of domestic cats kept as pets are indoor/outdoor cats- those that have free access to the outside world for at least part of the day. However, in other countries such as America and Australia, this is almost unheard of, and cats are generally kept as indoor-only pets and... Most owners in Europe allow their cats the freedom of the great outdoors to do whatever it is that cats do all day outside, and then care, feed and enjoy social interaction with them when they return home.
Cats who stay indoors have longer lifespans than those who are left to roam outdoors. Learn more about why we encourage cats to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.089169
Retrieved Text: Cats are extremely complex animals. Do not expect grooming a cat to be like grooming a dog. You have to do extra in order to make sure they’re clean and look their best. Read on for useful tips for cat care.
If you have a female cat it is important to have her spayed once she becomes old enough. You may not think it’s necessary if you have an indoor cat, but your cat may escape. The best method of preventing your cat from pregnancy is to get her spayed.
Cats can really scratch up your home. If your cat is ripping up and shredding your home, invest in a kitty tower or scratching post. Give them some encouragement and let them know it is okay to scratch that. Eventually it will cause you less of a headache.
Get a microchip for your cat. Even cats that live their lives entirely indoors can suddenly escape out a window or door. Although they provide the information needed to find your beloved pet, they can also accidentally get caught or even be wiggled out of. Microchips are minuscule, but can hold all the essential information about your cat and its hope. Most vets and all shelters can scan these chips to get your contact information and there is no risk of losing the chip.
You should never allow your cat to be bored all the time. Although you may believe that cats just lie around, this isn’t the case. They need their exercise. Unfortunately, lots of people who own cats neglect this.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.063148
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in Chicago, weather, Wishes and tagged Chicago, Weather, winter. Bookmark the permalink.
We are shut down. It’s so wet and heavy…heart attack…snow. You are so right…way too soon for this kind of weather.
You are very fortunate, believe me. This is not a good storm. And my cat is still missing. She was so afraid of the noise, when the glops of sleet kept falling from the trees that she took off. I hate when this happens.
Hard to escape all of them, that’s for sure. The weather people are wrong so often we all hoped they would wrong again, but no such luck. Hope you stay nice and snow-free.
Way too much snow and way too early. Everything is shut down. It’s heavy with sleet underneath. It’s called Heart Attack snow because people die trying to shovel it. Really bad.
My sister lives there, and I haven’t heard from her yet this morning. Luckily she didn’t have to be anyplace today. Be careful!!!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.062323
Retrieved Text: Zombie Escape Survival Challenge is a 5km obstacle course with a difference: a volunteer team of zombies trying to take you out of the running.
Just when we think the whole zombie thing has run its course, we discover that there's an actual zombie-thing course left to run.
The set-up for the Zombie Escape Survival Challenge is pretty simple; it's a 5km course, complete with a number of physical obstacles. Runners wear a "flag belt", a bit like in OzTag. The zombies will be trying to remove all your tags — and when the last one is snatched away by rotting hands, you're out of health and out of the race.
The idea seems identical to Run for Your Lives out of the US, and has a bit more emphasis on the running part than the IRL Shooter Patient Zero.
The Zombie Escape Survival challenge will kick off next year in Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria and Western Australia. The site is currently calling for runners, zombies and spectators, so head on over and sign up — spaces are limited.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.031612
Retrieved Text: Stroll-in friendly, lockable and sturdy, our Outside Cat Enclosures will permit you and your pets to bask with each other in the sun on your patio, deck or anyplace close to a window without worry of escape or danger, and with plenty of space to play and explore the great outdoors! When making use of the cat cage as a quarantine cage, it is important that it is in an region that the rest of the cats in the residence (or company if you are utilizing this in a veterinarian’s office) can not have any access to it. There will be lots of time to introduce them to every single other when you have ensured the well being and security of your current cat loved ones.
It is essential to introduce your cat to a new house slowly and in a controlled manner, especially if you have a cat that is shy or skittish to start with. For outdoor cages, there wants to be a best or roof and a strong bottom of some kind so the cat cannot dig their way out. Litter Coaching – Many men and women who have cats do not believe about using cat cages at all but they can be quite hassle-free for many factors. If you’re bringing in a new cat to live with your existing cats, you can use the cat cage to hold them separate for a minimum of two weeks before permitting the, around the others. The Suncatcher cat cages & enclosures below come in Black Granite,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.7692
Retrieved Text: Something we have heard; something which is trying to gain ‘a hearing’; how we receive aural information – in one ear and out the other, or is it received and understood?
Also the voice or music of your inner self, usually giving a message that is important to receive. The loudspeaker therefore represents ones greater ability to communicate with ones self. If a group of people are involved or listening, it involves many aspects of your nature, many parts of yourself, so it is an important dream.
Example: It being dark outside. In the window were displayed a number of colour transparencies that Bill had taken of an artist’s work. They were abstract paintings. On the left a panel of the window was opened and we entered the showroom, looking at the transparencies. Then suddenly a voice spoke from a loudspeaker on the ceiling. It said that we had set of a burglar alarm, and police were on their way. We hurried out the way we came, hoping to escape the police, but as we did so the voice said, “You can’t escape. I have seen you and know what you look like now – that porcelain one with a broken nose.” I knew he was referring to me, and felt he must be watching through a closed-circuit television.
The voice was the voice of the dreamer’s conscience, saying he had done something wrong and couldn’t escape from his feelings of guilt.
Can I remember what I hear or was doing with the loudspeaker?
Was I working on or mending the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.471983
Retrieved Text: If we had to choose one, we’d go with the The Cat Mate Elite. This high-tech microchip door will keep strays at bay allowing access to your cat/s alone. We love the smart built-in timer along with the added deluxe features.
Unless you’ve got a fat cat, this is a great, modern cat flap for average to small sized cats and even small pooches. If you want to step away from the basic cat flap and avoid strays sneaking their way into your home – then what you need is an electromagnetic door – that’s easy to install, may we add. It might sound complex, but by simply attaching a small magnet to your cats’ collar, it will double as an identifier and a unique four-way locking system on the door means that any animal can exit, but only yours can re-enter – nifty!
If you’re looking for a seriously smart, high-tech option, this one may be a little pricey, but with good reason – it works together with your cats existing microchip to make sure only your feline friend can enter and exist. It’s compatible with 9-, 10- and 15- digit microchips, and if you have more than one cat, not to worry – it can remember up to 32 microchips! So unless you have some serious cat lady issues, you’re good to go. Measuring 8.2” by 8.2” it’s fine for both small to medium-sized cats and can be placed on doors, windows and walls alike.
This is exactly the same as the SureFlap Microchip door with one

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.409754
Retrieved Text: My cat is dead. The victim of a predator in his own front yard. I did not see it happen, but I heard it and I am guessing it was a fox that finally got him.
For nine years, our cat Figueroa (Fig) graced us with his presence. He came to our home as a gift to my daughter when she was still in high school. As an indoor/outdoor cat, he defied the odds in our rural area for quite some time.
He was a great hunter. He would often leave us remnants of his slaughter. Entrails or other body parts lovingly left at the front door or next to the bed where I would nearly step on them. He was quite proud of his accomplishment and liked to let us know there was one less rodent running around the property.
He was kind to visitors. He loved everyone he met and was never shy. Often, he would climb onto a stranger’s lap for attention and affection. He would take turns sleeping on each of the kid’s beds. Everyone thought they had his affection.
When we first brought Fig home, we tried to keep him inside. We had already lost a couple of cats to “the great outdoors” and I was afraid the local shelters would stop letting us adopt. But there was no keeping this cat inside.
When he was young, more than once, we came home to find him half-way up a tree. We left him up there for days the first time, with food and water at the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.332579
Retrieved Text: Tunnels are fun for both dogs and cats.
An obstacle course for your pet is not just an excellent way to get a tubby tabby or pudgy pug off the couch and exercising, it's fun for both of you. Though you can buy complete obstacle course setups, it's easy -- and less expensive -- to make your own from simple items you probably already have at home. Set up the obstacles in your backyard and encourage your dog to run the course. It may take a few times, but he should catch on eventually. Your cat can enjoy a few indoor obstacles at her own pace.
Hurdles, a standard component of dog agility courses, are easy to make at home. Jumping helps dogs increase their strength, muscle tone and balance. The height of the hurdle should never be higher than your dog’s shoulders: a small board on the ground is sufficient for very small dogs. Large breeds can leap over a wooden picnic bench. Prop a board across bricks for your medium-sized pooch. Most dogs get the idea quickly. If not, hold out a treat and encourage your dog to jump the hurdle.
If you don't have an old children's tunnel that's no longer in use, visit a toy store for an inexpensive polyester or canvas play tunnel. Stretch it out in the yard and encourage your dog to run through. If Rover doesn't get the idea, or is hesitant to enter the tunnel, throw a few small treats inside. When he enters to retrieve the treats, move to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.326944
Retrieved Text: Meet Miss Zoey, she is an 18 years young cat. In the Recent Sonoma her and her family were forced to evacuate during the California wildfires. Thankfully Miss Zoey and her family were able to safely escape in time, but she became ill from all the stress. Her parents were looking for a way to comfort her and keep her distracted. On their way out of town they stopped off at a Pet Store and discovered Cat Craves. According to her Mom Pamela, Cat Craves turned out to be just the thing to perk up Miss Zoey and keep her busy.
Pamela shared that since Zoey has discovered her love for Cat Craves, she has an extra spring in her step. She has been acting more like a frisky kitten these days and her coat is extra glossy and healthy.
Miss Zoey is always looking for her Cat Craves, jumping up on counters and trying to get into her favorite bag of yummy treats. At Zoey’s most recent checkup, her vet remarked on how well she is and how great she is looking for her age.
Cat Craves treats are crafted with love and care, with your cat’s health in mind. We source only the finest nutritionally dense greens and proteins. Pet Greens treats are unique in that they contain the power of wheatgrass. Wheatgrass is an essential green full of vitamins, minerals, protein, amino acids and many other nutrients.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.257156
Retrieved Text: It's your 9th birthday and everybody's there: grandpa, your parents, the cat, everybody.
It's your 9th birthday and everybody's there: grandpa, your parents, the cat, everybody. And there's this black creature-guy standing outside as you can see him through the kitchen window. It's your birthday, and instead of having fun with other kids, you have a lot of weird things to do first. And the telephone call saying that "there will be blood" and how "it's not over yet" doesn't sound too optimistic either. The phone call and a threatening letter came either from mr Owl to warn you, or white rabbit, the killer, sent it. Finding your parents dead in the kitchen is a resolution of these events. The grandpa got bullet to the head too.
Grandpa, he wants a glass of water and a couple of ice cubes in it. He likes music too. Mother, she just needs a bubble gum (!?). Father seems as the only sensible person in the room. It's birthday of his son and he naturally asks for a cake slice. When you eventually find a knife, you come to realize that making a cake slice is quite a job. Knife just won't cut through it.
To play some music from the old gramophone you will have to find a record and a needle. Cat is hungry, and she wants a fish, so logically you set up a mouse trap(!?). Pictures on the wall obviously hide some secret messages. One of them is actually a tetris game.
So the game basically consists of whole

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.247965
Retrieved Text: Some people will openly admit that they treat their pets like children. Many who feel that way have chosen to delay parenthood or simply not to have children. Others such as baby boomers whose children have grown and left home, sometimes substitute their pets for the kids who have moved out.
But when a pet lover turns into a home buyer, look out. Like parents who research the best school districts when considering neighborhoods in which to shop for a home, home buyers with pets have specific requirements, too.
Imagine my shock when the city of Costa Mesa, CA, informed me that I was not allowed to own a goat. Notwithstanding, I did, in fact, own a Nubian goat. Even though my neighborhood was called Goat Hill, the city ordered me to find another home for my goat. Many cities restrict the number and types of pets allowed within city limits.
Not every HOA allows pets. If the homeowner association permits pets, most likely the association bylaws will address restrictions on numbers, types, sizes, heights, noise factors and whether pets are allowed to freely roam the premises.
Many HOAs strictly enforce their bylaws. Don't fall into the trap of thinking the bylaws won't apply to you because they are silly restrictions or that the HOA won't enforce its own rules. Many homeowner association covenants carry severe penalties for those who violate their HOA regulations.
A Sacramento buyer was adamant that she would not buy a home with carpeting. She wanted a home for her Schnauzer with wood or ceramic floors throughout

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.099686
Retrieved Text: 2-IN-1 Car Safety Tool - This life-saving multifunctional car safety hammer and seatbelt cutter is durable and reliable, allowing you to quickly exit your vehicle in an emergency situation.
Design of anti-slip handle, easy to use.The high-quality razor-sharp steel blade effectively slices through seatbelts to free you and your passengers.
The bright color makes it easy to find in the dark or if you're in a state of panic.
Aluminium alloy material, more stronger. Solid cone head car glass breaker hammer is designed to break auto glass windows, so you can easily make a way to escape. The Razor-sharp blade is made of high quality steel that can cut seat belt quite easily.
An invaluable addition to your vehicle safety kit, the emergency hammer breaks side window glass with minimal effort, thanks to its solid steel double-sided strike point.
If your car flips over or crashes into another vehicle it could catch on fire, so you can't risk becoming trapped in your seat. This sturdy and dependable car safety hammer is an essential piece of equipment that should be kept in your vehicle at all times, in case of such accidents. With a solid steel pointed window breaker to smash glass and an ultra-sharp seatbelt cutter blade, this indispensable emergency escape tool will quickly free you from the wreckage of your car in any emergency situation. Cleverly designed, the life-saving emergency hammer lets you get out of your vehicle fast, so you can stay out of harm's way while awaiting assistance.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.095785
Retrieved Text: For a variety of reasons, more people are discovering the delight of living with cats. In urban areas, apartment dwellers find that cats offer companionship, without the need for frequent outdoor exercise periods. In rural areas, cats still fulfill their function as rodent catchers for many households. If you are a cat owner, you are undoubtedly very attached to your furry roommate. However, there will be times when you will have to make arrangements for your cat’s care when you are traveling on business, vacations, or when you host out-of-town guests who are allergic to cats. Therefore, you should examine some of the facts about cat care that will help you to understand the advantages of boarding your cat with an PCSA member pet care facility.
It is important to remember that cats do not usually travel well. They do not usually enjoy it, nor do they adapt well to travel. Many people who try to take their cats along with them on their vacation end up spending most of their vacation time searching for their escaped pets. Leaving your cat with friends is just as unsatisfactory. A cat must go through an adjustment period in a new environment, and this means that your cat will not look upon your friend’s house as “home” for quite awhile. Therefore, your cat may try to escape from the strange house at every opportunity or hide as a fear reaction. Most cat owners recognize that it is not fair to impose this kind of responsibility on their friends, nor is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.084723
Retrieved Text: After the apparent suicide of a wealthy British industrialist, the family is out on a hunt for his mysterious will. The deceased left a cryptic note that gives reason to believe that his death could not have been self-inflicted. The key to the truth is concealed within his will but he made certain it would be well protected.
There is only one place to look for it - the dead man's study. The only obstacle - there is an unpleasant surprise that awaits those who embark on the mission to find it. Are you ready for the challenge?
Reviews of escape game "The Will"
Awesome experience! Highly recommend. It was well thought out and provided a different experience than other room escapes. The story was great! Can't wait to do the other room!
Nice birthday adventure! The staff was amazing!!!!
I had a lot of fun with both their rooms, some clever clues and fantastic puzzles they got.
So far I have done 6 Escape Rooms, and Enigma provided the best options BY FAR! Can't wait to go back for their third room! A great way to spend time with friends and family!
Two months ago I had stopped by enigma and tried the secret temple with a few friends from work and I had a blast going through the room and solving puzzles! Just came back again last weekend to try out their newest room, the Will, and it really showed me how lacking I am on my puzzle skills, lol.
I had some friends visiting from out of town who didn't want

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.923887
Retrieved Text: How to Keep Your Cat Entertained While You Are Away!
If you have an indoor cat, you might worry that your cat is bored. Cats can easily sleep the day away and usually do. If you work long hours, there are ways to keep your cat active and entertained while you are away. Or even when you work or at home on the weekends, we always want to entertain and energize our cats.
Different types of balls, stuffed mice, toys with bells, and a wide assortment of toys can keep your cat busy and entertained. Or how about some ping pong balls placed around the house that your cats can bat around. Have a flashlight? Cats go crazy following the light and will run around following the beam.
Cats are curious creatures that enjoy having places to play hide and seek. Place some open cardboard boxes around the house and watch them jump inside. Paper bags also make safe and inexpensive toys which most cats adore and climb in and out of with regularly.
How about placing some catnip around the house?
Try catnip to watch your cats go crazy for a few minutes. Place some around the house or on their favorite toy to encourage them to play with it. Catnip isn’t harmful to cats and it usually causes a ‘frisky’ response where your kitty rolls or rubs against the catnip.
Cats like to see the world from an elevated angle. Buy a ready-made cat tree (often called a “kitty condo”), or make your own. A cat tree can be short,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.894356
Retrieved Text: A big HEY! and a high five to the sixth graders of Gaspar de Portola Middle School. Thanks so much for a fun morning. You have the most fantastic ideas for stories, and that humdinger you told about Mrs. Weiner’s accidental lock-out was hilarious. I’m glad you were all able to escape the classroom; thank goodness for janitors who know how to pry out window screens. Mine that story for all it’s worth.
Thanks for coming to our class. I like writing funny stories. When I was in 5th grade I wrote a book called the “Adventures of Mr.Goodbar”. It was about a war between meatballs. I’m probably going to write a sequel. In fourth grade I wrote “The Leperchauns Gold”. Believe it or not it was about a guy trying to steal a leperchauns gold. And thats about all i can think to say at the moment. Speaking of writers block, you should write a segment of your blog about writers block.
Also, my book about Mr. Goodbar was the longest one in my class. OIne thing I try to do in all my stories is include my cat, Mr.Kitten. Well he is actually my brothers cat. Curse this writers block!!!
Hey! thanks a lot for coming too our classroom it was fun and great especially when you read the first chapter of “Big Mouth” and grossed out Ms. Weiner we kept looking back at her and her face was priceless!!!!! You have given me a new look at writing, ideas, and never liked writing that much but

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.879414
Retrieved Text: Fisherman Spots Kitten Trapped On Edge Of Giant Dam & Calls For Help In Daring Rescue.
The Huntington County Sheriff’s Department in Indiana probably has plenty of stories about the strange and interesting calls for help they’ve responded to, but the one they received on Jan. 16 was definitely a first.
Someone had been fishing at a spillway off of State Road 5 that day when they noticed movement at the top. There they saw a stranded, terrified cat with no means of escape.
“The cat was clearly in distress and retreated to the very top of the spillway area and lodged itself in the metal structure,” the department wrote. They weren’t even sure how the cat got there in the first place. The area is inaccessible. This made rescue efforts especially difficult, as there was no easy way to get to the cat.
Ryan Martin and Jared Perrott, two on-scene members of the Army Corps of Engineers, offered to take a boat out and try to coax the cat down. It took about an hour for them to shut the water off and get into position at the bottom of the spillway.
It was as if the cat already understood Martin and Perrott were there to help. As soon as the boat reached the edge, the feline immediately came out of the structure he was hiding in and began sliding down to the bottom… where his rescuers caught him before he hit the water.
Thanks to the kindhearted men’s efforts, the exhausted kitty was finally safe and sound in their arms.
From

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.777887
Retrieved Text: Ferreting involves sending ferrets into rabbit warrens to drive the rabbits outside. Nets are placed over the rabbit holes to catch them when they come out into the open. Small dogs and falcons are sometimes used instead of ferrets. Ferreting is a field sport, which means that the rabbits are chased within in their natural environment (rather than in a tight space that restricts their movements). This gives them slight opportunities to escape the ferrets.
Although it is a form of hunting, ferreting is not as inhumane as other forms of rabbit hunting, which include gassing and poisoning. The rabbits that are caught don't endure anything like as much suffering as the foxes that are hunted in fox hunts. The rabbits that do come to the surface are usually killed as quickly as possible to reduce suffering - often through dislocation of the neck - and there is no blood involved in this. They are then usually handed to a local butcher, who can sell the meat (hence the need for blood to not be involved). There are no chemicals involved, so other animals are not affected. The rabbits that escape are left alone.
In rural areas, rabbits are seen as natural pests. They are estimated to cost the agricultural industry millions of pounds each year by eating plants and the bark of new trees that are planted as part of new forest schemes.
Obviously, ferrets are the most important thing. Aside from them, you'll also need boxes, nets, gloves (for safety purposes), loppers (to cut away undergrowth that

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.75034
Retrieved Text: Meet Miss Zoey, she is an 18 years young cat. During the Recent Sonoma fires her and her family were forced to evacuate from their home. Thankfully Zoey and her family were able to safely escape in time, but she became ill from all the stress. Her parents were looking for a way to comfort her and keep her distracted. On their way out of town they stopped off at a Pet Store and discovered Cat Craves. According to her Mom Pamela, Cat Craves turned out to be just the thing to perk up Miss Zoey and keep her busy. It was going to be a long drive and Zoey was in desperate need of some comfort.
Pamela shared that since Zoey has discovered her love for Cat Craves, she has an extra spring in her step. She has been acting more like a playful, frisky kitten these days and her coat is extra glossy and healthy too.
Cat Craves treats are crafted with love and care, with your cat’s health in mind. We source only the finest nutritionally dense greens and proteins. Pet Greens treats are unique, in that they contain the power of organic wheatgrass. Wheatgrass is an essential green full of vitamins, minerals, protein, amino acids and many other nutrients to support your cats health.
Pamela also commented that Zoey is always looking for her Cat Craves, jumping up on counters and trying to get into her favorite bag of yummy treats. At her most recent checkup, the vet remarked on how well she is doing

================



======= Instance Index 14 =========
Input Text: Context: Remy blinked Quinn's eyes because Quinn was paralyzed after the car accident.

Question: What does Remy need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Cry

B: move Quinn's eyelids

C: Lay still

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.19922
Retrieved Text: A Northeast Iowa man has been taken into custody after leading deputies on a high speed chase in Winneshiek County, and ramming two officers' cars.
The incident began Friday just north of Decorah, when an off-duty Winneshiek County deputy spotted a vehicle driven by 36 year old Andrew Quinn of Decorah, head south on Highway 52, toward Decorah. Quinn was wanted on an outstanding mittimus/no bond arrest warrant for a contempt of court probation violation.
The deputy contacted Decorah Police, and an officer intercepted Quinn near Chattahoochee County Park, on the northwest side of Decorah, and made the traffic stop.
As the officer approached Quinn's vehicle, Quinn sped off, southbound, toward the Highway 9 intersection, leading authorities on a pursuit reaching speeds at over 90 mph.
Since the intersection is a busy interchange, a deputy cleared the area of traffic, to try to prevent an accident. Quinn's vehicle struck the deputy's car, and as he was backing up to continue to flee the scene, he struck a second deputy's car that attempted to block him in. No one was injured in the collisions, but one of the squad cars had significant damage.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.487762
Retrieved Text: A girl from a family that owns a summer camp finds healing and new perspectives from a relationship with a newcomer the year after a tragic accident divides her family and leaves her brokenhearted. By the author of If Birds Fly Back. 30,000 first printing. Simultaneous eBook.
*Starred Review* Legend has it that a sea monster lives in the waters of Winship, Maine, and on the worst day of her life, Quinn Sawyer saw it. Quinn's childhood was, in a word, idyllic: she spent summers at the Hundreds, her family's summer camp, alongside her siblings, Reed and Fern, and with Dylan, the boy who was special to them all. But that was before. It's winter now and Winship is almost as quiet as the Sawyer household-Quinn and her siblings, once close, now barely speak, and Quinn, who doesn't believe in the magic of the Hundreds anymore, thinks she is just as monstrous as the sea monster she once thought she saw. When Alexander, a rare new boy, moves to Winship, Quinn befriends him, and slowly she begins to emerge from the isolation she's imposed on herself since summer. Sorosiak's sophomore novel (If Birds Fly Back, 2017) is a striking examination of love-of friends, of family, of self-as well as of grief. Quinn is a quietly compelling narrator, and touches of magical realism add a rich, atmospheric layer to her story. Then-and-now chapters keep the pace moving forward and add a hint of mystery, but ultimately this is a soft and lovely exploration of how life can freeze

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.882328
Retrieved Text: Lyric Whetsone only had eyes for Quinn Sobel's brother Oliver, until a car crash took Oliver's life on New Year's Eve. Then, a moment of shared grief between Quinn and Lyric became something more impassioned, something that frightened Quinn so much he ran from Lyric's bed and her life, disappearing for four long years.
Now Quinn's back for another New Year's Eve, struggling for closure, desperate to leave his grief in the past and make amends with the girl of his dreams.
But Lyric has a secret—one that could drive Quinn from her life forever. Will Quinn run away from the love and acceptance he's always wanted... or will he claim his New Year's kiss and make her his at midnight?
Kassiah: This is the first book by Robin Bielman that I’ve ever read but after this, I want to read everything! Surprisingly emotional, Yours at Midnight is a fast holiday read.
After losing her best friend on NYE four years ago, Lyric had one night of passion with his twin, Quinn. Now, Quinn’s back and it is on. I didn’t like Lyric all that much, but that’s not really surprising. I did love Quinn–again, not surprising–and loved them together. I was surprised by how much story Bielman packed in here, but I still wanted more at the end. This is a novella and will only take you a little while to get through. It was fun, and I can’t wait for more from this author!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.056652
Retrieved Text: Kevin Quinn and Mickey Rivera were killed in a head-on crash in Cotuit early Saturday; Jocelyn Goyette died from her injuries on Monday.
Quinn, a Marine veteran, was on his way home from visiting his wife Kara and newborn daughter Logan at Cape Cod Hospital.
Mashpee police confirmed Monday that officers were pursuing Rivera.
Police confirmed Monday that they were pursuing a vehicle when it crashed head-on into an SUV on Cape Cod shortly after midnight Saturday, killing three people.
Kevin Quinn, 32, of Mashpee, and Mickey Rivera, 22, of Fall River, died in the collision on Route 28 in Cotuit. Rivera's passenger, 24-year-old Jocelyn Goyette of New Bedford, died on Monday at a hospital in Boston.
Mashpee police said they were chasing a car driven by Rivera but would not say what launched the pursuit. Police radio reports indicate the chase began following a report of erratic operation and speeding.
Quinn, a Marine veteran who served two tours of duty in Afghanistan, was returning home from a hospital visit with his wife, Kara, and their first child, Logan, who had been born on Wednesday. He was expected to return to Cape Cod Hospital on Saturday morning to bring home his wife and daughter, according to a GoFundMe page set up for the family.
All three victims are dead after a crash early Saturday morning in Cotuit, Mass., including Marines veteran Kevin Quinn.
"He was a very loving son, an awesome husband, and was so proud to be a dad," said Janet Quinn, Kevin's mother, at a roadside memorial unveiling a cross in her

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.760284
Retrieved Text: Stephen Byerley is a man who was the victim of a car accident, in which his wife died and he was severely wounded. After a slow recovery, he has returned to public life. Currently, he is a lawyer, a successful, middle-aged prosecutor, a humanitarian who never presses for the death penalty. He runs for mayor of a major American city (implied to be Chicago), but Francis Quinn's political machine smears him. They claim that the real Stephen Byerley, rather than having recovered, was permanently disfigured and crippled by the accident, and the Byerley who appears in the public is a humanoid robot, that is, a machine built to look like a human being, created by Stephen Byerley to be what he himself could be no longer. If this is true, the "Frankenstein complex" hysteria will ruin his campaign, as only human beings are allowed to run for office. Quinn approaches U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men corporation, the world's only supplier of positronic robot brains, and attempts to persuade them that Byerley must be a robot. No one has ever seen Byerley eat or sleep, Quinn reports.
All attempts to prove or disprove Byerley's humanity fail. He is visited by Alfred Lanning and Dr. Susan Calvin on Quinn's suggestion, and the Chief Robopsychologist offers him an apple. Quite nonchalantly, Byerley takes a bite — proving nothing since (like R. Daneel Olivaw) he may have been designed with an emergency stomach. Quinn attempts to take clandestine X-ray photographs, but Byerley wears a device which fogs the camera. Through all

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.496807
Retrieved Text: Howdy, friends. Just wanted to hop on real quick like and RAVE about my blog's new look. You likey? I LOVEY. My friend Quinn created this fantastic new design and I could not be happier with it. Quinn has two of the prettiest and most darling little girls you will ever lay eyes on. She also happens to be Carney's sister. Carney, Quinn and the girls have pretty frequent play dates and my Lillian and Quinn's Ellington have become fast friends. So, hop on over to Quinn's blog and check her out because she's amazing.
Our weekend was pretty low-key, and I sadly don't really have any photos of our happenings. Friday was our 5th wedding anniversary. My mother- and father-in-law were nice enough to volunteer to come into town to watch the kiddies so that Dan and I could have an evening out. We ate dinner at Mandolin and then tried a new dessert spot, Bittersweet. Both were delicious and did not disappoint (and Bittersweet was also very trendy, it almost made me feel young again HA!). We also used Uber so that neither of us had to drive = double score. We'd used the service before in NY, DC, ATL, etc. but it's new to Raleigh. Definitely sign up if you haven't checked it out!
On Saturday, we packed up the kiddies and headed downtown to spend the morning at artsplosure, which is always a lot of fun. My in-laws hit the road at nap time and we spent the rest of the day picking up

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.392292
Retrieved Text: From a bright new talent comes a riveting psychological thriller about an American exchange student in France involved in a suspicious accident, and the journalist determined to break the story and uncover the dark secrets a small town is hiding. On a quiet summer morning, seventeen-year-old American exchange student Quinn Perkins stumbles out of the woods near the small French town of St. Roch. Barefoot, bloodied, and unable to say what has happened to her, Quinn's appearance creates quite a stir, especially since the Blavettes-the French family with whom she's been staying-have mysteriously disappeared. Now the media, and everyone in the idyllic village, are wondering if the American girl had anything to do with her host family's disappearance. Though she is cynical about the media circus that suddenly forms around the girl, Boston journalist Molly Swift cannot deny she is also drawn to the mystery and travels to St. Roch. She is prepared to do anything to learn the truth, including lying so she can get close to Quinn. But when a shocking discovery turns the town against Quinn and she is arrested for the murders of the Blavette family, she finds an unlikely ally in Molly. As a trial by media ensues, Molly must unravel the disturbing secrets of the town's past in an effort to clear Quinn's name, but even she is forced to admit that the American Girl makes a very compelling murder suspect. Is Quinn truly innocent and as much a victim as the Blavettes-or is she a cunning, diabolical killer intent

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.30048
Retrieved Text: Vallejo police are accusing Denise Huskins of faking her own kidnapping, with the help of her boyfriend, Aaron Quinn. But the attorneys for Quinn are fighting back, saying the police are wrong.
VALLEJO, Calif. (KGO) -- Vallejo police are accusing Denise Huskins of faking her own kidnapping, with the help of her boyfriend. But the attorneys for the boyfriend, Aaron Quinn, are fighting back, saying the police are wrong.
"We have not seen evidence yet that this was some kind of hoax," said Daniel Russo, one of the attorneys for Quinn.
Russo said he understands that there are significant pressures on the Vallejo Police Department and the FBI, but "there seems to be a stream of blatant lies coming out about our client, about the victim and about what's going on."
"He was drugged and there were at least two kidnappers. I could understand some kind of theory if they were trying to get money out of someone else, but the ransom demands were specifically to his accounts," said Russo.
Accusing Vallejo police and the FBI of mismanaging the case, Quinn's attorneys maintain that Huskins was kidnap from Quinn's home early Monday.
"He was not only bound up, he was drugged and one of the things he did voluntarily was to give a blood test so the police could confirm that the kidnappers drugged him," said Russo.
"Our client is suffering tremendously. He's very worried about Denise Huskins," added Amy Morton, another of Quinn's attorney. "They keep saying he's telling lies, he's not cooperating. He has cooperated."
Wednesday night, Vallejo police stated they had

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.08065
Retrieved Text: In Governor Quinn's last day in office, he released his final batch of decisions on clemency petitions. The final batch contains 43 granted and 119 denied. Quinn's total numbers for his time as governor are 4,928 clemency decisions, with 1,795 granted and 3,133 denied.
That is tremendous work for Quinn's six years in Springfield. The Bryant Chavez Law Office would like to extend its gratitude to Quinn for taking his pardon power seriously and showing the mercy and compassion that is fit for the Chief Executive of Illinois. Thank you!
Congratulations to the 43 that were able to get their petitions granted today! I am sure the pardons are befitting the years of hard work and rehabilitation you have put into improving your lives. For the rest that are still pending, good luck and may we see Governor Rauner live up to the standard set by his predecessor!
Today Governor Quinn released his penultimate batch of pardon decisions, granting 232 and denying 262. Since taking office, Quinn has now acted on 4,766 clemency petitions with 1,752 being granted.
This batch is notable as it includes Quinn's first pardon based on innocence. That contrasts with the vast majority of pardons which are granted to those who have rehabilitated and hope to move on with their lives having their rights restored and criminal records clean for background checks.
Quinn also told The Associated Press that he will release one more batch on Monday. So for those that are still waiting, keep your fingers crossed as clemency may still be coming to you soon.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.882107
Retrieved Text: Ryan Quinn, 11, points to a mariachi singer that began to sing as he stands with his mother Katherine Quinn during "An Evening with Anthony Quinn."
While many are familiar with Mexican-American actor Anthony Quinn's onscreen career, organizers of Saginaw's Cinco de Mayo celebration showcased the late actor's other passion -- art.
His widow, Katherine, and children, Antonia and Ryan, headed for Shapers The Salon and Day Spa in Saginaw Township on Monday with numbered lithograph copies of Quinn's paintings and sculptures. The Mid-Michigan Hispanic Business Association hosted the event.
Also on display was jewelry Cici Carter designed that Quinn's work inspired.
MORE PHOTOS: Follow the 'continue' link below.
Marie Jimenez, 54, of Saginaw, center, poses for a photo with Katherine Quinn, left, Ryan Quinn, 11, and Antonia Quinn, 14, during "An Evening with Anthony Quinn" at Shapers Spa, 685 N. Center. Katherine Quinn is the widow of Anthony Quinn and his artwork is displayed behind them.
Katherine Quinn, right, autographs an Anthony Quinn art book during "An Evening with Anthony Quinn" Monday at Shapers Spa in Saginaw Township. Her son Ryan Quinn, 11, and daughter Antonia Quinn, 14, stand on each side of the book. Katherine Quinn is the widow of Anthony Quinn and his artwork hangs to the right.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.51374
Retrieved Text: Posted by Rick Pearson and Ray Long at 9:06 a.m.; last updated at 1:41 p.m.
Republican challenger Bill Brady this afternoon conceded defeat to Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn in their hard-fought contest.
"I just a few minutes ago got off the phone with Gov. Quinn and congratulated him on his victory," said Brady at a packed news conference at a hotel in downstate Bloomington with dozens of well wishers in attendance. "We came to the conclusion that Gov. Quinn won this race."
Brady called leading Illinois Republicans this morning to inform them of his decision to end the race as he trails Quinn by more than 19,000 votes.
Brady's remarks came after his running mate, Jason Plummer, addressed the crowd. "I got into this race not for political reasons but because I thought there were problems in Illinois," said Plummer, who added that he spoke with Democratic lieutenant governor candidate Sheila Simon. "It's been an honor."
On Thursday, Brady was not ready to concede, saying there are still uncounted ballots. But A Tribune analysis published Thursday showed most of the remaining ballots are in suburban Cook County and Chicago, where Quinn handily outpaced Brady. Populous counties that lean Republican had few ballots left to be counted.
"We're evaluating in our own way. Gov. Quinn's got a right to his opinion," Brady said. "We were hopeful that we would have a positive outcome. We're still hopeful that we end up with that. And we're just going through something we didn't anticipate right now."
Pressed on whether he viewed his effort as an uphill climb,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.405113
Retrieved Text: That was the draft-day scouting report on Brady Quinn. And it seemed that every team was buying it. Once projected as the NFL's top selection, the Notre Dame quarterback slipped to number 22 -- where Cleveland nabbed him with their second pick in the first round.
But as I look at Quinn standing waist-deep in a pool during his Men's Health cover shoot, "solid but not special" is not the phrase that comes to mind. "Can't miss" seems far more appropriate. At 6'3'', 236 pounds, and a remarkable 5 percent body fat, Quinn is a striking image of health. Armed with a football, he takes a deep breath and disappears into the sparkling blue chlorine bath. A moment later, the 22-year-old explodes out of the water, turns in midair, and fires a sopping-wet spiral into the Phoenix sun. Naturally, it hits me right between the numbers.
For the photographer, agents, and on-set guests, Quinn is kindly showcasing the powerful arm and physique that made him a Heisman Trophy favorite and the most prolific passer in Fighting Irish history. There's no doubt the guy looks like a superstar in every frame of our film. But what about on an NFL field?
Forget the GMs, scouts, and radio hosts. Quinn wants to answer that question himself: "I have a lot of confidence in my God-given ability. I think that ability, combined with my work ethic, will allow me to flourish in the NFL."
After watching him on the field for 4 years, and in the gym for 2 days, call me a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.318127
Retrieved Text: Former administrative assistant at the Salem P.D.
Taylor was a cleaning girl at Titan who struck up a friendship with Eric Brady. Nicole got very offended by these conversations, and didn't like it at all. She treated Taylor disrespectfully when Eric wasn't there, and subtly pushed around when he was there. It was revealed that Taylor and Nicole were sisters. Eric and Lucas were as shocked as anyone. Lucas met with a car accident and needed physical therapy. Taylor was assigned to help with him exclusively. Kate offered Taylor a good salary with room and board at the Kiriakis Mansion if she would be Lucas' companion and physical therapist. Taylor took the job offer, and Nicole didn't like it.
For a while, Taylor was missing in action, but when she returned she was still in love with Eric, and more threatening than ever to Nicole. Lucas made Taylor his pawn in his quest to get Nicole. Lucas made Taylor a model to prove to Nicole that any new face gets old pretty quickly. When Taylor found out what Lucas had done, she left town to attend college.
In January 2011, a broke Taylor returned to Salem and arrived at the DiMera mansion and asked Nicole for help. Nicole was reluctant at first, but soon warmed up to the idea of having Taylor live with her. Little did Nicole know that Taylor and E.J. had a chance meeting at the pier and had fallen for each other. Despite being married to Nicole, E.J. suggested that he and Taylor have an

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.025295
Retrieved Text: Paul Quinn, who’s been a well-known name in the auction industry for years, and his son David Quinn, founded Quinn’s Auction Galleries in 1995. The family business went very well from the start. At first they kept foremost monthly auctions but could eventually turn to hold auctions every week.
The year 2001 Paul Quinn's second son, Matthew Quinn, joined the business (who since 2010 can be seen as a frequent recurring appraiser in the PBS series Antiques Roadshow) and today Quinn's auctions is the leading auction house in Fairfax County and auctions annually 35,000 items.
2004 Quinn's bought up Waverly Auctions, which is a part of the business still today. In October 2012 Quinn’s auction galleries, in a partnership with Ken Farmer’s and his Farmer Auctions, formed Quinn & Farmer Auctions.
Quinn's Auction Galleries "Treasure auctions" takes place every Wednesday with a very varied selection. Larger gallery auctions takes place about 3-5 times a year. Everything from furniture, artwork, silver, carpets and glass are recurring items during their auctions.
Quinn's Auction Galleries is also a part of IGavelAuctions.com, in where they also provide their clients recurring online auctions.
2 Seto style ribbed vases, 20th century.
Paul Jacoulet, Chinese puppets, woodblock.
Japanese woodblock print, Kiyoshi Saito.
Paul Jacoulet, The Treasure, woodblock.
2 Ainu dolls on wooden bases.
2 Hirado blue & white vases, 19th/20th century.
2 Japanese woodblock prints, Utagawa school.
2 Carved wooden Ainu objects.
Kanzan style lotus bowl, 19th/20th century.
Japanese woodblock print, Junichiro Sekino.
Champlev brass vase, early 20th century.
Zushi Shrine with Kannon figure.
Blog posts about "Quinn's Auctions"
Realized prices "Quinn's Auctions "
Quinn's Auctions has 212 objects in the categories.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.735676
Retrieved Text: His eyes were like fogged glass, his mannerisms like clockwork. Their heads moved in unison to the sounds around them, cocking their heads and shuffling their bodies through turns to appear to look towards a voice. They were like figurines in a music box, each limb bending and twisting to the sounds that played around them. Quinn and Kiara looked so fragile in that moment.
Kairi was pleasantly surprised at the sight of Quinn and Kiara, as she had brought up a new found friend from the Underdark whom she had convinced that this demon, Quinn, would be an obstacle for. This vicious drow, Kel'atar, was the perfect specimen of pride and testosterone to throw against Quinn. One so much like the other, she knew they would have to engage each other in a battle for territory, like lions during mating season. This was her chance to rid herself of her pain, not of a broken heart, but the pain she repeatedly suffered every time she saw Quinn with another woman. It was no longer her pain she felt, but theirs, knowing what their future would bring.
Words were exchanged between the two, beating their chests claiming dominance. Kel'atar struck, catching Quinn off guard as he was succumbed to his blindness. The scuffle continued, Quinn moving himself away from Kiara and gaining strength and sight as he did so. The battle was taken down the road as Quinn was trying to regain his composure. Kiara cried out for them to stop, but she couldn't see that they had

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.72192
Retrieved Text: Enjoy Brindi Quinn's Books? Tell us Why and Win a Free Book!
Welcome to Brindi Quinn's BookGorilla Author Page! We're working hard to bring you the best deals ever on Brindi Quinn's Kindle books. If you’re a Brindi Quinn fan, we'd love to have your help in making this author page special. Tell us, in no more than 150 words, why you think Brindi Quinn is great. Use this webform to send us your submission, and if we select yours we'll offer you one of Brindi Quinn's books or a Kindle Gift Card as a free gift! Thanks!
Please enter your email address and click the Follow button to follow Brindi Quinn!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.495068
Retrieved Text: Quinn's Post was the most advanced post of the ANZAC line. Located on the northern edge of the main ANZAC line, along with Pope's Hill, it was one of the keys to the Monash and Shrapnel valleys. If it had fallen the Turks could have broken into the heart of the ANZAC position.
Quinn's Post was first formed in the days following the 25 April landing by small parties of several Australian and New Zealand units, and later British Royal Marines. It was named after Major Hugh Quinn of the 15th Battalion, who was killed leading a charge against Turks who had gained a foothold in the Post on 29 May. For the campaign's first two months Quinn's was mainly garrisoned by the 13th, 15th and 16th Battalions and then the 1st Light Horse Brigade. In June 1915 the New Zealand Infantry Brigade replaced them, and from September it was held exclusively by the 17th Battalion.
Quinn's was the scene of some of the most dramatic events in the Gallipoli campaign. They included the Turkish attacks in April and May, particularly 19 and 29 May, the 24 May truce, and a series of attacks in May and June, Charles Bean described the holding of Quinn's as among the Australian Imperial Force finest feats.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.469242
Retrieved Text: In 2014, 17-year-old high school senior and aspiring inventor David Raskin (Jonny Weston) is admitted into MIT, but is unable to afford its tuition fees. Upon learning his mother, Kathy Raskin (Amy Landecker), is planning to sell the house, David enlists his sister Christina (Virginia Gardner) and his friends Adam Le (Allen Evangelista) and Quinn Goldberg (Sam Lerner) to go through the belongings of his father, Ben Raskin (Gary Weeks), an inventor who died in a car crash on David's 7th birthday, in the hope of finding something that David can use to get a scholarship. David ends up finding an old camera with a video recording of his birthday, in which he briefly spots his 17-year-old self in a reflection. The four later find the blueprints of a temporal relocation device that Ben was developing for the United States military, and use the available resources to build a functional time machine, including hydrogen canisters stolen from their school. David, Christina, Adam, and Quinn later use the battery from the car of David's longtime crush, Jessie Pierce (Sofia Black D'Elia), who is attending a party in the neighborhood, to charge up the machine, and successfully send a toy car back in time, blowing out the power for the entire neighborhood. They end up being caught by Jessie and recruit her to their experiment, which they nickname "Project Almanac."
David, Jessie, Christina, Adam, and Quinn eventually travel back in time to the day before and break into Quinn's house, where they draw a smiley face on the back

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.37942
Retrieved Text: “Insidious” was one of the more memorable horror entries in the genre to come out in quite some time. It was a low-budget ghost story with relatable characters, an interesting story, and most importantly well-earned frights. A sequel was inevitable but while the “Back to the Future Part II” type hijinks were fun the second film failed to even come close to the original. How could this third entry with an almost entirely new casts (because it's a prequel) be any good whatsoever? It surprisingly is. It deepens the story of the likable medium Elise (Lin Shaye) and how she comes to work with those two silly ghosthunters while delivering enough decent scares to keep you on edge.
It's wonderful how far Shaye, sister of former New Line Cinema president Bob Shaye, has come in her career. She was basically planting in various New Line movies in tiny roles because nepotism. She's the teacher in “A Nightmare on Elm Street” she's Mrs. “Noogieburger” in “Dumb & Dumber” and she was a flight attendant in “Snakes on a Plane.” Of course, let's not forget her memorable turn as the dog-kissing human leather bag Magda in “There's Something About Mary.” Here, as one of the industry's hardest working character actors she's finally given the standout role practically headlining her own movie at the ripe old age of 71.
The story of “Insidious Chapter 3” involves a teenage girl named Quinn (Stefanie Scott) who lives in an apartment with her widowed father and younger brother. She contacts Elise to help her

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.324474
Retrieved Text: He and his sister, Quinn, shared a sweet moment on air.
Carson Daly thanked his sister on air Wednesday for the selfless act that "literally saved [his] life."
His sister, Quinn, 48, moved with her family from Palm Desert, California, to New York City so the family could be together after losing their parents.
"I just want to say publicly to my sister a quick thank you,'' Carson said on TODAY before giving her a heartfelt hug.
In September 2017, Carson and Quinn's mother, Pattie Daly Caruso, died at 73 of a heart attack. Just five weeks later, their stepfather Richard Caruso, whom they called "Pops," also passed away. He died at 85 from bone cancer and had been a beloved father to the siblings following the 1979 death of their biological father, Jim Daly, from bladder cancer.
"It was a crippling time for our family,'' Carson said. "After that devastating event, Quinn and I sort of looked at each other and went, 'We're all we have left.' Like literally, you're my only family left. Life is too short."
Quinn, her husband, Joel, and their daughters Jaden, 13, and Katherine, 9, moved from California, where they were living near the siblings' parents, to be near Carson, his wife, Siri, and their three children.
"They live a block away from me,'' Carson said. "Our kids go to school together and our family time is at the top of our priority list. And I want to thank you for making that move because it's literally saved my life."
That crucial family time was a reason why

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.1581
Retrieved Text: “For thousands of patrons listening to a phonograph for the first time in the 1890s, the voice they heard coming out of the horn belonged to Dan W. Quinn. In an era when performers were seen as secondary to the song, early record buyers understood that the name Dan Quinn meant the record was a winner. He always brought the newest hits, sung with pep and consistent clarity, and he did so thousands of times for dozens of labels. These 30 selections, taken from rare cylinders and discs, highlight Quinn's quarter-century in the studio, featuring the up-to-date comic numbers for which he was best known, along with sentimental ballads and ragtime songs he helped establish as standards. The 52-page booklet inside presents original research and stunning new discoveries about the man and his career, illustrated with many previously unpublished photos. Quinn recalled making his first test for the phonograph at a social club in Hoboken, January 1892, when the commercial recording business was only about three years old and fighting mightily for visibility. Hired by the New York Phonograph Company, and then by the United States Phonograph Company, Quinn quickly brought vitality to the new medium. He had amazing versatility and extraordinary stamina - meaning he could sing just about every kind of song hot off the publishers' presses and he could do so for hours on end, filling demand for records ‘by the round’ in those days before mastering technology. Dan made himself indispensible to all the record companies of the 1890s and familiar to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.742695
Retrieved Text: Representation of women in the United States Congress lags behind more than 90 nations. It is even worse for governors and mayors: women make up only 10% of our governors and 12% of mayors in our 100 largest cities. The recent New York State mayoral primaries reflect some improvement in women's representation through municipal leadership, but also highlight a persistent, nationwide problem of a lack of women candidates running for elected offices.
Christine Quinn earned a mere 15.5% of the votes - 100,020 votes - in the 2013 New York City Democratic mayoral primary on September 10. Out of 9 candidates in the Democratic primary and 3 in the Republican primary, Quinn was the only woman running. For much of the race, Quinn had been considered the frontrunner.
Some hypothesize that she lost in part because of her gender. However, the real concern is: why was Quinn the only female candidate running in an open seat in such an important election? Why, in the largest city in the United States for one of the most visible public offices, was there such a dearth of female candidates? This election reflects the broader problem of a lack of parity in politics - women are not as likely as men to run for office.
There were other possible reasons for Quinn's defeat aside from her gender. In particular, Quinn was often criticized for her strong association with Mayor Michael Bloomberg, and New York voters wanted a more dramatic change in leadership. Regardless of whether gender played any role in Quinn's poor results,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.65267
Retrieved Text: As many of you know, Illinois Governor Pat Quinn today utilized his amendatory veto authority to hijack a pro-gun bill and convert it into a ban on so called assault weapons. Quinn claims that his bill would "...make Illinois a safer place."
Of course, lawful Illinois firearm owners know better. We know that Quinn's true aim is to obliterate private firearm ownership in the state. Closer analysis of Quinn's bill reveals a host of opportunities for Quinn and his buddy Emanuel to make life miserable for the state's lawful firearm owners.
1. Ban the manufacture, possession or sale of nearly every semiautomatic rifle, pistol and shotgun you own.
2. Specifically ban Glock pistols since they share a common design with the Glock 18, a select fire handgun.
3. Require you to register every semiautomatic firearm and every magazine you own that exceeds 10 round capacity. The kicker is that, under Quinn's proposal, the State Police can charge you unlimited fees to register your guns. Thus if Quinn's bill passes, you could very well find yourself paying $100 or even $1,000 per firearm per year to comply with the law. Additionally, you could find yourself paying $50, $100 or even $500 per year for each "high capacity" magazine you own. Can't pay? Well then you would have to surrender your guns to the State Police for destruction.
This is just a taste of what you could expect from Quinn's gun ban. Twists and turns in the bill would certainly open up the doors to taxation, regulation, and outright bans on every civilian

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.44632
Retrieved Text: Paralysis caused by a car accident may result in an ability to use one’s voice, legs, or both the legs and arms simultaneously (quadriplegia). Spinal cord injuries are unpredictable.
The paralysis is usually due to an injury to the spine, but can also be due to an injury of the limbs, brain, or other nerves in the body. Whatever the cause of the paralysis, becoming paralyzed in any way due to a car accident will lead to a drastic change in both lifestyle and income.
Paralysis can lead to extensive new medical needs, as well as mental health needs as you adjust.
If you or someone you love was paralyzed in a car accident, it is important to take all necessary legal actions so that the victim is not burdened with all of these changes in addition to financial and legal problems.
Traumatic brain injuries from a blow to the head can cause paralysis if the brain is damaged in a way that results in it being unable to control movement or respond to stimuli.
Damage to the spinal cord can cause paralysis as the messages to and from the brain are unable to pass through the damaged receptors in the spinal cord.
Serious nerve damage to the limbs or other areas of the body can cause paralysis as that area of the body is now unable to send or receive signals to or from the brain.
Essentially, paralysis has very little to do with the muscle tissue itself and has everything to do with the pathways between nerves and neurons. Because of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.929644
Retrieved Text: Renowned hymnodist James Quinn, SJ lives on in this collection of 27 hymn settings with music by Paul Inwood. A close friend of Quinn's, Inwood set out to fully realize and capture these works more than 50 years ago. Though never published, these compositions remained intact and have been refreshed for 2018. For any who loved Hymns for All Seasons, this songbook is sure to be a favorite in your repertoire.
In the late 1960s, Fr. Quinn's 100 texts were sent out to various composers for musical composition. The original concept called for both traditional and new settings, but Paul Inwood was the only one to submit new material. The project was then abandoned due to lack of participation, and when New Hymns for All Seasons was released in 1969, Fr. Quinn's work was only seen through traditional hymn tunes.
In the 1970s, Paul urged Quinn to write hymns in more unconventional meters. Many artists were looking to experiment from a musical standpoint, but it needed to begin with the hymnodist. And so, Quinn set out to create from a new point-of-view and push the boundaries of hymn writing. What we are now left with is a compilation of both conventional and unconventional meters. The music that followed was, by nature, unconventional as well. Paul noted that many of these hymns contained "unexpected melodic twists and harmonies." However, it has since been updated to accommodate the players of today.
Many of the compositions from the early '70s feature a similar "pattern" as described by Paul. Within this pattern, the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.881672
Retrieved Text: Brooke is a student at Lawndale High School and is a peer of Quinn Morgendorffer and the other members of the Fashion Club. Brooke was first introduced and makes her only speaking appearance in the episode "Too Cute".
In "Too Cute", Brooke receives a nose job from Dr. Shar which increases her popularity at LHS. Quinn states that Brooke's nose "had an extra bone in it" before the operation and was not cute (Quinn, however, is not a reliable narrator). Brooke's level of "cute" moves to "supercute" after Dr. Shar performs liposuction on Brooke's waist and gives Brooke collagen injections in her lips.
At one point during the episode, Brooke is considered for Fashion Club membership by Sandi, who was jealous of Quinn's popularity as of the events of "Too Cute". However, Brooke suffers a "nasal relapse" and the collagen from her upper lip somehow slides to her lower lip, her "cuteness" suffers and she falls out of consideration for Fashion Club membership.
Whenever Brooke is seen as a background character after "Too Cute" (for example, standing next to Stacy in "Fat Like Me"), she maintains her collagened-tight-waisted appearance of her "supercute" state. One must assume that Dr. Shar, or some other competent plastic surgeon, was able to repair the damage at some point in the future.
Later mentions of Brooke are those where Fashion Club members detail her fashion faux pas, such as coming to school in "crushed velour that can't be uncrushed" and trying to pass off stone-washed jeans as retro. In "The Old and the Beautiful", Quinn

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.631088
Retrieved Text: On impulse, Quinn gives up her job, home, and boyfriend. She heads up the coast to the small hometown of Wildstone, California, which is just a few hours north, but feels worlds apart from Los Angeles. Though she doesn't quite fit in right away, she can't help but be drawn to the town’s simple pleasures… and the handsome, dark-haired stranger who offers friendship with no questions asked.
Who could not fall in love with this story full of engaging and entertaining characters? Ms. Shalvis always gives us a whole book full of new friends to get to know and love, and this time we have the residents of Wildstone to amuse us, as well as meeting the important people in Quinn's life in LA.
There are a number of layers running through the story, which offer plenty to keep one's interest and that tie back together and give the reader plenty of emotional connections to the main protagonists. Quinn learns the hard way just how much her parents may have had to put up with when she was a teenager. And she also recognises that whilst they may have kept secrets from her, they only ever wanted to be the best parents that they could be. Mick is caught up with helping his newly widowed mother, but cannot help but support other residents of the town who are being persecuted. Both of them have to make big decisions at a time when they are also dealing with an unexpectedly serious attraction.
Each chapter starts with a lovely little statement,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.595562
Retrieved Text: Since 2006, the Quinn Keast Foundation has been handing out "QK No Regrets" wristbands in honour of Quinn's legacy. The bands, which were conceived in the difficult days following Quinn's passing, have served as a daily reminder on the wrists of thousands who choose to honour Quinn's memory and live by his principle of having No Regrets. Eight orders and nearly 16,000 wristbands later, the meaningful bands have been seen on wrists everywhere from NCAA and NBA play, to the Beijing Olympics, to the local school yard.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.494612
Retrieved Text: Summary: This is the story of Quinn—born Prudence Quinn O'Malley—a confused young Manhattan attorney who loses her father on that tragic September morning that changed everything. Now, at an existential crossroads in her life, Quinn must confront impossible questions about commitment and career, love and loss. Her idealistic beau desperately wants a wedding, and whisks her away to Paris just to propose. But then Quinn has a dream featuring judges and handcuffs and Nietzsche and Britney . . . and far too many grooms. Suddenly, her future isn't so clear. Quinn's world has become a minefield of men—some living, some gone, and traversing it safely is going to take a lot more than numerous glasses of pinot grigio.
When I first picked up LIFE AFTER YES by Aidan Donnelley Rowley, I immediately noticed how gorgeous the cover was. I do love that dress! The next thing I did was turn over the book and read the description, and I became even more intrigued -- I love "coming-of-age" stories. And even though Quinn appears to be all grown up -- she has a great career and she's engaged, she is obvious struggling in her life and trying to cope with some major baggage like losing her father on 9/11 and still having some feelings towards her ex. The premise sounded promising and I was hoping that it was one of those stories about a woman finding herself and some happiness.
LIFE AFTER YES definitely lived up to my expectations. In fact, I was pleasantly surprised by how deep this

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.222927
Retrieved Text: Phew - Quinn's gone down for a late morning nap and I've finally got a couple of minutes to write up her 3 week update. It's not that we've been any busier than usual (although this has been my first week with both children since Boyfriend's gone back to work) - but Quinn has turned in to a serious Mummy's girl recently.
Woah - what is this?
I wonder whether this is due to her being exclusively breast fed, and therefore I'm pretty much everything that she needs to survive. I'm pretty sure she's what many would refer to as a "clingy" baby, but I keep reminding myself that a) she's only three weeks old and the world is a very scary, new place that she's entirely ill equipped to live in without me and b) she will never be this dependent on my again, she's the last baby, I'll never have to do this, to be this person, again, for anyone, ever. I also keep thinking how quickly this tiny newborn stage will disappear. I see photographs of friends babies who are around the 10-12 week mark and seem a world away from Quinn, and yet we'll be there in just a matter of weeks.
I won't lie though, Week 3 has been our hardest yet. Week 1 was pretty euphoric to be honest, Week 2 I felt incredibly under control, and then, Week 3 - was what I refer to as "a shitter".
It started with our midwife, Kelly, having to come back to re-do Quinn's heel prick

================



======= Instance Index 15 =========
Input Text: Context: Austin saw that someone left their purse on top of their car as they drove away so he ran along side them to get their attention.

Question: Why did Austin do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: be nice

B: help another person

C: practice for a marathon

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.160606
Retrieved Text: The Ann Arbor News crime column reported that a man walked into a Burger King in Ypsilanti, Michigan at 8:50 AM, flashed a gun and demanded cash. The clerk turned him down because he said he couldn't open the cash register without a food order. When the man ordered onion rings, the clerk said they weren't available for breakfast. The man, frustrated, walked away.
Two men tried to pull the front off a cash machine by running a chain from the machine to the bumper of their pickup truck. Instead of pulling the front panel off the machine, though, they pulled the bumper off their truck. Scared, they left the scene and drove home...with the chain still attached to the machine....with their bumper still attached to the chain....with their vehicle's license plate still attached to the bumper.
A man walked into a Circle-K, put a $20 bill on the counter and asked for change. When the clerk opened the cash drawer, the man pulled a gun and asked for all the cash in the register, which the clerk promptly provided. The man took the cash from the clerk and fled, leaving the $20 bill on the counter. The total amount of cash he got from the drawer? $15.00. [If someone points a gun at you and gives you money, was a crime committed?
It seems that this guy wanted some beer pretty badly. He decided that he'd just throw a cinder block through a liquor store window, grab some booze, and run. So he lifted the cinder block and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.512268
Retrieved Text: BOMB LIKE GAS BLAST KILLS 4.
2 CARS MELTED AT AUSTIN.
Austin (UPI) -- A leaking gas pumping station exploded "like an atom bomb" shortly before midnight killing four persons and seriously burning four others. The explosion caused a fire so intense that two stalled cars were melted before it was controlled today.
"It was just like the mushroom back in '46 when they experimented with the atom bomb," said G. W. Moffett, owner of a small store in nearby Elroy, 10 miles east of Austin.
The explosion, which burned out power lines serving the Elroy community and melted the cars, sent flames shooting 300 yards into the air.
MR. and MRS. WILLIAM B. HILGERS said their car stalled, apparently from the gas-laden air, as they drove past the pumping station shortly after 11 p.m. on their way home from attending a concert in Austin.
"We saw this white cloud of gas," MRS. HILGERS said. "We could hear the gas leaking and could see the gas pouring out of the ground."
The HILGERS ran to a house 400 yards away.
"BILL kept turning around all the way. Just before we got there, we saw the lights of this panel truck. It just blew up."
The HILGERS cars, parked at the gate to the pumping station, "looked like a piece of melted lava" when the fire was brought under control today.
Two other cars -- apparently occupied by the victims -- were also badly burned.
Sheriffs officers listed the dead as PATTI GRANT, wife of MICHAEL GRANT; JASON GRANT, two-month-old son of the GRANTS; JUDY SHERMAN, New York,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.26689
Retrieved Text: On Sunday, 29 July 2012, when 14 Palestinian workers were attempting to cross illegally into Israel through al-Za’yyam checkpoint, east of Jerusalem, in order to work, Israeli soldiers at the checkpoint opened fire on their car. One of the workers died following a gunshot wound to his head and three others were also hit. Most of these workers, who are the main supporters of their families, cannot find jobs in the West bank and have no other choice but to work illegally in Israel.
Following the death of his parents, Sub’hi, a Palestinian living in Kibya, a village west of Ramallah, became responsible for supporting his family. He could not find work in the West Bank and as a result Sub’hi had to find a job in Israel, where he works in construction. However, since the Israeli authorities refuses to issue permits for Palestinians of Sub’hi’s age, he had to be smuggled into Israel in order to work.
At around 8:00 pm, Sub’hi left his house accompanied by his 40-year-old brother Ahmad. In Hizma, east of Jerusalem, he was joined by 13 other Palestinians, who were also waiting to be smuggled into Israel. The 14 workers were planning to pass through the checkpoint in an Israeli yellow-plated car. They would follow another car that would go through the checkpoint first to verify if the Israeli soldiers were examining identity cards.
When the workers’ car was 30 meters from the checkpoint, the driver of the first car phoned the driver of the workers’ car and warned him that he needed

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.983086
Retrieved Text: Halloween ghost stories and scary tales for frightening fun!
A newly married couple, Billy and Mable, had bought a house in Maine. They disregarded the stories told to them about the house by the realtor about the house being haunted by an insane serial killer and moved in. Mable frequently complained about the feeling that someone was touching her in the night, and Billy resolved to stay up the whole night and see who, if anybody, was doing it.
True to his word, Billy stayed up the whole night. Around midnight, he was gripped by the feeling of an overwhelming thirst. He went downstairs to the kitchen to get a glass of water. Before he could get a glass, he heard the most horrible screaming from Mable’s room. Billy rushed upstairs and screamed himself. Mable’s dead body lay bleeding on the bed. Billy rushed downstairs and called the police. Several nights later, Billy was finally sleeping peacefully, until around midnight. Again feeling very thirsty, Billy went downstairs and got a glass of water. He went upstairs and saw a lump in the bed. He ran over and ripped off the covers; The ghost of Mable floated up above him. She had an unholy light in her eyes, and the dark form of another man floated beside her. In her hand, Mable held the biggest knife Billy had ever seen.
“Didn’t you promise Billy? Didn’t you promise? ‘Till death do we part! You promised!” Mable screamed, as she floated towards the frightened and paralyzed Billy.
The boy turned the radio off.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.708565
Retrieved Text: BROOKVALE IDIOT The North Shore Times News crime column reported that a man walked into Brookvale Macdonald's at 8:50AM, flashed a gun and demanded cash. The clerk turned him down because she said she couldn't open the cash register without a food order. When the man ordered a Big Mac, the clerk said they weren't available until 10:30am as only the breakfast menu was on offer. Frustrated, the man walked away.
ADELAIDE IDIOTS Two men tried to pull the front off an ATM machine in Adelaide's Henley Street by running a chain from the machine to the bumper of their Toyota Landcruiser, but instead of pulling the front panel off the Machine they pulled the bumper off their 4WD. Scared, and attracting attention from oncoming traffic, they left the scene and drove home, with the chain still attached to the machine, their bumper still attached to the chain, and with their vehicle's license plate still attached to the bumper. No, they did not use a stolen car.
WOLLONGONG IDIOT A man walked into a Seven-Eleven, put a $20 bill on the counter and asked for change. When the clerk opened the cash drawer, the man pulled a gun and asked for all the cash in the register, which the clerk promptly provided. The man took the cash from the clerk and fled, leaving the $20 bill on the counter. The total amount of cash he got from the drawer? Fifteen dollars.
ROOTY HILL IDIOT Seems this guy wanted some beer pretty badly. He decided that he'd just throw a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.416393
Retrieved Text: "Come on Lance, let's go dance," I grabbed Lance's hand and drug him onto the sand. He had been sitting at the tables on the dock the whole time, and I was started to get worried that he was going to disappear. He seemed so unsocial.
"Do I really have to?" he asked as I drug him down the beach where everyone was dancing.
"YES!" I said to him, "come on, you'll have a lot of fun, don't just sit there the whole time."
"Ok, but only for you," he smiled as we got to the dancing part and I turned around and started to dance with him.
We were dancing for about half an hour, when "Tearin' Up My Heart" came on. The guys laughed together, and they started to do their dance moves to the song. Everyone made a circle around them as they danced. They truly were great. They seemed to be having a lot of fun too.
The song ended and everyone cheered for them. They just bowed and smiled, yelling out "Thank you". After about five minutes everyone went back to dancing.
Lance ran up to me laughing. He hugged me, "You were right, I'm having a ton of fun."
"What did I tell you Mr. Bass. You needed to have some fun."
"I'm Mr. Bass now?" he asked looking at me weirdly, "I thought I was your friend," he looked sad now, but I knew he was joking around.
"Nah, I'm not your friend," I was laughing, "no one likes you, they just pretend to," I knew I was

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.107224
Retrieved Text: CLARKSVILLE, Tenn. – Two Clarksville men are accused of robbing a man they had been drinking with, and in a separate incident, a woman is accused of taking another woman’s purse during a physical altercation that sent the victim to the emergency room.
Dustin Ryan Williams, 28, who gave a 2930 Woods Road address, and Lauren Blake Evans, 27, who gave a 4808 East Evans Road address, were each booked into Montgomery County Jail Sunday on a charge robbery and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Williams was also charged with probation violation. Bond was set at $75,000 for both men.
According to warrants, the two were drinking with the victim at a bar on Ashland City Road, and Williams asked him to borrow money after he saw him take cash from his pocket and count it. The victim declined to loan any money, saying he wasn’t carrying very much cash.
The three left and traveled to a residence in the 1800 block of Oak Plains Road, and when they got out in the driveway, the victim said Williams shoved him to the ground and Evans began hitting him on the back of the head, the warrants said. Both men kicked and hit the victim while he was down, then they took $280 from his pocket and drove away.
Police later stopped their car in the 900 block of South Riverside Drive, where a police K-9 indicated drugs were in the vehicle. Various drug-related items were found inside, according to the warrant.
Police responded to a Tiny Town Road location at 6:15 p.m. Saturday

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.026646
Retrieved Text: He took out his purse to see what was left, and he found that there were still 50 crowns.
"The Seagull must have miscounted," thought he, and he paid for his beer. Then he counted his money again and there were still 50 crowns. He took away 5 and counted a third time, but there were still 50. He emptied the purse altogether and then shut it; when he opened it the 50 crowns were still there!
Then a plan came into his head, and he determined to go at once to the court tailor and coach builder.
He ordered the tailor to make him a mantle and vest of blue velvet embroidered with pearls, and the coach builder to make him a golden coach like the coach of the Prin­cess Ludovine. If the tailor and the coach builder were quick he promised to pay them double.
A few days later the little soldier was driven through the city in his coach drawn by six white horses and with four lackeys richly dressed standing behind. Inside sat John, clad in blue velvet, with a bouquet of immortelles in his hand and a scarf bound round his arm. He drove twice round the city, throwing money to the right and left, and the third time, as he passed under the palace windows, he saw Ludovine lift a corner of the curtain and peep out.
The next day no one talked of anything but the rich lord who had distributed money as he drove along. The talk even reached the court, and the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.024204
Retrieved Text: With an extensive array of historic racing cars to choose from, the Le Mans Classic is fast becoming as popular as its sister 24 hour event. With places for the prestigious event highly sought after, JD Classics were pleased to be taking part in the event with not one but five of their most impressive classic racing cars comprising of Jaguar XK120s ‘LXO 126’ and ‘JWK 651’, Austin Healey 100S, Costin Lister and the 1952 ex-Fangio Jaguar C-Type which most recently clinched an unrivalled win at this year’s Monaco Historique.
With four of the five JD Classics entries (both XK120s, Austin Healey 100S and the C-Type) in Plateau 2, the team were optimistic of some competitive performances ahead of the 45 minute session. On the gruelling 13.63 kilometre circuit, Alex Buncombe and the Fangio C-Type were quick to make an impression, needing a mere 3 laps to achieve an easy pole and the only sub five minute lap out of the whole 80 car field. As the session progressed, the rain clouds moved in coating the circuit in a short sharp bout of rain. Despite being short lived, the precarious weather caught out a 1952 Allard J2 resulting in a red flag and the deployment of the safety car for the remainder of the session. In spite of this, the remaining three cars all qualified well with John Young placing the Austin Healey 100S in a strong 8th place with the Jaguar XK120 Ecurie Ecosse ‘LXO 126’ and ex-factory Works Competition car ‘JWK 651’ qualifying in 17th

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.808926
Retrieved Text: Topic: Based on a True Life Story: Men don't cry, But I Cried!
So I decided to drive around to be sure the car was in good condition for the trip, this was about 7.30pm...I drove up to the Games Village Traffic Junction and the car stopped. I tried starting it and it won't start, so parked, called the mechanic, who told me he has gone home but will see if he can make it back to me.
So I decided to start the car once more and Bang! The car burst into flames...I ran out of the car in shock and confusion. The next episode of this mishap is the reason for my narrative.
In all this, I was just standing by a tree, with my eyes staring into space, till I saw the flames go out eventually and I heard someone asked...where is the owner of the car?
As soon as he left, I turned to see what was left of the car and I counted 13 fire extinguishers that were used, other items that were used and also the charred remains of someone's t-shirt that was used.
I woke up this morning thinking, where and how did we get so divided and polarised as a nation, when before my own eyes I saw Musa, Obi, Femi, Andrew, Mike all helping to salvage my car, without caring who I was. I thank God for his mercies and for the good people of Nigeria...together we shall overcome.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.665726
Retrieved Text: It started out as a windy day, and stayed that way.
Good day for big birds we thought as Dieter and I drove down to Werribee. We went too look for the elusive Oriental Pratincole. However the roads were still pretty much awash from the rain of the last few days, and Austin Road, where the best sighting had been made was literally mud from end to end. When a guy in a four-wheel drive arrived and chatted about the bird and how many 4be’s had been down Austin Road on the weekend, that was just about it for my little humble two wheel drive milk and bread pickup vehicle. He also announce, ‘there is no hope of me going down there in this. (referring to the 4Be), so that was enough for us to wander on to other roads that were much better suited to the milk and bread pickup.
To our delight we found a Black-shouldered Kite that was hunting just along the roadside and got some lovely views as it came up to the car, circled around and then continued on down past the car. Wonderful.
I noticed some commotion among the silver-gulls and ducks on Lake Borrie, and a sweep with the binos revealed a White-bellied Sea Eagle on a tree. So far away. Now to get to there we had no option but to go the long way, as the road down along the bay was pretty much closed for the mile and bread van. In the end it took us about a15 minutes

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.61974
Retrieved Text: A young couple told of their terror after a gunman pointed a shotgun at them in Huddersfield and then fired it at a nearby gang of youths.
They were caught up as trouble erupted between two men in a car and a gang of youths in Almondbury Bank.
Leeds Crown Court heard that the incident began as the couple, Sam Renshaw and Amy Bailey, were unloading their car late at night on February 5 this year when a Peugeot 206 reversed and crashed into a wall.
A gang of five youths were nearby and started to flee as soon as they saw the car.
Darcy White. 24, of Cromarty Drive, Crosland Moor, is charged with having a firearm with criminal intent which he denies.
Opening the case, prosecutor, Austin Newman, told a jury that they were in fear for their lives.
He said the single shot that was fired was in the direction of the youths, not the couple.
“He brought it up and pointed it towards us."
The court heard that the gang must have known their assailants as they started running immediately the car arrived on the scene.
No-one was injured though one youth suffered a cut as he climbed over fence - and that led to police identifying him.
Mr Newman then read out a statement from Mr Renshaw which said he was unloading the car when five young adults walked up the alleyway, aged 18 to 20, wearing tracksuits with their hoods up.
Mr Renshaw said: “It all happened at once. They were running back to the alleyway and that’s when I saw

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.54833
Retrieved Text: Alaska Airlines returned this purse to Lauren Whiteside of Anchorage, Alaska.
Lauren Whiteside of Anchorage, Alaska was recently flying on Alaska Airlines on her way to Austin, Texas, when she experienced utter panic. She’d lost her purse with all her valuables inside.
The saga started when she arrived in Seattle after taking a red-eye from Anchorage and had only 25 minutes to get on a flight to Los Angeles, where she would connect to Austin.
In her rush, she left her purse – with her ID, money and credit cards – on the plane.
She realized her mistake just as the flight to L.A. hit cruising altitude.
“Aaaand then I freaked. Full-freak-out-tears-flowing mode,” she later wrote in a Facebook post.
Whiteside told our flight attendants who suggested she use the in-flight Wi-Fi to get in touch with her husband and have him call lost and found at Sea-Tac Airport.
When she did, it set in motion a plan that involved many caring Alaska employees. Dispatcher JD Duran radioed the original plane, which had since left Seattle on it’s next flight to St. Louis. After a search, Duran learned that the purse was not on the flight. The purse was safe in Seattle. Relaying that info back, the flight attendants on Whiteside’s flight told her to rest easy.
The challenge was finding a way to get the purse to Whiteside, who was now winging her way toward Los Angeles. Whiteside’s husband was going to arrange to have it sent to Austin via Fed Ex, but that would take two days.
That’s when Alaska Airlines flight attendant

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.495647
Retrieved Text: When Don and Jeanette McKinney heard the Beach Boys sing "409" in the spring of 1962, they fell in love with the song… and then the car.
When Don and Jeanette McKinney heard the Beach Boys sing “409” in the spring of 1962, they fell in love with the song… and then the car.
They went into Aloha Chevrolet in Honolulu, Hawaii, and placed their order for a 1962 Chevrolet Impala SS convertible in Coronna Cream with Anniversary Gold interior and a cream convertible top. They ordered their car equipped with power steering, power brakes, the 409cid V8 rated at 409 horsepower, a 4-speed Muncie manual transmission and a 3:23 posi-traction rear end.
The hot 409 engines were in short supply and the McKinney’s didn’t get delivery of their gorgeous Impala SS convertible until early January of 1962.
service work covered and we have 118 pages of original documentation. (not copies).
In December of 1981, the McKinney’s decided to offer their beloved Impala SS convertible for sale and on December 18th they ran the following ad in the Honolulu newspaper (we have the original ad… and the full page of the newspaper has yellowed from age).
Under vintage cars: For sale, 1962 Impala convertible, V-8 engine, manual transmission, 15,000 miles,$5,000 and their phone number.
George Cambria, a good pal of racing legend Dale Armstrong, saw the ad and called Dale in Los Angeles. Dale had long been looking without success for an all original, as-new 1962 Impala SS convertible equipped just like this car.
As evidenced by the receipt written, dated and signed by

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.455658
Retrieved Text: RUTHERFORD COUNTY, Tenn. (WKRN) - Cities in Rutherford County are pushing to be proactive to deal with potential crime surges.
In February, a woman said she 'came to' bleeding from her head, with somebody holding onto her. She was hit by car during an attempted carjacking.
“I had nine staples in my head,” says the woman, who asked to remain anonymous.
She was in her office parking lot when attacked, nearly carjacked, but eventually run over by the suspect's car which drove through a field to get away.
"When they saw my vehicle and me in it, they thought I was an easy mark," she says.
A month later and she is still recovering. Major surgery left a deep incision and the need for a wheelchair stripped this assault victim of her independence.
“This has made me very dependent, so that's a really hard thing for me," says the victim. “His partner came in his car and ran me over."
Ryan Craddock was arrested by Smyrna police and charged with attempted carjacking.
SMYRNA, Tenn. (WKRN) - A woman is recovering from serious injuries after a man tried to steal her car and then hit her with it on Tuesday in Smyrna.
According to officials with Smyrna Police, the incident happened when the woman was eating lunch in her car outside the company where she worked, Well Mat Company on Industrial Boulevard, around 1:30 p.m.
Police say the suspect, 18-year-old Ryan Austin Craddock, of Nashville, approached the woman's vehicle in an attempt to steal the car.
"This guy showed up in my window, wearing a mask over his

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.265247
Retrieved Text: FRAUD: On Feb. 15, a resident of Colorado Bend, Bogart, reported that someone made an unauthorized transaction on her banking account for $9,845.
FRAUD: On Feb. 15, a resident of Aycock Road, Bishop, reported someone made an unauthorized transaction on his debit card for $443.
ASSAULT: On Feb. 15, a deputy was dispatched at 3:29 p.m. to an apartment on Rankin Road, where a woman said she allowed her neighbor to use her vacuum cleaner to clean his car, but her ex-husband came by and unplugged it.
She said the two engaged in an argument, then her ex-husband hit the neighbor in the head with a metal rod. The deputy spoke to the ex-husband, who said he confronted the neighbor about the vacuum, then the neighbor pulled out a 9mm pistol and he responded by hitting him with the rod in self-defense.
However, the neighbor told the deputy he never pulled a gun. The deputy explained the warrant procedures to the men.
THREAT: On Feb. 15, a deputy met with a Bogart woman who said she called an insurance agent and told him his business would no longer represent her company. The insurance agent became angry and made several threats toward her.
The woman said the threats were heard by another office employee, so they called their attorney, who recommended they file a report with the sheriff's office. The matter was turned over to an investigator.
BURGLARY: On Feb. 16, deputies were dispatched to Old Farmington Road where a woman said she came home and found a window broken out and her home

########
Rank: 16
Score: 37.090294
Retrieved Text: Two overnight shootings, including one in which four police officers returned fire, punctuated a weekend of gun violence as South by Southwest festivities drew to a close in downtown Austin, prompting Police Chief Brian Manley to pledge more security for the city's entertainment district.
It was the second consecutive night that officers were called to multiple shootings. In the wee hours of Saturday morning, three separate shootings across the city, all occurring within a four-hour span, sent five people to the hospital with three of them seriously injured, authorities said.
Within 24 hours, two more shootings occurred. Austin-Travis County Emergency Medical Services medics responded just before midnight to a shooting in the 300 block of East Sixth Street. They took a man thought to be in his 20s to a hospital for a gunshot wound at 11:58 p.m.
Austin police said via Twitter that "individuals have been detained" in the shooting, but investigators were still searching for others who might have been involved.
About 2:50 a.m. Sunday, officers responded to another shooting at the Interstate 35 North frontage road and Seventh Street, and they traded gunfire with an unidentified man at the intersection, police said. By Sunday afternoon, police in the Mueller neighborhood in East Austin had found the body of a man in a vehicle that was involved in the shooting.
"This comes on the heels of what has been a violent weekend in Austin, where we have seen multiple shootings," Manley said. "And this is unacceptable. We are not going to let our entertainment district be turned into a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 37.076706
Retrieved Text: Showers and thundershowers likely this morning with a shower or two possible during the afternoon. High 59F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 80%..
Monique and Steve Forrester of LaPorte said their neighbor allegedly ran over their dog, Kenzie, on purpose. Kenzie is pictured above with one of the Forrester's grandchildren.
A LaPorte couple are seeking criminal charges against their neighbor after he allegedly ran over their 20-year-old black Labrador on purpose.
Steve Forrester, of LaPorte, said he watched in shock as his neighbor allegedly parked his vehicle in his driveway, got out, saw the dog sitting in his yard, got back into his vehicle and ran over the 80-pound dog.
The dog, Kenzie, had been a member of the family for more than 15 years and was a former guard dog at the state prison in Westville, Monique Forrester said. Kenzie, though a senior dog, was described as lively and loved playing with the couples' grandchildren and taking golf cart rides.
According to a LaPorte County Sheriff's report, on Friday afternoon police were called by the neighbor who told police it was an accident.
The LaPorte County Sheriff's office said whether the man will be charged is being discussed between the case detective and prosecutor.
According to the report, the neighbor initially called police saying he ran over his neighbor's dog on accident and his neighbor was threatening him.
When the police arrived on scene, Steve Forrester told authorities that he went outside and saw that his four dogs were in the neighbor's yard and called them back to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.07417
Retrieved Text: Rice Lake WI, May 21 – Travis Anderson held off a snarling field of Midwest Modified racers through multiple restarts to record his first feature win of the season Saturday night at the Rice Lake Speedway. Other winners Saturday, all of them repeating victories from earlier this season were Hunter VanGilder, George Richards, Curt Myers and Kevin Adams.
Austin Ellis got a fantastic start in the Midwest Modified feature as he found an opening on the low side of the track and came from the third row to battle for the lead down the back chute on the opening lap. Ellis and Scott Meeds raced hard for the lead before Ellis took over the top spot. Several cars were quickly cutting through the field to challenge including Anderson from the third row along with Joe Chaplin Jr. and Shane Halopka from row five.
A couple of quick back to back yellows for spins slowed the field and this allowed Anderson to get right on Ellis' tail. Travis got past the leader once, only to see the yellow come back out but on the next attempt, Anderson once again made the move and took over the top spot.
He was not home free however, as soon Chaplin Jr moved to the top side of the track, took over second and then nearly drove past into the lead before yet another yellow slowed the action. The restarts saw the running order get shuffled often as drivers made moves that sometimes worked and other times saw them fall back. Ellis had dropped

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.015385
Retrieved Text: This collection has no steam or country but lots of cars... Decided to take a trip to Goodwood Race Track near Chichester in West Sussex as they were holding one of their breakfast club days, this month's theme was Soft Top Sunday so we decided to take along our own Mercedes CLK and borrowed my husband's father's Austin Healey.
The event was open to any soft top vehicle of any age so there were plenty of modern cars from MX5s to an array of Ferraris but it was the older cars that caught my eye.
My husband drove the red and cream Austin Healey seen here and I drove the black Mercedes CLK.
There were quite a few Healeys there but mine was the only CLK!!!
When we arrived we thought we would be park on the outside of the race track but they parked you round the edge of the track and it was very busy.
What can I say apart from "what a beautiful machine"
A mixture of cars as you can see, Alfa Romeo, Triumph, Ferrari, Mazda, Jaguar and AC Cobra all in this one picture.
This Alfa Romeo was my husband's favourite of the day. He is an Italian car man at heart, we have a few Alfas and Lancias.
Looking down towards Brooklands corner.
Jack and Harry in Grandads Healey. Look out Grandad only a few years and they'll be taking it out!!!!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.85248
Retrieved Text: ‘How long had Rose been a member of your group?’ Jane asked Elisa as they drove towards Chittleham Farm.
‘Tell me more about PAW,’ Jane said.
‘Well…’ Elisa began, a little hesitantly.
Jane looked quickly from the road to Elisa with some surprise. The soft voice had suddenly filled with the passion felt by someone for whom the end completely justified the means.
‘You mean that you break in?’ Jane asked.
Jane wondered how Elisa had learnt her skills in this kind of work.
At Chittleham Farm, there was no sign of the sheepdog. Jane decided Mervin must be out in the fields somewhere.
They passed the small wooden building in which Mervin had said there were orphan lambs. ‘Let’s have a quick look in here while we’re passing,’ Jane said, opening the door. ‘Um… I think this might be what Rose was after,’ she declared.
Elisa looked over Jane’s shoulder and drew her breath in sharply. ‘Oh my goodness,’ she said pushing past Jane. The five or six sheep inside did not move or raise their heads as she approached them. They were lying on the floor, still breathing but almost lifeless. The air was thick with an evil mix of smells: chemicals and diseased flesh.
‘These are seriously sick animals. I don’t know what’s wrong with them but they shouldn’t be here. They could have a disease which should be reported to the authorities…’ Elisa’s voice died away as she suddenly glanced at a point behind Jane.
Jane turned and found herself looking into the barrel of a shotgun. It was aimed directly at

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.817192
Retrieved Text: Margaret Call was pushing a cart away from WinCo Foods, 905 N.E. 136th Ave., and toward her car at about 2:40 p.m. Tuesday when Thies allegedly came from behind her and grabbed the purse from the cart's basket. She watched as he ran to the other side of the parking lot where Lederbrand had been eating a sandwich and allegedly serving as a lookout, according to a police report. The two hopped on bikes and pedaled off.
Unbeknownst to them, Vancouver Police Sgt. Keith Hyde was around the corner, and spotted the 21-year-olds pedaling near Leroy Haagen Park even before Call reported the crime.
According to Hyde's police report, he saw Thies and couldn't help but notice the purse "swinging back and forth under the handlebars as he rode."
Furthermore, when Thies saw him, he "immediately took the purse from his left hand and put it in his right hand away from me," according to the report. "He then sat upright on the bike," placing the purse "behind his back, as if he was trying to conceal it from me.
"It was very odd to me that two guys, riding bikes and carrying backpacks, would also be carrying a brand-new-looking red ladies' purse."
The oddity of what he saw and knowledge of "several purse snatches from the (WinCo) parking lot lately" led Hyde to make a U-turn and seek to have a conversation with Thies and Lederbrand.
Hyde hit his lights to signal he wanted Thies and Lederbrand to stop. "Neither of them did so," he wrote.
He sped up, pulled ahead of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.758625
Retrieved Text: Some disturbing news out of Seattle... Late last week, the founders of King Donuts, a popular donut shop, restaurant and laundromat in Rainier Beach, were brutally beaten and robbed outside the store. Loved ones have set up an online fundraiser to help cover the victims' extensive medical costs.
61-year-old Chea Pol was closing up the shop and getting into her car on Friday night when a man ran up, grabbed her purse, and punched her repeatedly in the face. When her husband, Heng Hay, ran over to intervene, the suspect punched him in the face and threw him to the ground, before running off with the purse.
Chea Pol was apparently beaten so hard, her teeth were punched back toward her throat.
Their daughter Davie Hay, who now owns the restaurant with her sister, Channa Hay, said her parents had just locked up at 7:15 p.m. Friday when a man ran up to her mother, Chea Pol, as she was getting into their car. He grabbed her purse and started punching her in the face, the daughter said.
Chea Pol's husband, Heng Hay, ran over to help, but was punched and thrown onto the sidewalk, Davie Hay said. The robber then continued to punch Pol, 61.
"He punched her 10 to 15 times ... so hard her teeth were punched back toward her throat," she said.
Davie Hay said her mom was taken first to Highline Medical Center, then to Harborview Medical Center, with a dislocated jaw.
"I couldn't look at my mom laying up in the hospital like that," she said. "I

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.723476
Retrieved Text: Three stoppage time goals slumped into Liverpool's favor in a match which saw Brendan Rodgers' men leap ahead three times, the third one ensuring they walked away with the maximum points at Loftus Road.
Playing in front of their loud, passionate fans, QPR made a positive start to the game, as they pushed forward and slammed Liverpool on the back foot early on.
One glorious opportunity fell for Redknapp's men. Charlie Austin scorched onto loose ball outside the area, and took a big stride into the box, maybe more than he wanted to, which allowed Mignolet to charge off his line and put the English striker under pressure. Austin attempted to poke it home, but Rodgers' top choice goalkeeper ensured QPR's quick start didn't result in a goal.
Mignolet got his boot in the way, sending Austin diagonal where he slipped a tight angle shot into the side netting and out for a goal kick.
Henderson latched onto a long, looping ball at the expense of Richard Dunne, but the rising talent's strike was carefully grasped by substitute keeper McCarthy. Liverpool's holding midfielder was only to learn the offside flag was up though.
The Reds portrayed some shambolic defending on their own goal line. Skrtel and Lovren were involved in a huge tangle, along with Johnson who seemingly failed to clear the ball. Austin thumped the ball which came tantalizingly close. He smashed the crossbar, ensuring the match stayed 0-0.
Poor defending, and finishing from both teams.
Liverpool were glad to hear the half time whistle, they had been purely embarrassed by QPR.
After

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.654156
Retrieved Text: It was a rainy morning for Spurs' (PL2 team) first home game of the season which was a London derby against West Ham. Spurs lost their opening game at Sunderland 2-1 while the "Hammers" held last season's champions to a goal-less draw. Both sides had many of last season's U-18 players who played in a game that Spurs won 2-1. West Ham were promoted from Division 2 so the teams did not meet last season at this level.
Spurs lined up with Austin in goal behind Tanganga and Brown with Eyoma at right back and Bennetts on the left. Skipp anchored the midfield with Pritchard and Duncan ahead of him flanked by Edwards on the right and Miller on the left in support of Tracey up front. Dinzeyi, who played for the Academy on Saturday, was on the bench. West Ham included Samuelsen and Martinez who both had successful loan spells last season at Peterborough and Oxford United respectfully before helping the"Hammers"' PL2 side to promotion.
Spurs defended the North end in the first half which saw both sides looking to play the ball about and a midfield battle developed. Martinez had an early chance blocked while Pritchard fired wide. Edwards played in Tracey for a run on goal with Akinola making a saving tackle as Tracey was about to pull the trigger. Martinez drew a save, winning a corner. Edwards won a corner from which Skipp drove wide when Bennetts pulled the ball back.
Spurs took the lead with a well worked goal that began with a long

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.64396
Retrieved Text: JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - Three women were shaken up after they said they witnessed a purse snatching Monday afternoon outside the Village Bread Cafe on Philips Highway and called police.
According to a Jacksonville Sheriff's Office report, a woman said she had just left the restaurant and was walking in a parking lot to her vehicle about 3:30 p.m. when a man came up from behind her, knocked her to the ground and stole her purse. Three women who said they were across the street and witnessed the purse snatching began to follow the man and called 911, but that led to other problems.
"We went into the little parking lot and asked how the lady was doing and at that time we saw the ambulance and the firetrucks," witness Pernetha Blake recounted.
The police report shows a witness told officers that the man got into the passenger seat of a car at a store nearby. The three women who witnessed the purse snatching said that, despite calling police, their car ended up being wrongfully accused of being the getaway car. The women claimed police pulled them over, drew guns and put them in handcuffs.
"It made me cry. I was so shaken, nervous," Pernetha Blake said.
Witness Shambria Blake said, "One officer even asked me, 'Do you know the suspect?' And I’m, like, 'No. I was calling trying to help someone.'"
The misunderstanding was cleared up and the women were allowed to leave. They said they hope police can find the right suspects involved in the purse snatching.
According to the police report,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.49802
Retrieved Text: When Austin and Brian Chu set out to drive through all 50 states and make a recessionary road film, they totaled their mother's red Suburban before they'd even crossed the California line.
Lucky break, that. It downscaled them into a middlebrow Toyota Minivan, which is a more sympathetic approach if you're going around asking ordinary and oddball Americans about their finances. The brothers yanked out the backseat so they could sleep side-by-side and then they were unstoppable, covering 30,000 miles in a route that looks like shark's teeth.
About 300 or 400 hours of video have been boiled down to "The Recess Ends," a 68-minute documentary which they will premiere Wednesday at the Victoria Theatre in the Mission District. In keeping with the hard-times theme, admission is free, though in keeping with the theme of their adventure they'll rely on the kindness of strangers.
The film "isn't about people losing their job, losing their home, even though those are the physical aspects of recession," says Austin, who is the older brother and does most of the talking. "It's about love and compassion for one another. That ultimately is the solution for all the stuff that is going on."
Like many creative impulses in this economy, this one started with a layoff. Austin, 26, lost his job at an Internet startup in December. He was in a Newport Beach coffeehouse, fueled up, when he turned to a friend and blurted out "I want to drive through 50 states. I don't know why." He thought about it and then he did know

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.436974
Retrieved Text: – At home in September, Marlow Road and at Eastgate Mall on Feb 22nd.
The first earthquake was a real rattle, Sep 4th, the bed was shaking so hard I find it difficult to get out, I just couldn’t stand the lack of light, ran over to the windows, myriads of cars were going past, I learned later they were trying to flee any Tsunami that was about to hit.
Looking up at the stars was amazing, they were brighter than any I’ve remembered and the atmosphere was strange. When it stopped I tried to ring my daughter and son, but couldn’t get through, the radio was my saving grace, when they said there had been no casualties I settled down and waited for morning. The worst thing about this quake was the lack of power, no water, it’s not the quake, it’s the aftermath.
Feb 21st, I took my two-year-old grand daughter to Starbucks’ at Cashel Mall, we were transported there by bus, right up Colombo St.
Feb 22nd. I was having a cup of tea at Eastgate Mall, and reading about the September earthquake in a ‘That’s Life’ magazine, when there was an enormous cracking sound, I immediately knew what it was, looked up to the glass ceiling only to see the roof going corkscrewing. “I’m dead.” I thought, then threw myself under the table, as did everyone else, I’ll never forget the terrified expressions of three businessmen who were grasping each other like elephants’ holding tails. I was surprised, you don’t see that many men dressed in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.403862
Retrieved Text: Well I ran Town Lake this weekend and at the end my nice new iPod was going crazy. It would skip up and down the menu randomly without me touching it. It was almost like it was a a geiger counter. So again I’ve asked Apple to send me a repair box to send in my sick iPod. This is getting a bit disheartening. I really really like my iPod, but I’m this is getting a bit much.
Well I’ve been alone most of this month yet I’ve found things to keep myself busy and interacting with people. My new job is fun, and challenging. I look forward to going into work each day. This weekend has been particularly busy. I went to dinner with my dear friends Kathy and Ken F. We ate salads and chatted about the many things that have happened to our families in the last few weeks since we saw each other. Also Matthew and Beth arrived on Friday and it was good to see them. I was tired after dinner so when they went out to see a movie at 9:30 PM I excused myself and went to bed early.
Saturday arrived early for me when I ran the 10 mile loop around Town Lake at 7 AM. Arriving home after shopping for a white shirt and jeans, we all went out to lunch at McAlisters for sandwiches. Our major event of the day was the wedding of our friend Karen M’s daughter Lauren at 2 PM. Unfortunately Kathy was unable to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.348537
Retrieved Text: A mouse once found a wishing well.
“Now All of my wishes can come true!” she cried.
She threw a penny into the well and made a wish.
The next day the mouse came back again.
She threw a panny into the well.
“I wish this well would not say ouch,” she said.
“What shall I do?” cried the mouse.
She took the pillow frome her bed.
and she ran back to the well.
The mouse threw the pillow into the well.
Then she threw a panny into the well and made a wish.
“Ah, That feels much better!” said the well.
After that day the mouse made many wishes by the well.
And every one of them came true.
A little mouse went for a walk with his mother.
They went to the top of a hill and looked at the sky.
The little mouse and his mother can saw many pictures in the clouds.
They saw a castle…a rabbit…a mouse.
“I am going to pick flowers,” said Mother.
“I will stay here and watch the clouds,” said the little mouse.
The little mouse saw a big cloud in the sky.
It grew bigger and bigger.
The cloud became a cat.
The cat came nearer and nearer to the little mouse.
“Help!,” shouted the little mouse, and he ran to his mother.
“There is a big cat in the sky!” cried the little mouse.
Mother looked up at the sky.
“Do not be afraid,” she said.
The little mouse saw that this was true, and he felt better.
but he did not look up at the sky for the rest of the afternoon.
Once there was a very tall mouse and a very short mouse

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: Context: Jordan sliced open the dead body to harvest the organs.

Question: How would you describe Jordan?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: doing their job

B: ambivalent

C: killing someone

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.785513
Retrieved Text: JACKSON, Mich. (April 16, 2014) – The father of the man convicted of killing Trooper Paul Butterfield says his son will soon be dead.
The Michigan Department of Corrections says Knysz hung himself in his prison cell while at Charles Egeler Reception & Guidance Center in Jackson Monday.
Sources tell us he used a bed sheet and was pronounced brain-dead shortly after.
Jack Knysz, Eric’s father, says his son is on life support at a Jackson hospital while tests are run for organ donation. He says the doctors hope to harvest 88 different parts of Eric for donation.
Jack says Eric took his life because he “couldn’t live with himself” for killing Butterfield and that he can only hope something good can come of such a horrible tragedy.
He expects his son’s organs to be harvested within the next 24 hours.
Maybe they should do this for all inmates spending life in prison for murder. Instead of using tax dollars to give them free food and board for the rest of their lives, execute them and save other lives with their organs.
If they were executed, their organs wouldn't be viable for harvesting. Death is death, not only to the soul, but to the body. The only reason they are able to harvest his organs is because 1.) he gave his permission in the suicide note he left, and 2.) he is being kept on life support to keep the organs oxygenated until they can be harvested.
The female parent has been useless since a youth. Drunk , drug abuser and child abuser and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.115725
Retrieved Text: A man who suffered an Oklahoma brain injury after an ATV accident was pronounced dead on November 19th but is now recovering at home, The Oklahoman reported.
The man’s family had agreed to harvest his organs and were paying their final respects when the Oklahoma brain injury victim moved his foot and hand.
After 48 days in the hospital, the Oklahoma brain injury victim who had been pronounced dead was released to go home.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.288021
Retrieved Text: An undercover video released yesterday morning shows a national leader of Planned Parenthood admitting that the abortion provider uses the illegal and highly controversial partial birth abortion procedure to sell intact fetal body parts.
The issue is not merely PR – there is also the little matter of federal law. Trafficking in human body parts is a federal felony punishable by up to 10 years in prison and a fine of $500,000.
The method of abortion she describes, on video, also appears to violate federal law.
Dr. Nucatola said she has “a huddle at the beginning of the day” to determine what fetal body parts consumers are requesting, and which patients that day will have babies from which they will be able to harvest them. Then Planned Parenthood abortionists tailor the procedure to assure they do not destroy the organs, maximizing profitability.
“For that reason, most providers will do this case under ultrasound guidance, so they’ll know where they’re putting their forceps,” she said.
In order to procure intact organs, she seemed to describe herself and others performing the illegal partial birth abortion method.
Allow me to piggyback on your Corollary with the proposition that it is an insult to then “gut Germans” to be compared to modern, tolerant catholics who after the five second, hand over open mouth display of shock, continue to postulate that PP does so much more good for women. “Who am I to judge?!” comes to mind.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.232496
Retrieved Text: September 19, 2007 (LifeSiteNews.com) - There has been growing concern over the past several years about increasingly aggressive measures undertaken to harvest human organs from dying patients. Dr. John Shea, a Toronto physician who has specialized in researching the issue, has just completed a report, Organ donation: The inconvenient truth, that sounds an alarm about the unethical or at least highly questionable practices of the organ transplant industry. The article is published in the September issue of Catholic Insight magazine.
The magazine editor states the article is offered to inform the public about "the moral principles and scientific facts pertaining to both the donation and harvesting of human organs for transplantation purposes. Many physicians have serious and well-considered concerns about the morality of human organ transplantation and about the fact that the general public has not been properly informed about what really happens when organs are retrieved."
Dr. Shea reports on the modern and still very unsettled definition of "brain death" used by many organ transplant physicians to justify declaring organ donors dead and therefore fair game for immediate organ harvesting .
Shea points out, "There is no consensus on diagnostic criteria for brain death. They are the subject of intense international debate. Various sets of neurological criteria for the diagnosis of brain death are used. A person could be diagnosed as brain dead if one set is used and not be diagnosed as brain dead if another is used." It depends on what hospital or which doctor is involved in a particular case.
In fact, says Shea, "A diagnosis

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.471663
Retrieved Text: “Brain death” was introduced to the world, in 1968, by a committee at Harvard Medical School. “Responsible medical opinion,” the committee reported, “is ready to adopt new criteria for pronouncing death to have occurred in an individual sustaining irreversible coma as a result of permanent brain damage.” People on ventilators in intensive care units, their brains destroyed by trauma or disease, their hearts still going strong, may have been breathing, taking in nourishment, excreting waste, and healing from infection, but, at least in the opinion of doctors, they were dead—“heart-beating cadavers,” as bioethicists came to call them. Thirteen years later, the President’s Commission for the Study of Ethical Problems in Medicine and Biomedical and Behavioral Research endorsed this opinion, recommending that all states adopt statutes to give doctors the right to pronounce brain-dead people legally deceased. Today, in every state, if your brain, including the brain stem, has been irreversibly and completely destroyed, you are dead.
As I wrote in the magazine, in 2001, death was legally redefined, in large part, to facilitate organ donation, a practice that, because of advances in immunosuppression and surgical technique, was increasingly effective, and, therefore, frequent. People in need of organs were, in the words of Henry Beecher, the Harvard committee member credited with writing the report, “stacked up waiting for suitable donors.” As Beecher knew, patients on life support—a population that was growing, thanks to the increased efficacy of intensive-care units—were the definition of the suitable donor, because their hearts still beat well enough to perfuse the organs with oxygen,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.34714
Retrieved Text: Have you noticed the difference in people’s posture that’s occurred over the past few years? If you’re a younger trainer—say, in your 20s—you might not have, since you’ve grown up in this technological age. If you’re a more seasoned pro, you may have noticed that even kids’ posture is beginning to look a lot like the posture of someone much older—with rounded shoulders and upper back, and the chin jutted forward.
There are even terms coined for this body position—tech neck or text neck.
She also points out that for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. For example, when the upper-back muscles are excessively rounded forward, the effect on the chest muscles is a shortening and tightening.
Though normally not a concern for health and exercise pros, poor posture also affects the internal organs and their function. “Compression on the abdominal organs adds to general dysfunction of these vital organs and their ability to function efficiently,” adds Sutherland.
What Does Proper Posture Look Like…and How Do You Get It?
Proper posture shouldn’t look like you’re in military formation (Chest up! Shoulders back!). Essentially, when standing, think "ears over shoulders, shoulders over hips, hips over knees, and knees over ankles." Naturally, you stop at the hips for sitting posture.
Because we spend so much time sitting, the hip flexors shorten, as do the pectoral muscles due to hunching over, making them tight and hypertonic, explains Jonathan Jordan, owner of Jonathan Jordan Fitness in San Francisco, Calif. This posture lengthens and weakens the muscles in the back, as well as the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.338358
Retrieved Text: Where do I take my pet if I want to donate his/her organs? Currently, there are two locations in Kansas City that accept your pet’s organs; State Line Animal Hospital and Wayside Waifs. They are available to meet with you to schedule the procedure, answer any questions you may have and harvest your pet’s organs.
How will my pet’s organs be used? Likarda uses donated pancreata to provide a better way to manage diabetes in dogs and cats. You may take comfort in knowing your pet will leave a lasting legacy by contributing to the future of renewed health for other dogs and cats.
What organs are harvested? Any viable organs that are needed for further research will be harvested from your pet. Take comfort knowing your pet’s organs will benefit scientific research and providing renewed health for other dogs and cats.
I trust my vet. Can he/she harvest the organs? At this time, there are only two locations in Kansas City that handle the harvesting of your pet’s organs: State Line Animal Hospital and Wayside Waifs. They are available to meet with you to answer any questions you might have, schedule the procedure and harvest your pet’s organs. If your vet is interested in learning more or participating in the organ network, please have them contact Likarda.
Will my pet be in any pain? No. Your pet will have passed away before any organs are harvested. If your pet is euthanized, you can take comfort in knowing the process is completely pain free for your pet – similar to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.155514
Retrieved Text: The Dead Sea Ultra Marathon is a race around the lowest point and saltiest body of water on earth. Over the past two decades, the race started in Amman and ended on the shores of the Dead Sea providing runners a panoramic view of the Jordan Rift Valley. In 2016, Run Jordan opted to alter the race route and organize the Ultramarathon race ‘around’ the Dead Sea starting near the historical Baptism Site next to the Jordan River and ending near the hotel waterfront area. As with the other Marathon Events organized by Run Jordan, the Dead Sea Ultramarathon includes a shorter 10 km race for runners specializing in shorter distances. This event is particularly challenging given the long distance (50 km) and somewhat high temperatures at 423 meters below sea-level.In 2017, LG became the title sponsor for the Dead Sea Ultramarathon for a period of five years.
CopyRight © Run Jordan. All right reserved.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.138292
Retrieved Text: Seven different organs of a 21-year-old brain dead girl have been harvested by the doctors at Kovai Medical Center and Hospital (KMCH) on Sunday morning. The multi organs transplanted from her body includes her eyes, two heart valves, two kidneys and liver; these will be donated to patients who are in dire need of these organs.
The 21 year old Saranya was a BE in Electronics and Communications Engineering. She had just completed her graduation and was about to join a leading IT firm in Mysore soon. On June 29 this year she became the victim of a severe car accident when she was traveling with her friends. Four of Saranya’s friends died on the spot while she was admitted to a private hospital in Erode. Later she was brought to Coimbatore in a comatose state on Sunday. Early this morning, the doctors at the KMCK declared her brain to be dead.
As Saranya died because of a brain death, all her body organs were found to be working properly even after that. Thus the members of her family decided to donate her different organs to the needy people so that they can get back a new life. Dr. V Kumaran, the Dean of KMCH said, “The organs of a brain-dead girl (Saranya) were on Sunday harvested and these would benefit seven patients across Tamil Nadu. Two eyes, two heart valves, kidneys and her liver were harvested. The eyes were donated to the Coimbatore-based Aravind Eye Hospital and other organs were sent to Apollo hospital Chennai ”.
“We lost

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.068913
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Jordan, a fascinating gem in the Middle East that beckons with profound experiences from exploring the rose-colored city of Petra to floating in the Dead Sea to flying through the Wadi Rum desert in an open air, 4 x 4 vehicle.
From bustling cities to the quiet of Bedouin desert camp to luxury resorts, Jordan will simply surprise you with breathtaking moments and feelings of wonder.
Historic ruins, welcoming hospitality and unsurpassed luxury make Jordan an extraordinary destination.
This UNESCO World Heritage Site and one of the new “Seven Wonders of the World” was once a bustling site in the crossroads of trade, built by the ancient Nabataeans.
For thousands of years, Petra remained an ancient city, unknown to the modern world. Discovered by Swiss explorer Johann Ludwig Burckhardt in 1812, visitors have come from around the globe to explore its intriguing architecture.
Continue on your walk and palaces, tombs and waterway systems come into view, one more exquisite than the next. Along the way, there are artisans selling spices, jewelry and meticulously- crafted sand art bottles.
The truly ambitious can climb up (or take a donkey) the 800 steps to the magnificent Monastery. Don’t miss Petra at Night where the site takes on a mysterious glow by candlelight.
For thousands of years, the wandering Bedouins have maintained their nomadic existence, living off the land in simple tents.
Visitors can share this experience by sleeping in one of their camps like the Rahayeb Desert Camp in the Wadi Desert. Choose from tents or cabins, enjoy a traditional zarb (barbecue) dinner cooked in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.01411
Retrieved Text: 6Then Joshua turned to the priests and said, “Take the chest and cross the River Jordan ahead of us.” So the priests picked up the chest by its carrying poles and went on ahead.
Come here and listen to what the LORD our God said he will do! 10The Canaanites, the Hittites, the Hivites, the Perizzites, the Girgashites, the Amorites, and the Jebusites control the land on the other side of the river. But the living God will be with you and will force them out of the land when you attack. And now, God is going to prove that he's powerful enough to force them out. 11-13Just watch the sacred chest that belongs to the LORD, the ruler of the whole earth. As soon as the priests carrying the chest step into the Jordan, the water will stop flowing and pile up as if someone had built a dam across the river.
14The Israelites packed up and left camp. The priests carrying the chest walked in front, 15until they came to the River Jordan. The water in the river had risen over its banks, as it often does in springtime.3.15 springtime: Or “harvest time”; the grain harvest was in late spring. But as soon as the feet of the priests touched the water, 16-17the river stopped flowing, and the water started piling up at the town of Adam near Zarethan. No water flowed towards the Dead Sea, and the priests stood in the middle of the dry river bed near Jericho while everyone else crossed over.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.808428
Retrieved Text: In medical terms, this is not true. There are strict medical and legal requirements that must be met before an organ can be donated. There are two types of organ donation that can occur. The first is “living” donation where an adult can choose to donate an organ (e.g. a kidney) or part of an organ (e.g. a lobe of a liver) to someone else. A common example is a parent who donates to an ill child. The other type is “deceased” donation, where organs are donated from someone who has been declared “brain-dead” by two doctors (when a person is brain-dead, they have an irreversible loss of brain function and this means there is no hope of recovery).
After a person has been declared brain-dead, the first and most important step for donation is consent from the next of kin. Even if a person has signed up to be an organ donor, organs can only be donated if the next of kin give their consent. There are no exceptions to this rule; for example, if someone has a fatal accident with no personal identification at the time of their admission to hospital, their organs cannot be donated. In deceased organ donation, these laws and systems ensure that organs are only ever removed from people who are already dead, so no donor is killed in the process.
In medical organ transplant, this is simply not true. When a person donates an organ (liver, kidney, pancreas, heart, lungs) it is very important that the organs remain healthy. To ensure

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.691721
Retrieved Text: Most people probably don’t need a recipe for grilled burgers, but I had to share this bacon burger from Autumn’s Harvest Farm. Paired with our lettuce, tomato, and onion it was the perfect lunch on a hot day. The bacon burgers are beef and bacon ground together. You can purchase backon burgers at Autumn’s Harvest Farm Store, their stand at the Ithaca Farmers’ Market, The Piggery in Ithaca, The Trumansburg Farmers’ Market, and many restaurants use their pasture raised meats. This is such an easy meal, the burgers don’t even need to be seasoned, but I did add some freshly ground pepper. I sliced up an onion to add to the grill.
The fat from the bacon really flares up on the grill. These patties are thin so grilling them on high heat with the lid open a few minutes per side should do the trick. The onions might take a little longer. Serve with our fresh lettuce and thick sliced tomatoes. Add your favorite condiments and cheese if you like!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.447435
Retrieved Text: This wretched, sleazy and thoroughly grubby little film marked the debut (and, indeed, only) feature film appearance by Tiny Tim, a curious ukulele player/singer (possessed of an extraordinary if not especially aesthetically pleasing falsetto/vibrato vocal style which delivered him a chart hit with ‘Tiptoe Through the Tulips’ in 1968) who enjoyed a brief period of freak show popularity in the late 1960s and into the 1970s. His career was well into its inevitable decline by the time Bill Lehane approached him in 1986 and offered him a leading role in his upcoming micro-budget horror film. Blood Harvest surfaced in 1987 on the back of the craze for vile and often misogynistic slasher movies and it remains an ugly, clumsy, voyeuristic example of a genre which often struggled for critical acclaim and appreciation.
The IMDb entry for this mess of a movie describes Blood Harvest with a perfunctory “In a small town, people are being murdered by having their throats cut” which probably tells you all you need to know – possibly more - about this shoddy train-wreck. In broader terms, Jill (Salcheck, appalling) returns to her rural homestead to find that the house is defaced with graffiti and her parents are missing, her bank supervisor father having invoked the ire of the local farming community whose properties he’s foreclosed upon. Jill’s not exactly made to feel welcome and her only admirer appears to be “Marvellous Mervo” (Tiny Tim), the local simpleton who spends his time wearing a shabby clown outfit and who has a habit of appearing

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.127913
Retrieved Text: The Basics A CT Scan (computerized tomography) or CAT (computed axial tomography) is a noninvasive, painless procedure that uses X-Rays in combination with computer technology to produce high-resolution images of the inside of the body. The images produced display the body’s bones, blood vessels and soft tissue organs, in much greater detail than standard X-Rays. This allows doctors to visually, assess the severity of an injury or illness. CT Scanners use an X-Ray technique that creates cross-sectional images, often called slices (think of a sliced loaf of bread). All of our Family Emergency Room locations have state-of-the-art, 64-slice CT scanners.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.102812
Retrieved Text: I found this on the Vatican website.
"Why the Concept of Brain Death is Valid as a Definition of Death"
Excepts: "The brain is dead and the functioning of the other organs is maintained directly and indirectly by artificial means. This state results solely and specifically from the use of modern medical techniques and, with only rare exceptions, it can only be maintained for a limited time. Technology can preserve the organs of a dead person (one appropriately pronounced dead by neurological criteria) for a period of time, usually only hours to days, rarely longer. Nevertheless, that individual is dead."
"Death is the End of a Process" "It ends with brain death and thus the death of the individual."
"St Augustine himself, who certainly did not identify the brain with the mind or the soul, was able to say that when ‘the brain by which the body is governed fails’, the soul separates from the body: ‘Thus, when the functions of the brain which are, so to speak, at the service of the soul, cease completely because of some defect or perturbation – since the messengers of the sensations and the agents of movement no longer act –, it is as if the soul was no longer present and was not [in the body], and it has gone away’ (De Gen. ad lit., L. VII, chap. 19; PL 34, 365)."
Shouldn't we be able to rely on this?
Vatican Academy members do not speak as the magisterium of the Church, and regardless of what they may have said, the magisterium has said

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.050446
Retrieved Text: ’Nalag̱a’s plant medicine healing salves and bath salts are all harvested ethically with prayer and positive intentions. Permission to harvest these medicines was given from elders from each territory the medicines were harvested from. Respect is shown to each plant by talking to them, and letting them know what is going to happen with the plant.
Our skin is one of the largest organs in the body to receive the health benefits of these plants. These are medicines for your body, but also for your spirt. The salves have wonderful health benefits, and can also be used anywhere for an everyday moisturizer and aromatherapy.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.99486
Retrieved Text: It drew my eye because of the link to some of the activitiy in my medical technothriller, A REMEDY FOR DEATH: Playing God with Body, Soul, and Bio-tech.
The article also picks up on a new book by Janet Radcliffe Richards (the Oxford Professor of Practical Philophy!), entitled THE ETHICS OF TRANSPLANTS: WHY CARELESS THOUGHT COSTS LIVES.
The overall points raised revolve around when is it legally/ethically acceptable to "declare death," in order to remove organs for transplantation to someone who needs them? Yes, those organs can save lives, but what if--what if--the donor isn't quite finished living?
Which brings us to another article, "Organs taken from patients that doctors were pressured to declare brain dead: suit "
That appeared first in the New York Post, September 26, 2012, and was picked up quickly in several other spots. The lawsuit cites four examples of allegely improper organ harvesting. In one of them, a drug overdose victiim's body was about to be "harvested" when one of the attending nurses noticed that she "was being given 'a paralyzing anesthetic' because her body was still jerking."
In another case, cited in the suit, a 19-year old auto accident victim was allegedly "still trying to breathe and showed signs of brain activity, the suit charged. But doctors declared hm brain dead under pressure from donor-network officials. . . "
Hmm, better stay safe till the doctors and lawyers and judges (and no doubt legislators will chime in, as well) get it all worked out.
Or will the issue ever be settled?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.96103
Retrieved Text: Join us in Ft. Lauderdale | Thermae Retreat’s Hydrotherapy Tub offers s a 20-30 minute relaxing and invigorating soak or session with jets kneading your muscles and organs. The healing properties of hydrotherapy are based on its mechanical and thermal effects. It makes use of the body’s reaction to application of heat, to the pressure exerted by the water, and to the sensation of the water itself. Nerves carry what is felt by the skin deeper into the body, where it is then vital in stimulating the immune system, influencing the production of stress hormones, improving circulation and digestion, encouraging the flow of blood, and lessening the body’s sensitivity to pain.
Dead Sea Salt Soak A wonderful way to release stress and relax tight muscles. Aromatherapy from essential oils are diffused into the air and ease the mind and salts from the dead sea give off minerals that are absorbed through the skin. The movement from the 42 jets is amazing to improve the circulatory and the digestive systems. Completely relaxing with scents and water massaging the body and organs.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.850473
Retrieved Text: Who loves a beautiful Spa and superb treatments using both traditional and modern techniques? Me! I am sure you do too. Zara Spa Tala Bay Aqaba is truly beautiful and uses mainly natural and local ingredients reflecting the culture and natural environment of Jordan.
Zara Spa Tala Bay is situated in the grounds of Movenpick Tala Bay Resort. This is a beautiful hotel, about 10 minutes drive from the town of Aqaba is set amongst the most beautiful gardens and looking out over the Red Sea.
I spent a blissful afternoon enjoying Zara Spa. The spa covers an area of 1,200 SqM that includes 11 different types of treatment rooms, a sauna, a steam room, and a hydro pool with skylight. Zara Spa Tala Bay also includes Spa shop, a beauty salon, and a nail studio catering to the needs of its guests. Zara Spa at Mövenpick Resort & Spa Tala Bay Aqaba is open to hotel guests as well as to the general public.
Choose from face and body treatments ranging from anti ageing facials using Dead Sea Mud to Marine wraps to detoxify the body. I was lucky enough to try a Dry Flotation Body Wrap using Dead Sea Mud. The Spa use a state of the art Dry Flotation bed which mimics the soothing motion of the Dead Sea.
The therapist slathered me in Dead Sea Mud wrapped me up and switched on the soothing Dry Flotation bed. 60 minutes later, I emerged detoxified with baby soft skin and super relaxed in mind and body. I actually

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.849134
Retrieved Text: - Body denotes the entire physical structure, considered as a whole, of man or animal; form looks upon it as a thing of shape and outline, perhaps of beauty; frame regards it as supported by its bony framework; system views it as an assemblage of many related and harmonious organs. Body, form, frame, and system may be either dead or living; clay and dust are sometimes so used in religious or poetic style, tho ordinarily these words are used only of the dead. Corpse and remains are used only of the dead. Corpse is the plain technical word for a dead body still retaining its unity; remains may be used after any lapse of time; the latter is also the more refined and less ghastly term; as, friends are invited to view the remains. Carcass applies only to the body of an animal, or of a human being regarded with contempt and loathing. Compare COMPANY.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.809437
Retrieved Text: ​​​​​​​How does a person become an organ or tissue donor?
While it is possible to provide a living donation, most often a person is considered an organ or tissue donor if he or she has been declared dead. In order to become an organ donor, the individual must die in a specific way which involves having been maintained on a​ ventilator in the intensive care unit. Tissue donation can generally proceed under more general circumstances of death.
What do I need to do to become an organ or tissue donor?
if you are over 18, you can access the online Alberta Organ and Tissue Donation Registry to record your choices about organ and/or tissue donation, or visit a Registry Agent office to register, or sign the back of your Alberta Personal Health Card.
If you change your mind, follow the same steps you took to register online. You update your donation choices in the Alberta Organ and Tissue Donation Registry (AOTDR) and mail or fax a copy of your new signed, dated and witnessed donation consent form to Alberta Health. When it’s received, it will be attached to your record as evidence of your choice when the time comes. It’s important to talk with your family about the change in your donation choices.
If you’re thinking about withdrawing because you have questions about being an organ or tissue donor, call Health Link ​or talk to your doctor.
Are there ever reasons that people can’t be organ or tissue donors?
People can be organ donors at any age. Tests are always conducted to ensure

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.604494
Retrieved Text: There are then several chapters dedicated to the anesthetic management of specific neurosurgical procedures and patient populations. The most practical clinical pearls on what to do and how and when to do it are presented in concise outline format, with hundreds of tables, graphs, and algorithms that summarize and prioritize crucial points. Others, such as those dedicated to interventional neuroradiology, intraoperative magnetic resonance imaging, epilepsy surgery, and awake craniotomy, reflect recent trends in neurosurgery that have evolved tremendously since the previous edition; this section also contains excellent chapters on pediatric neuroanesthesia and neurosurgery in pregnant patients. Although perhaps providing more detail than required by junior residents, it can be wholeheartedly recommended to senior residents looking to take their knowledge of neuroanesthesia up a level without engaging an enormous textbook. Overall, the use of figures and tables is very good, with all the core material presented in a concise and readily understandable form.
Handbook of Neuroanesthesia, 4th Edition.
Description Thoroughly updated for its Fourth Edition, this handbook is a complete, convenient, and practical guide to perioperative management of neurosurgical patients. Ensure your patients receive the best care possible with excellent coverage of all monitoring techniques including transesophageal echocardiography. To get started with Anesthesiology, we'll need to send you an email. This book should be regarded as an essential purchase at the beginning of the year for anybody undertaking a neuroanesthesia fellowship, and should be carried at all times. Spinal Cord: Injury and Procedures 17.
Decide which equipment is best suited for anesthesia delivery both inside and outside the hospital. New

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.56526
Retrieved Text: A mummy is a dead body embalmed or otherwise preserved to protect it from decomposition.
Dead bodies start smelling pretty fast. Back in ancient days, burial rituals and celebrations, and their preparations, could take quite some time. Hence people mummified.
People also mummified for spiritual reasons because they believed in an afterlife and wanted the body to get there unspoiled and intact.
This wooden sarcophagus is engraved with hieroglyphs and decorated with inscriptions of birds' feathers. It is still bearing its original coloring and writings.
It was found completely with its 3,600-year-old mummy, apparently belonging to a high official. Unearthed in the ancient city of Luxor, southern Egypt, the sarcophagus dates back to 1600 BC, when the 17th Dynasty reigned.
There are different recipes to mummify artificially. But regardless which method you prefer, to begin with, you always want to take out the organs so they won't rot inside. Why is that?
The body may still look fresh right after death, but the second someone dies the bacteria that were formerly digesting food now start eating the organs themselves. So, always remove the organs before you mummify away. The pros pull the brains out through the nose, then on to the abdomen.
The removed organs go into jars. The abdomen gets filled up with whatever is handy and fits the cavity, and then it is sewn up.
Now you can go about embalming for which you have at hand preferably resin. You also need linen bandages to wrap the whole thing up. Spices et cetera are optional.
The Egyptians covered the bodies for several weeks

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.46599
Retrieved Text: India is facing an acute shortage of organ donors due to prevalence of myths and superstitions, and the country should bring in changes to organ donation laws to alleviate the situation, an health expert said here Wednesday.
The “donor scene” in India is “dismal”, said the expert, Aarti Vij of AIIMS, despite amendments to the 1994 Transplantation of Human Organs Act (ThOA) were made after a thriving kidney donation racket in northern India was unearthed.
“In India 200,000 people need a new kidney every year and 100,000 need a new liver, but only 2 to 3 percent of the demand for new organs is met,” said Vij, head of the Organ Retrival Banking Organisation (ORBO) at All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS).
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), only about 0.01 percent in India donate their organs after death, while in Western countries around 70-80 percent of people pledge their organs.
Vij said the situation globally is much better than in India.
“The scenario in Western countries is better as after the death of the individuals the state becomes the custodian of the dead body, who take out the organs so that they can be transplanted to a needy person’s body,” said Vij.
According to the ORBO-AIIMS, over 22,000 people across the country have registered since 2010 to donate their organs after their death.
“India should make changes in the laws of organ donation, as many a time though the individual agrees to donate his organ, the relatives refuse to donate his organs after his death, which is a colossal barrier,”

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.345013
Retrieved Text: Pine Pollen has over 200 bioacitve nutrients and compounds such as vitamins, minerals, amino acids, fatty acids, phytonutrients and much more. This makes pine pollen the perfect food for strengthening the body and achieving peak health. Pine Pollen is one of the ultimate superfoods in the world, which should be a staple in ones daily diet. Spring is the season to harvest pine pollen.
1. Pine Pollen helps to rebuild your immune system, amongst other immediate benefits.
2. Enhances the metabolic function of the skin and nourish the hair at its roots.
3. It adjust the endocrine system in the human body, improves constitution, and raises the immunity power of the organs.
4. Improves the organic stamina for high efficiency and quick pace.
7. Improves metabolism and regulate weight.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.329756
Retrieved Text: The healing waters of the Dead Sea are just the beginning. Here’s why Jordan should be your next wellness getaway.
I float effortlessly on my back in the cerulean water. The warm, honey-coloured morning sun warms my face as I soak in a deep sense of ease and lightness. In Jordan’s buoyant Dead Sea, the water’s high salt content means you don’t swim, you float, and after six days on the new Jordan Trail with tour company Experience Jordan, I’m happy simply bobbing along.
Jordan’s Dead Sea was made famous in antiquity thanks to Cleopatra who credited its healing properties for her age-defying beauty. The country’s restorative experiences don’t stop at its shores, however. From traditional Turkish baths and soothing natural hot springs to light, fresh cuisine, the country promises to carry away every last worry on the desert wind. Read on for a few of the wellness highlights from my visit. Plus, learn how and where you can experience the same benefits here in Canada.
I scoop up mud from the Dead Sea’s shoreline, slathering it over my arms, legs, stomach, and face before staggering up the beach, swamp-monster-style, to dry. As I bask in the sun (the continuous evaporation of salt creates an atmospheric haze that filters out UVB rays) the mineral-rich mud tightens on my skin and I swear I can feel its brightening, clarifying effects at work.
Make like Cleopatra and get your beauty fix at home with a Dead Sea mud mask from My Organic Zone or AHAVA, or try a magnesium-rich float at Float

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.304916
Retrieved Text: First of all, the popular method of killing death row inmates has been by lethal injection. That means deadly poisons are injected into the body which race through the blood stream to all parts of the body. Those precious livers and kidneys are working overtime to try to cleanse the body of all that poison while the prisoner goes into his death throes. Would anyone really want to receive organs laced with poison?
The alternative would be to take the desired organs from the inmates before they are dead. That brings to mind a relatively gory scene of a half-naked body-painted priest standing over the victim, cutting out the heart as he or she lies screaming on a blood-stained altar. Could we stoop so low? Or have we ever risen above the level of the cultures that performed these types of “religious” ceremonies no more than 500 years ago? If we are supposed to be civilized, why are humans still murdering one another for whatever the reason?
Since we do seem to be bent on reviving the death penalty in the United States, there is yet another strong reason why ripping the heart, lungs and other organs out of a just murdered death row inmate is not in the best interest of the potential recipient of those organs. It is called cellular memory.
Patients who have received other people’s hearts or other organs have consistently reported strange new patterns of memory and sometimes even discovered new interests in music, reading or hobbies. Studies have discovered that these personality changes

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.265003
Retrieved Text: Mr. Jordan is checking passengers who are to depart in an airplane for the Hereafter. The routine is interrupted by the arrival of Joe Pendleton, an attractive prizefighter, who refuses to admit he is dead and induces Jordan to look up the “records,” which reveal that Joe is not scheduled to arrive for another 60 years! But, as Joe starts to return to earth to continue his fighting, word reaches Heaven that Max Levene, Joe’s manager, thinking he had been killed, had Joe’s body cremated, and Joe has no body to return to. Jordan promises to find Joe another body and is informed that the wealthy Jonathan Farnsworth is about to be murdered by his wife. So Joe suddenly finds himself in the home of the financier, visible as Joe to the audience but apparently as Farnsworth to Mrs. Farnsworth, and the public. The comedy begins when the pompous “Farnsworth” unaccountably goes into training as a fighter.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.211061
Retrieved Text: cheap jordan sneakers Include a minimum of one weekly compound weightlifting session. Exercises like dead lifts, squats and bench presses require you to use a number of large muscle groups simultaneously. Studies show that this is the most effective way cheap jordans size 9 https://www.retrocheapjordans.com of boosting testosterone, as the stress that compound weights put on cheap mens air jordan shoes your body requires higher levels of testosterone to aid muscle repair than those required during workouts that isolate individual muscle groups cheap jordan sneakers.

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: Context: Ash rode hard and put away his wet clothes to let them dry for a few hours.

Question: What will Ash want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: lazy

B: get his clothes wet before this

C: proud

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.615627
Retrieved Text: This document has been prepared by the International Volcanic Health Hazard Network (IVHHN), Cities and Volcanoes Commission, GNS Science and the United States Geological Survey (USGS) to promote the safety of those who experience volcanic ashfall.
It details procedures to follow if warning of a volcanic ashfall is given, recommends what to do during ashfall, and what methods are most effective for cleaning up volcanic ash after the event.
Why should we clean up the ash?
What precautions should be taken before cleaning up ash?
Dust masks and eye protection (see IVHHN Recommended Masks document at www.ivhhn.org).
Enough drinking water for at least 72 hours - one gallon (3-4 litres) per person per day.
Enough non-perishable food for at least 72 hours for family and pets.
If available, a battery-operated radio and extra batteries.
Lanterns or torches (flashlights) and extra batteries.
If cold, extra wood for a fireplace or stove.
If cold, extra blankets and warm clothing.
Extra stocks of medication for both family and pets.
Cleaning supplies such as a broom, vacuum cleaner with spare bags and filters, and a shovel.
A small amount of money (as sources such as ATMs and banks may not be operating).
Consider that you could be stuck in your vehicle, so store emergency supplies in your vehicle too.
Place damp towels at door thresholds and other draft sources.
Protect sensitive electronics and do not uncover until the environment is totally ash-free.
Disconnect drainpipes/downspouts from gutters to stop drains clogging, but allowing ash and water to empty from gutters onto the ground.
If you use a rainwater collection system for your water supply, disconnect the tank prior to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.968746
Retrieved Text: If an activity, event or deal is done and dusted, it has been completed successfully and none of remains to be done.
An alternative, with exactly the same meaning, is “home and dry” (British) or “home free” (American).
These two idioms mean pretty much the same thing as “safe and sound,” but specifically safe at home. “Dry” refers to being safe from the elements, such as stormy weather, and thus is particularly relevant to the Wet Coast, the rainforest of western North America. Some sources trace these phrases back to the late 19th century.
“Home and dry” reminds me, however, of the expression “rode hard and put away wet,” originating from the south and west United States. The phrase itself comes from horseback riding. When a horse runs, it works up a sweat. Horses that are put away wet with sweat may suffer from muscle stiffness and chills. Before being put back in the stable, it should be allowed to cool down by walking, then rubbed down and its body covered with a blanket.
Which means the horse is home and dry. And my column for today is done and dusted!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.556614
Retrieved Text: An electric dryer is a fast and efficient way to get your clothes dry after washing. But...it can also get very expensive, especially if you have a large family! In good weather, opt to hang out those clothes on a clothesline and let the lovely fresh breezes naturally dry your clothing.
A folding one like this is easy to store, even in tight spaces. You can hang a lot of clothes on this, and after a few hours your clothes will be ready to hang, fold or otherwise put away.
Save your money and let your clothes dry naturally!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.02584
Retrieved Text: These easy little tricks will help keep your home looking and feeling like new!
Don't allow anyone to take their shoes beyond the front door. Shoes track around a lot of dirt, mud and germs which can get trapped in the carpet.
Try using two door mats, one on the outside and one on the inside for double the dirt catching opportunity.
Your bed is the focal point of a bedroom. A made bed makes your room instantly look and feel cleaner, even if there are messes in other places.
Before you go to bed, clear off the clutter on your counters an wipe them down. A wet rag or paper towel will help clean most debris and immediately freshen up your home.
Reduce clutter by using a cute basket to store keys, mail and important papers you will need later.
Who wants to clean up after eating a big meal? Once you are done cooking, clean everything before sitting down for you meal. All you will have let is plates and cutlery!
Clean out the dishwasher before you start cooking. When you finish using a pot or pan, clean it or put it right in the dishwasher.
Prevent hard water buildup and mold by using a squeegee or microfiber cloth to wipe down your shower after every use.
Avoid dust bunny build up by sweeping before heading to bed. A quick sweep with pick up all of the extra dust that falls on your floors and prevent dust from spreading around your house.
Keep you baseboards clean by wiping them with a dryer sheet. The

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.970253
Retrieved Text: Green dry cleaning simply means cleaning garments without the use of Percholoethylene or Perc as it’s simply called. Green cleaning includes wet cleaning, using liquid Carbon dioxide by pressurizing it instead of perc. A specialized machine is used and clothes are put in it and the liquid carbon dissolves all fats, dirt and oils.
Other methods include silicone cleaning or GreenEarth system which is more like the traditional dry cleaning except it uses a chemical called the silicone D5.The other method is wet cleaning, which basically uses water, special soaps and highly specialized machines. Since clothes are apt to getting out of shape, they are put on special tensioning equipment to get them back into shape. There are a few reasons why you should opt for green dry cleaning in Chicago IL 60657.
If you suffer from allergies, then this is the best method for you. If you have respiratory issues, then you need to stay away from those clothes that have residues of perc as it will only aggravate your allergy. Most people do not mind the smell, which some consider sweet smelling, but for those with issues, it could mean digging for your inhaler or a visit to the doctor. Some people have sensitive skin and if you are among those allergic to Perc, then you should opt for green dry cleaning.
Not only is green cleaning the way to go in today’s world, it is also very environmentally friendly. It uses methods that use biodegradable solutions that are safe for the environment. This method is also

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.792027
Retrieved Text: I've seen some of your commissions venusy they're p. good.
Stream starting when folks show up!
I'm gonna wet blanket you all so hard.
You will not, I will not allow it, I have here, an invention. it is called, the clothes dryer. I will put your blankets into the machine, rendering them harmless.
Streaming Tonight! 3 and a halfish hours! Huzzah!!!
I am so judging you for your wet blanket thing!! At least dry them first, this is the cause of all of our troubles in this current generation!!!
Bigdog you didn't get his pun, it was not a big secret because I'm into giants.
I'd talk about what I'm into but everyone already knows.
but it's really easy to imagine his voice, but that doesn't help me.
Topic: Is this the best joke in the space show?
Re: Is this the best joke in the space show?
Wow the flavor really doesn't match the card text there.
He had the keen sense to run away, therefore if you use keen sense, the enchanted creature will have the keen sense to punch your opponent in the nose and let you draw a card.
Also I voted for the D&D party because I imagine that the goblin is their friend and just happened to be rooftop passing by and the art is just a moment in time to makes it look like he's peeping but actually he is just passing by politely.
It was originally "Worry killed the cat" and it seems weird that "worry" morphed into "curiosity" as the cat killer since they're practically opposites.
No stream today, but my

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.779625
Retrieved Text: Well coxy I see things works down your way just like it do up here. One of the contractors up here always says that there is a sensor on a harvester that knows when you got a bit of money and BANG machine down and the money has to go!
You and me both. Can't move ash and at all. Walnut had dropped 30% after that, just when I had the biggest walnut job in the east coast. Sigh.
Sorry to hear about your large job, I have nothing that big but about that spread over 3 tracts.
I suspect its foreshadowing of a pretty big market swing to come. Tread lightly on the credit card.
I think it has a lot to do with the fact the ground is dry and there is so much capacity to cut these days that when it gets dry the mills get slammed instantly. As far as export goes - ie the walnut price - around here everybody is in the game now, white oak and walnut - all going into containers, so again too much supply for the demand going to that specific market, thus a natural correction. I know with walnut log prices where they were I could not buy walnut and saw it then sell the lumber at a profit very often so I stopped buying any, price comes back to reasonable, then I will buy again.
which mill are you selling to?
Man I hear you. Last month has been so dry the big loggers are flooding the mills. I’m lucky

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.23357
Retrieved Text: Refer to the forum, subject, "Track Closure"
Dry. May change over the next couple of days depending on amount of rain.
80mm of rain will do that.... best wait a few days. Or head out to the fire trails of Terrey hills.
Green and really dry, even the creek is bone dry this morning.
Did the extended loop this morning, so can't comment on the fire trail, but the rest of the track is fine. A little dry, loose and dusty in places. Possum and KC are fine as well.
Rode this morning soon after the shower went through. Tacky in a few places but otherwise dry.
Doesn't get much better. Run down to the 19th hole is hero dirt (would usually still be puddles after recent rain), which is a testament to the recent trail work.
With heavy rain overnight the trail is saturated.
If you need your outdoors fix (and who doesn't?) please try Duck Holes and Centre Track at Terry Hills.
Dry, Dusty, Fast... get out there!
All dry except just after Curl Curl Creek.
A few puddles - but riding very good.
Golf course singletrack is mostly dry but Allambie side is wet and the trail going into and also down from 19th Hole is wet and getting chopped up in places.
Still quite muddy, wet, and rutty in sections - will probably take a solid 2-3 days of sun for the mud to dry up.
Website says open. No closed signs up. Go for it.
Rode the outer loop and it was all dry and running well.
Rode this on Sunday 30/4.
Rode it today, council web site

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.058277
Retrieved Text: The month of January was a hard one for consistent riding. We had snow, cold temperatures, and more snow. I rode outdoors 10 times, and spent 5 hours on the indoor bike going nowhere.
The month saw two personal records set for lowest temperatures ridden. On January 8th I rode in 8°F. On January 30th, it was 6° when I rode. I crashed once in January. The road started dry, then progressed to wet, and then suddenly to all ice. I slid on the ice covered road for about 30 feet without tearing any clothing.
For the month, 384 miles.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.879208
Retrieved Text: *Free shipping to U.S. mainland only. Due to the outrageous shipping increases over the past year, we've had to discontinue shipping outside the lower 48. We apologize to our Canadian customers.
New Camo Pattern Now Available!
Dry your Hockey and Ski gear!
Put the Heat Locker™ in the Garage, Barn or the Home. 42cu/ft of space and 1500w of drying power.
If you’re like most hunters and outdoor enthusiasts I know, most of your hunting and winter wardrobe spends the season piled up in the garage, a plastic bag or the back porch. I don’t know many spouses who allow muddy and icy coveralls and such to collect on their freshly cleaned floors and closets. Fewer still allow wet and muddy coats and coveralls in their clothes dryer. What happens is we pile up our hunting and work clothes in the garage where they stay wet and cold until the next morning when we go out and shake them out, put them on and begin our hunt or work day in cold wet hunting/work clothes and wet boots. After 30 years of hunting and working in wet coveralls (and 22 years of pleading for the clothes dryer), I finally decided to do something about it.
The Heat Locker™ is a revolutionary new wardrobe. Unlike other storage units that just let you hang up your garments or bedding, the Heat Locker™ allows you to DRY them!
During the almost two years of development and testing, I knew exactly what guys and gals like us needed and my engineering team really delivered. We started

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.776836
Retrieved Text: TELEGRAPH CREEK IS 65 WEST OF DEASE LAKE B.C. THE DIRT ROAD IS WELL MAINTAINED AND SMOOTH, SMOOTH ALWAYS MEANS VERY SLIPPERY WHEN WET. WET IT WAS. THE FIRST 33 MILES WERE VERY WET, AFTER THE NIGHT RAINS. THE ROAD CONDITIONS IMPROVED THE FURTHER WEST WE RODE BUT REMAINED WET. TELEGRAPH CREEK SETS ON THE STIKINE RIVER, WHICH IS A POPULAR RAFTING AND FISHING DESTINATION. THE TOWN HAS SEEN BETTER DAYS AND WHAT YOU SEE IN THE PHOTOS IS JUST ABOUT IT. WE RODE OUT FOR LUNCH AT THE RIVER SWAN RESTAURANT AND JUST FOR THE FUN OF IT. THE RIDE OUT TOOK 2 HOURS AND I RODE BACK, NON-STOP IN 1 HOUR 28 MINUTES. THE ROAD HAD DRIED CONSIDERABLE IN THOSE 3 HOURS.
WE THEN CONTINUED ON TO WATSON LAKE YUKON, ANOTHER 3 HOURS AND LIGHT RAIN.
THE TEMPERATURES HAVE BEEN COOL BUT NOT COLD.
THIS LIVELY CREW OF HARD RIDING, HARD DRINKING CANADIANS WERE ALL DRINKING A FEW DOZEN PITCHERS OF BEER IN HYDER ALASKA’S FAVORITE WATERING HOLE. THEY ARE ALSO TRAVELING TO INUVIK.
THEY WERE GREAT FUN AND A GOOD BUNCH OF GUYS AND GALS. I HAVE NO DOUBT WE SHALL SHARE A FEW MORE BEERS WITH THEM LATER.
ONE OF MY FAVORITE THINGS ABOUT MOTORCYCLE TRAVEL IS THE VERY NICE PEOPLE YOU MEET ON THE ROAD. MARCEL AND HIS WIFE MARY ANN ARE FROM SASKATCHEWAN CANADA AND WERE ABOARD MY FERRY FROM PORT HARDY. I HAVE NOW RAN INTO THEM TWICE MORE. THEY ARE RIDING THEIR HARLEY’S TO FAIRBANKS, SO OUR PATHS WILL PROBABLY CROSS AGAIN. MARY

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.727215
Retrieved Text: Thoughts from the Hill: Titles????
There is really no name for this post. I'm just rambling about my day. We left here early today and didn't get back til about 3:00pm. It was such a beautiful day, that when we got home, I did a quick load of laundry and got it hung out on the line. I looovvveee hanging things on my clothes line!! Good thing too because our dryer has been broke for a few months now. It is supposed to rain tomorrow so I wanted to take advantage of the sunshine.
Then it was time to bring in my laundry, fold it and put it away. That drawer really needs to get a tidy and quick!! lol :o) I think I will try to tackle my son's drawers too. I need to sort through what he has outgrown and pack away some of his long-sleeved shirts to make room for his summer clothes.
Posted by Lisa at 10:40 p.m.
Hope your plans are getting started and going well! Speaking of work, guess I better get of of here and find my next cleaning project, hubby will be home soon!
May 23, 2008 at 2:08 p.m.
I feel exactly the same way about titles!! I get the feeling sometimes that I'm being redundant with them...but then again, as long as it's been a while, no one will notice, right?
So how do you dry clothes on the line without getting puckers in them where the pins hold them on the line?? I want to start doing this, but can't stand like

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.590527
Retrieved Text: Going through a fire is hard enough. Sorting through the aftermath to see what you can salvage is even harder. If the fire occurred late at night (as most fires do), you probably escaped with just the pajamas on your back and not much else. Sorting through what is left of your home results in uncovering lots of clothes. With any luck, you can rescue some of it. Here is why it does not all have to go to the dump.
Smoke damage to clothing can be removed. After all, it is just smoke. Look for any of your clothes that are not singed by flames and only have the smell of smoke about them. Separate these from the clothes that are clearly singed. The singed clothing cannot be saved as the fires and smoke have already made these unsalvageable.
Dry cleaners can and often do work magic. They can remove water stains and smoke damage from fabrics in ways you never could with your own laundry appliances at home. They will take your entire lot of smoke-damaged only clothing and put them through the dry cleaning process.
This removes all of the smoke and even some ash particles so that your clothes are clean, stink-free, and wearable again. (Because of the chemicals used in the dry cleaning process, and because singed fabrics are weakened threads that cannot be restored, not even the slightly-singed clothing can be saved with dry cleaning.) The smell of the chemical used in the dry cleaning process will remain until your next wash at

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.531334
Retrieved Text: This Sunday is the Third Sunday of Lent. On SundaySchoolUpdates.com we are learning about Jesus through the Mysteries of the Rosary. This week is about “The Carrying of the Cross.” “The Sorrowful Mysteries” of the Rosary are, indeed, sad and difficult to comprehend for young children. My hope is that your children will be prepared for Holy Week, knowing in advance what Jesus faces, and be ready to celebrate on Easter Sunday, full of joy and hope.
Note* Letters and numbers are placed by the USCCB for links and footnotes to help the reader.
This week we learn about “The Carrying of the Cross.” The full reading above is not for young children. Please read them the excerpt below My First Communion Bible.
“Pontius Pilate’s soldiers tied Jesus to a pillar and whipped him. Then they put a scarlet robe over his wounds and pressed a crown of thorns onto his head. ‘Hail, King of the Jews!’ they mocked. Then they continued to beat him with reeds and sticks. When they were tired, the soldiers put Jesus’ own clothes back on him and laid the heavy cross on his back.They made Jesus walk through Jerusalem to Mount Calvary where he was going to be crucified. While they were walking, the soldiers forced a man named Simon of Cyrene to help Jesus carry the cross.
4 O precious cross! O glorious crown!
You will need two pieces of watercolor paper. On the first sheet, invite your child to use purple watercolor mixed with blue, gray or black to paint a solid “Lenten”

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.255867
Retrieved Text: We have been busy looking for the best tips and tricks to simplify and improve your everyday life. Here’s an awesome list of 20 life hacks that will teach you how to quickly dry your clothes, make your shoes waterproof, amplify your phone’s speakers, and much more!
Here’s a great tip for growing roses from cuttings. Before planting, push the bottom ends of the cuttings into small potatoes. Moisture and nutrients in the potatoes will allow the cuttings to develop healthy roots. Learn more here.
If you don’t have a dryer and need to dry your clothes quickly, here’s what you can do. Place your wet clothing on a dry towel. Roll the towel with the garment inside. Pick it up, and twist it as tightly as possible to squeeze out the excess water. After you’ve drained the excess water, hang your garment on a hanger to fully dry.
If you have bad-smelling shoes, place a few dry tea bags inside each shoe to absorb the smell. If your shoes are not just smelly but also wet, fill them with a mixture of rice and baking soda and leave for a few days.
If your new shoes feel too tight, here’s a way to stretch them. Stuff each shoe with wet newspaper as tightly as you can. Let the shoes dry, and then remove the newspaper.
Chips are not just a tasty snack. Fat, oil, and the chemicals in potato (or other) chips make them a perfect fire-starting material.
Here’s a great way to keep track of your daily water intake. Draw

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.21812
Retrieved Text: My little crafty Isaak has so many boxes, paper and stuff on his floor. He keeps telling me, "Mommy I'm making something! Don't make me put it away!" The thing is, is I believe him. Usually I would make him put it all away. We haven't had time for him to energize his crafty ways.
Today I was putting away his clean clothes and stepped barefoot on a few acorns. I think that hurt more than stepping on Legos!
I picked up his beloved acorns and threw them away.
Now I feel guilty about throwing his acorns away. It's so odd how I get emails like this craft right after I got rid of them. Things like that have been happening way too much.
So how do you make these acorn gem caps?
Simple! Color them with colored markers, fill them with Elmer's glue, let them dry and you end up with pretty acorn gems. An easy, yet beautiful craft.
They are so pretty! What a lovely idea!
wow! Those do look so pretty!! Next time!
Ouch!!! I have stepped on acorns before in my barefeet. I can feel it now. Those sharp little ends can really hurt.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.172688
Retrieved Text: Recommended equipment.. use your judgement whether it is necessary to bring.
The cabins have wood heat and no running water. We must bring our own water.
Please bring 1 gallon of water per family. Just take a gallon milk jug, clean it out and bring that. The sinks are functional and the toilets are outside. Cabins do have electricity.
No electronic games are allowed.
____ ADDITIONAL SWEAT PANTS & SWEAT SHIRT (for sleeping only!).
____ FLASHLIGHT, EXTRA BULB & BATTERIES.
____ PEN, PENCIL, SMALL NOTEPAD (No, you can't borrow ours).
*THE SLEEPING BAG DOESN’T HEAT YOU; YOU HEAT IT. So use this rule: "Thickness is warmth." If you’re cold, add some more insulation (blankets, clothes, more newspaper).
*INSULATE UNDERNEATH YOU. The ground is cold and you will lose body heat if you are in contact with the ground. You should have 3 times more (in insulating value) under you than you have on top. Make sure you never come in direct contact with the ground. Stay on a foam pad or closed-cell self-inflating pad. Self-inflating closed-cell pads are best and now available in all camping departments and outdoor stores. You can also use blankets, piles of newspaper, or a piece of carpet to help insulate underneath you. Do not use a blow-up air mattress. Air mattresses only increase the amount of air that you need to heat up.
*DO NOT SLEEP WITH YOUR HEAD IN THE SLEEPING BAG! Your breath contains water. If you close your bag, with your head inside, the bag will get wet and you will be cold.
*CHANGE CLOTHES. Never sleep in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.93541
Retrieved Text: Quality Cleaners, located at 969 Main Street in the heart of Millis, has been a mainstay in town for decades. Quay Vuong bought the business in spring of 2017 and has grown to love the community as much as the community loves his service.
Drop-off is easy. When customers bring in their clothes, the team affixes a tiny bar-code sticker to each garment in an inconspicuous place. The team tracks each item during its stay and assembles it along with all of the other items in the customer’s order for pickup. Customers even get an automated text letting them know that their items are ready. Technology is key at Quality Cleaners.
After the drop-off, the team sorts the garments. Those to be dry cleaned go in one spot, items to be hand washed go in another, and so on. Even “bleeders”—usually the pieces of clothing that are red—are separated. Rush jobs and items that can wait a few extra days get their own spots, too.
Quay and his team look to the garment’s care tag for the initial sort. “I don’t like to go rogue,” he says. But sometimes consumers remove the tags—or, as Quay has found a few times, sometimes the care tags are incorrect—and that’s where experience kicks in. Knowing how fabrics react to his machines, his additives, and his processes is another reason why customers trust their items with Quay and his team.
Dry cleaning isn’t done dry—clothes are soaked in a solvent instead of in water. It’s the best way to get rid of oils, plus

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.921734
Retrieved Text: I gave Chance his first bath at our house as he has been romping in the mud. He was less than thrilled, but it wasn't too bad for a first. The dryer was a completely different experience. He will let me towel dry him to my heart's content, seems to enjoy the full body rub-down. But we was all over the place when the air hit him.
What is the best method of introducing a young puppy to the forced air drying? Is there a good way to ease them into this or do you just put them on the grooming table and insist? I want to keep the experience as upbeat as possible.
This is what we did with Ursa when she was a puppy. At supper time, we would take the hair dryer and put it on the floor several feet away from her bowl and turn it on low. We would then feed her. As she got used to it, we would move it closer. It took about two weeks for her to get used to it.
Simba learned the blow dryer in a similar way. I had it out first but switched off and later running while we were doing the towel drying. He got used to it slowly, I avoided forcing him to take the blow dryer but every time he showered I insisted that it was around then that it was on and finally I gradually used it longer and longer.
He never he really likes being blow dried and I have to control

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.911139
Retrieved Text: Fire Ash, good for the garden?
Home › Forums › FOOD PRODUCTION, HARVEST AND STORAGE › Soils, Weeds and Wind Breaks › Fire Ash, good for the garden?
This topic contains 5 replies, has 5 voices, and was last updated by TropicalRose 4 years, 9 months ago.
Beloved has a little chiminea which is lit most nights which burns mostly eucalytpus deadfall and hardwood. It produces ash and charcoal. An old timer gardening friend once said he added it to his vege patch.
Anyone have any info/ experience with this please?
Wood ash especially hardwoods contain elements of lime, potash and magnesium, which u can use to enrich your soil.
However would suggest u use ash sparingly as you don’t want to cause a soil Ph.inbalance. Can also be used in the compost heap, and sprinkle it around seedlings that might be under attack by slugs or snails. Apparently they don’t tolerate the texture and won’t crawl across ash.
Replenish it every few days, especially in wet weather, as rain will quickly leach away any nutrients that ash may contain.
Because of its alkalinity, make sure that you keep any wood ash away from acid-loving plants. Keep it away from ground to be used for growing potatoes and don’t let it near any seed potatoes.
A chiminea ? Sounds like the ideal way to spend a winters evening!
Sifting out the lumps of charcoal and burying them in your veggie garden is a great way to enrich the soil. Google ‘biochar’ to find out more.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.782227
Retrieved Text: It's taken me a long time, but I've finally learned to include a six-foot snubbing pole in my boat every time I paddle. For an afternoon or an overnighter. It has saved my « boat » many times over.
Just this spring my bro Laurie and I got together early June on the Gaspereau River, over by Chipman. I knew there had been no rain for a month, and the gauge was way low for that stream. But Laurie was determined, and what the heck. I went solo in my boat, and Laurie and Buddy, who had a fishing licence, went tandem in Laurie's boat.
We were on the water by 9:30 for what is normally a four-hour rudder on a gentle stream, to a take-out by a covered bridge. We carried only provisions for the day, so our boats rode high in the water. It didn't seem too bad at the put-in, « we can do it », so off we went.
Buddy caught a pair of nice trout in the first pool we came to, and got quite enthused. « The run must be on! They look like sea trout to me. » So, yeah, we did spend some time relaxing upstream and indulging Wayne's passion for fishing. It was more time than we could afford, but isn't that what makes it fun sometimes?
The stream started getting lower and scratchier as we went on, and by one o'clock Laurie and Buddy were routinely climbing out of their boat and dragging it over gravel shoals and fetching up

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.770063
Retrieved Text: Before you got your Carhartt B147 DKH Dark Khaki Cotton Canvas Work Shorts, the boss assumed you were the hardest working person on the job. Even at the beginning of the day your old work shorts made you look like you'd been rode hard and put away wet. Buying th ... (see full details) (see specifications) #CHTB147DKH.
Before you got your Carhartt B147 DKH Dark Khaki Cotton Canvas Work Shorts, the boss assumed you were the hardest working person on the job. Even at the beginning of the day your old work shorts made you look like you'd been rode hard and put away wet.
Buying these Carhartt lightweight shorts will be smartest decision you've ever made. They stay looking great all day because they're made from 100% ring-spun cotton canvas. This is because Carhartt uses thinner, yet stronger fibers twisted together to make a yarn especially for clothes that take a beating. These stronger fibers add strength to the water-resistant fabric (making it rugged and durable for work clothes), which means your hammer loop won't rip when you actually use it to hold a hammer. These Carhartt shorts also provide a right leg pocket that is useful for carrying your cell phone or tools.
These shorts have one more important feature. The fabric is so smooth and comfortable you'll want to wear your Carhartt B147 DKH Dark Khaki Cotton Canvas Work Shorts when you're not working-like when the boss asks if you'd like to stop and have a beer with her after work because now she thinks you're

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.759817
Retrieved Text: Will Cranberry Juice Come Out of a Dress Shirt?
1 Will Cranberry Juice Come Out of a Dress Shirt?
3 How Do I Get Acrylic Paint Out of a Silk Blouse?
There are many foods and drinks that cause difficult stains. Beets are among those foods. Beets may be delicious, but they do stain fabrics. Like most other stains, beet stains can be treated. You must perform stain resolving steps in the correct order, however, or you risk setting the stain even further. For this reason, any beet eater or maker should be well versed on the correct way to clean beet stains out of clothes.
Take a piece of white bread and soak it in ice cold water. Place the bread over the stain and press down. It will take a few minutes, but the bread should soak up the stain.
Cover the stain with bleach free liquid laundry detergent. Let this soak in for a few minutes, but do not rub. This step is the most helpful when beet stains have set for several hours.
Check the care label on your garment. Determine the hottest temperature of water possible for that particular type of fabric. Set your washing machine to that temperature and let it go to work on your stained clothes.
Make sure the stain has disappeared once the wash cycle has completed. If it hasn't, rub a stain removal stick on the beet stain and let it sit for 10 minutes. This is necessary because washing the stain makes it set even more. Rinse out the stain treatment and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.605288
Retrieved Text: Newegg offers scheduled delivery service with most appliance purchases. Within 3 days of completing your order, Newegg’s delivery company will send an email allowing you to schedule your appliance delivery online or by phone. Shipping is convenient and hassle-free with Newegg.
Wash and dry all in one step with this 1.8 cu. ft. Combination High-Efficiency Washer and Ventless Dryer. The high efficiency wash system uses less water and energy than a traditional agitator washer and can handle loads up to 13lbs. The condenser dryer is capable of drying up to 6.6 lbs. of clothes, and does not require venting to the outside of the home, allowing the unit to be conveniently set up in a closet or other enclosed space. 6 cycle selections, 4 adjustable spin speeds, and 4 wash/rinse temperature settings let you customize for clean, dry laundry with less work.
Ventless Dryer The Haier HWD1600 high efficiency Washer/Dryer Combo adopts condenser dryer that require no venting, perfect for small homes, apartments, cabins, and RVs..
Ease of Use Choose from 6 wash and 3 dry cycles, 4 adjustable spin speeds, 4 wash/rinse temperature settings and enjoy the convenience with Auto Dry, Delay Start, Extra Rinse and 60-minute Timed Dry.
Cons: Takes at least 2 hours to dry . Dryer stopped working after 6 months . Heating Element error code . Looked online this is a common problem with this machine.
Pros: *** The concept is fantastic - when it works.
Cons: *** Haier does not back its products. They do not return calls.
Other Thoughts: This is an update to my previous

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.558155
Retrieved Text: Last weekend, we had a great barbecue party in my residency. My friend, Elisa and her husband were so impressed and enjoyed a lot.
I am pretty sure you too want to reprocess charcoal for your purpose. It definitely saves your dollars in the long run and it is also eco-friendly.
4 How To Put Out Charcoal Grill Fire After Cooking?
7 How Long Does Charcoal Burn?
8 What To Do With Charcoal Ash?
Yes, you can reuse. But a few things should be taken care of.
When you barbecued, there were a lot of burnt charcoal and ashes left.
For the next cookout, you have to clean up every trace of used objects and ashes to start the grill again.
The process is simple and straightforward.
This process will remove the small pieces along with ashes. Do it over the trash or any other preferred location. Now, transfer the large pieces to a dry place.
For ideal burning, the used pieces should remain cool and dry. Otherwise, it may produce a lot of smoke.
It is better to collect them as it cools down after barbecuing. This ensures that you can dry it before reusing them.
And, when you burn these used ones for one more time, it’ll reignite.
Once done, put off the grill to stop firing.
How To Put Out Charcoal Grill Fire After Cooking?
Once you have finished with barbecuing, you have to put off the grill fire as explained below. But you have to wait till it cools down.
It not only avoids accidents but also ensures you get a handy amount of burnt charcoal.
There are many

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.474699
Retrieved Text: When you wash your clothes in hard water you may not notice a difference in your colors but you will certainly see a difference in your whites. Hard water has the unique ability to make every white article of clothing you have a nice dingy color and depending on how hard the water actually is will depend on how dingy the hard water stains are. There are many products sold on the market today that claim to remove hard water stains, but many of them are expensive and most don’t work. So how do you remove hard water stains from your clothes?
• Use acid: This sounds a lot scarier than it actually is. The acid will actually eat away the hard water stains and if you use a mild acid it will not harm your clothing. Believe it or not you probably have that mild form of acid in your home right now as it is in the form of vinegar. To be effective you can spot treat hard water stains with the vinegar or to treat whites that are dingy you can fill your washing machine with water and add a good amount of vinegar and simply let the clothes sit for a few hours. Then turn on the washing machine and let it run its course.
• Wash normally: Once you are done with the vinegar stage, leave the clothes in the washing machine and do a normal load. This is the point where you want to examine the detergent you are using. You can

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.463564
Retrieved Text: Coffee is a fun drink that is popular all over India. It is part of South Indian culture and is also a very popular drink in North India. Coffee stains on clothes and upholstery are pretty hard to get rid of; unless of course you know a few cleaning tricks. In the blog post, I have complied several ways to remove coffee stains from clothes, upholstery, carpets etc.
Time is of essence. The coffee stained cloth has to be rinsed with water immediately. The cold water should remove most of the stain before it becomes permanent. Soak the cloth in water and in case the stain does not fade soak in a solution of water and detergent for some time, rinse and then wash normally. Do not let the stain dry.
This treatment is useful for upholstery as well as clothes. In case of a coffee stain, pour club soda liberally on it. Continue blotting the stain until it has completely disappeared.
Mix 3 cups of white vinegar and 1 cup of clean water. Spray this solution on the coffee stain and leave it for 10-15 minutes. Rinse the area and wash the cloth normally using detergent. Air-dry after washing.
In case of a small stain, moisten a cotton ball with undiluted vinegar solution and rub gently. For larger stains, soak the cloth in the vinegar and water solution.
This treatment can also be used for coffee stains on crockery and carpets.
For coffee stains on crockery or floor tiles, you can use baking powder. Make a thick paste of baking soda

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.28167
Retrieved Text: It was our first family airplane ride with a toddler and I learned from that experience. We spent a Palawan tour for the Puerto Prinsesa underground river last week. As a mom, I wanted to be prepared so I did some briefing for my little boy about the tour and I even let him watched the video about the underground river. He was prepared for the underground river adventure, but not much with the airplane ride.
I almost forgot that I should also prepare him for the airplane ride because I focused on the underground river tour. There were only a few hours left when I realized that I missed some preparations. Anyway, let me share some of the tips and preparation for the first airplane ride with a toddler.
Prepare the hand carry bag with your kids stuff and make a checklist. Hand carry bag checklist with toddler’s stuff: extra pair of clothes (tops & pants), hand towel, wet tissue, one bottle of water, dry crackers, kid’s low sugar candies (gummy bear, raisins, or any of his favorite), ear doctor (helps to remove ear pressure) small soft pillow and small blanket or Malong.
Choose comfortable clothes and shoes for your toddler. I would recommend long shirts and pants. In the photo, my little boy wears a short. He is actually wearing a long pants before we ride in an airplane, but because his pants get mussed, I change his bottoms with a short in my carry-on bag.
Pack a small, comfortable backpack or any carry-on bag for your toddler

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.20571
Retrieved Text: Why do my running clothes always smell so bad? Even after I wash them, I mean. I put on a fresh tech shirt right out of the closet and I’m sometimes wondering if the darn thing made it into the wash since I ran in it last.
Actually, last laundry day I couldn’t find two tech shirts I knew I wore. Then, I saw it: my gym bag stuffed in a corner, hiding behind my camera stuff. It was all zipped up and I was desperately looking for any reason not to open it.
I was right to be afraid. The shirts were in there, and they were gross!
Plus, they were still a little wet.
Now, I don’t usually leave my running stuff lying around like that. In fact, my running stuff usually takes over the bathroom: I hang it from any available hook to air dry before I stuff it in the hamper of clothes waiting for the next wash.
I’ve read somewhere it’s the technical fibers the clothes are made from that are the root of the problem. Yes the fibres that wick away sweat and keep us comfortable are also what locks odour. So, what can we do?
There are a few things. You can pre-soak your clothes in a mix of baking soda and water before running them through the wash. You can use a detergent engineered for sport clothing, such as WIN Detergent, that can remove odour without degrading technical fibres. And, you can always add in a little white vinegar to the wash. Apparently, it’s

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.175476
Retrieved Text: At-home washing: Use regular detergent (no bleach!) on the normal cycle, and turn inside out to remove dead skin and sweat buildup where it counts. Add a liquid fabric softener during the wash cycle, but use it sparingly! Too much can result in a slick, oily feeling, but just the right amount will keep your socks soft and cozy. Dry socks thoroughly on a normal setting. Don&apos;t put them away damp; it can lead to the breakdown of the elastic.
In the field: After a few days of use, padding inevitably gets compressed with dirt and sweat. At rest breaks remove your socks, flip them inside out, and rough up the fibers with your fingers. Shake loose any debris. For the most part, the best way to dry wet socks is to wear them, as unpleasant as this may seem. If friction blisters threaten or if your feet produce too much sweat to let drying happen, change into a fresh pair, then tuck the wet ones under your shirt where your body heat will dry them. If it&apos;s hot and sunny, strap the wet socks onto the outside of your pack to air dry.

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: Context: Bailey relieved every one of her friends when she announced her plans to stay.

Question: Why did Bailey do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: wanted to live by herself

B: wanted to show her dedication to her friends

C: wanted to forget about her friends

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.834732
Retrieved Text: - - Kimberly Diane Bailey Kautz, died April 12, 2019, in Berkeley Medical Center, Martinsburg, W.Va. Her family and friends will cherish the memories they have of Kim - her fierce commitment to equal rights, her love of a good debate, her belief that gender, color and sexual orientation should never matter, and her love for her family and friends. She was never the quiet one in the room.
Born Dec. 6, 1955 in Hagerstown, Md., she is survived by her husband of 25 years, Richard Lewis Kautz of Martinsburg; her daughters, Courtney Dawn Detwiler Gotham (Robert Gregory Gotham) of Chambersburg, Pa., and Michelle Diane Detwiler of Baltimore, Md.; her stepsons, Ryan Kautz (Larysa Kautz) of Alexandria, Va., and Jonathan Kautz (Severina Gedra) of Richmond, Va.; her brother, Robert Keith Bailey (Barbara Camp) of Chantilly, Va.; and her grandchildren, Cameron Alexander Wolfe, Emma Nicole Wolfe, and Symon Haddon Kautz. Kim was the daughter of Gloria Dawn Bailey of Hagerstown and the late George Lester Bailey Jr.
She taught at Frostburg University - Hagerstown Campus, WOR-WIC Community College in Salisbury, MD, Delaware Technical College - Georgetown Delaware Campus and Wilmington College in Georgetown, Del. She taught business writing, technical writing, sociology, and theory of religion. She is a member of Phi Theta Kappa of Hagerstown Community College and was the speaker for her class at graduation for Frostburg University.
She was a member of St. Anne's Episcopal Church in Bethany Beach, Del.
The family plans to hold a memorial gathering at a future date. In lieu of flowers, the family requests

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.53587
Retrieved Text: Take a trip to wine country to meet the Hamiltons in this new sweet and steamy series from Author SJ McCoy.
#99c or #FREE with #KindleUnlimited!
Pain. That’s a word Bailey Winsor knows well, having endured it since she was a child from the people that were supposed to protect her. Just when her life appears normal, something Bailey has never experienced, she meets a man and falls in love.
Bailey is a broken woman who had a horrible childhood. When she was finally free she met and fell in love with a man who made her childhood pale in comparison to the horrific things he subjected her to. Bailey escapes that situation and is now on the run from her husband. She ends up in the small town in Ohio. There she meets Jaxson, Mia, Anna, and Andrew. She forms and instant bond with them dispute trying not to. She knows this stop is only temporary because she needs to stay on the moves to stay away from her husband.
Jaxson seems something in Bailey the moment he sees her sitting in his bar. The first time she freaks out when he gets close, Jaxon know she is hiding something. For some reason he wants to protect her and for Bailey to trust him. The chemistry between these two is undeniable. Bailey does not trust her feelings for Jaxon considering her past experiences. Jaxson has dealt with his share of pain. Something in Bailey calls to him but he proceeds cautiously trying not to scare her away.
This book took

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.137955
Retrieved Text: Cynthia Bailey is taking to her Bravo Blog to dish on this week's episode of The Real Housewives of Atlanta. Cynthia Bailey shares her thoughts on everything that went down on Part 1 of the Real Housewives of Atlanta Season 10 reunion.
BravoTV.com: What went through your mind when Kenya said she was pregnant? Were you surprised when she said that you can't keep a secret?
Cynthia Bailey: I was very excited to hear the news of Kenya being pregnant, and had she confided this news to me before she announced it at the reunion (and asked me to keep it a secret), I ABSOLUTELY would have! Just as I would’ve kept her wedding a secret if she’d told me. Believe me, I can hold water — I can hold an ocean if my friend asks me to!
We confide in each other all the time, and there’s never been a situation in our circle where I’ve ever betrayed Kenya’s trust since we’ve become great friends. With that said, I love Kenya, and I will always celebrate her happiness.
BravoTV.com: Do you think that NeNe and Shereé can move forward from their issues?
CB: I never say never! You have to remember that there were a couple of years that NeNe and I weren’t friends, and I didn’t know if we would ever be friends again. It took some time, but we eventually found our way back to each other because we had a true friendship and a real connection.
However, there seems to be a major disconnect between NeNe and Shereé,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.068497
Retrieved Text: Strategic ideas, intuition, and details. It’s not often you find this combination in the same package, but Bailey has it all! She has the ability to be completely present, make sure you are heard, and think of the big picture. When it’s time execute on an idea, her mind is two steps ahead. Bailey’s brilliant way with words is icing on the cake.
As you look at Bailey’s background and previous experiences, her combination of skills make sense. As a family consumer sciences teacher, her passion for connecting and guiding students led her to a Masters in School Counseling. She went on to teach Psychology of Human Relations for Lake Area Technical Institute. Her work as an instructor often took the form of mentoring individual students for success. Both of her degrees are from South Dakota State University. She is among a proud line of 30 family alumni who have donned the blue and the yellow. Go Jacks!
Bailey, her husband Grant, and little girl Ivy live on a ranch near Goodwin, South Dakota. It’s there that she finds peace in running along the dirt roads. Rolling out a yoga mat is part of Bailey’s everyday routine. She reports it has not improved her flexibility — and she won’t be posting any poses — but the calm and consistent mentality keeps her going. The average person will be relieved to know that Bailey does have a weakness. It is salt. She’ll pass up sweets for a bag of chips any day. And, if it’s not the season of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.017345
Retrieved Text: Trigger the Wonder Horse: An Inspirational Story of Faith, Healing & Miracles is a nonfiction animal memoir written by Angela Lenhardt. Lenhardt is a life coach, public speaker and author. When Lenhardt found herself unable to get help for Bailey, her buckskin quarter horse, one freezing Halloween Eve, she vowed that she would never have another horse for a companion. Bailey had been a rescue horse whose days were numbered until Lenhardt entered his life. She was able to see past his issues, and they had become a close-knit team. Losing him had been a gut-wrenching experience. But her resolve to stay clear of horses was overcome by a friend’s mention of a mistreated horse who needed help. Maybe, she thought, this would be a way to “make it up to Bailey” for not being able to get him help when he needed it. Trigger was fourteen years old at the time she adopted him; he was a shortish, light-colored Palomino. Lenhardt went slowly in helping him get to know her; they shared lots of walks with only a halter and lead rope, and sessions working to teach him the words they’d use to communicate. They bonded quickly and strongly, and have spent the last several decades as best friends and companions.
Trigger the Wonder Horse is a moving and beautifully told story about the author and her experiences with her best friend, Trigger. I quickly got involved in Lenhardt’s story and could feel the anguish of her inability to help Bailey. Her story about her early

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.867393
Retrieved Text: Probably you should specify your search parameters, using additional filter options.
Cassandra “Cassie” Finnsbury has spent almost twenty-­five years running for her life, hiding from everyone who knew her, and hoping it was enough to keep her daughter safe. When she learns that she no longer has to run, she is determined to find Daniela again and hires private investigator Bailey Davenport, a retired FBI agent, who is more than up to the task. Bailey finds nothing more irresistible than a mystery and a challenge, and in Cassie, she finds both. Can Bailey find the key to unlock more than just Cassie’s secrets?
Childhood friends Imogen and Amahle couldn’t come from more different backgrounds. One privileged and the other little more than a slave, yet they thought nothing could tear their friendship apart. But a changing political landscape and an uncertain future cast Imogen into a lonely world away from everything and everyone she knows, and by the time she returns to Africa, everything has changed. Betrayal, deceit, and anger are the currency of the day, and it is a far cry from the life Imogen wants to lead.­When Amahle’s family is caught up in the middle of a bitter legal battle, she fights for what she believes is right. But what happens when those you believe in let you down? What happens when friend becomes foe and your world turns upside down? What can be built from the ashes of betrayal?
After a vicious attack, Morgan Masters wakes up to find that nothing is how she remembers it.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.41347
Retrieved Text: I find myself often wanting to write, but Bailey wants to be held. I can not resist to sit and gaze at her while she coos, smiles, and even fusses. I love how she wants me to cradle her, look at her, and hold her hand while she is trying to relax. She fits perfectly in my arms (and always will). She is beautiful. She has all sorts of new noises she has developed. While she is sleeping you can hear her breath and she lets little awws out as she slowly goes to sleep, when she is looking around she makes noises and tries out her new “voice” as she discovers everything she can see in the world. The best moments are when she stares into my eyes with all the love a baby has for her Mommy, that melts me to pieces (as tears come to my eyes right now).
There are soo many things I do not want to forget about: her stretches, a full body one when she wakes up from her nap- her arms extend soo long, as she wrinkles her face and her legs then go out to the furthest extent; the noise she makes while talking and having her “binkie” in her mouth like a gurgle gurgle la la sound; her heavy breathing while she is asleep (which she is on m lap doing right now) I could spend hours listening to her breath, it is soo peaceful (her Auntie Farrin said we should record it- I need to do

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.20582
Retrieved Text: After previously announcing their separation, Cynthia Bailey has officially decided to divorce husband Peter Thomas.
In the world of reality TV couples the longevity rate is almost non-existent and you can add another couple to the list, straight from Real Housewives of Atlanta. After previously announcing their separation, Cynthia Bailey has officially decided to divorce husband Peter Thomas.
As reported by Love B. Scott via E! News, in the five months that have passed since Cynthia Bailey announced her separation from Peter Thomas, she has finally come to a clear decision as to where her marriage stands and it appears to be over.
As expected, Bailey is enjoying the support from her close friends and RHOA co-stars, Nene Leakes and Kenya Moore. It’s also a pretty safe bet that her storyline for the upcoming season of the show is concrete with this divorce news. The 9th season of the Real Housewives of Atlanta has recently started filming for a premiere date later this year.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.1426
Retrieved Text: Moseby falls down the stairs and injures everyone except London. Ratings Viewers in millions 1 The Suite Life Sets Sail September 26, 2008 4. London tries to bribe her not to move in, but Bailey refuses. This was the first episode that Cody and Bailey go out on a date. Meanwhile, Cody and Bailey find it increasingly harder to spend time with each other.
Special guest star: as Guest stars: as Prince Jeffy, Cale Hoelzman as Prince Timmy, Scott Dreier as Harold The Herald Note: This is the 100th episode of the Suite Life series, and also the last appearance of Maddie Fitzpatrick in the show. Cody is dating Bailey but they are having lots of break-ups lately. He's constantly running from stem to stern keeping the Martin twins and London out of trouble. He adventually told Bailey that he lied to the teacher about her and Bailey disagreed and said it was wrong. Connie takes over Moseby's work and breaks a boat in a bottle intended as a gift for the captain. After everyone else eventually finds this out, Bailey is allowed to stay, filling the position vacated by London's ex-cabin-mate, and Bailey becomes London's new cabin-mate. Annoyed at the whole idea of staying on the , London flees to , leaving Bailey feeling responsible and guilty over her disappearance.
Something's wrong if you can in context of the show make several scientific discoveries, patent multiple inventions, write two books and maintain perfect grades in regular school. Plus, breakup in which episode 0: i uploaded one of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.959248
Retrieved Text: Bailey started studying at Otley College in 2015 and enrolled on the level 3 Extended Diploma in Animal Management. During her second year she started working at Dogucation as part of her work experience to complete her course. Once her required hours had been completed she was welcomed to stay on to assist when she asked to do so.
Since starting at Dogucation she has become not only a valued member of the crew but has proven herself a very good teacher in agility, puppy and more advanced classes.
She is a very competent clicker trainer who is learning fast, training more complex behaviours every day.
She has always had a passion for dogs and now has a seven year old Rottweiler named Stanley and her first very own dog who is a Parsons Jack Russell terrier named Dodger. He was born in March 2017.
Bailey is currently enrolled in the APDT Advanced Course 2019 to enable her to take on more advanced teaching roles.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.797176
Retrieved Text: The titular character of the show is one with many secrets. A daughter of a medical legend, Meredith has a hard time finding her own footing. Besides, the iconic romance between her and Derrick Shepherd puts her at a disadvantage with her fellow interns. Upon her early interactions with Cristina Yang, one would expect animosity and disdain. After all, Cristina is sometimes abrasive and brash in her ambitious focus to get as much experience as possible.
“I talk about my ‘ride or die’ group and it’s a very intense group of people. And one of the people on the list is Cristina Yang. And she doesn’t exist. And I don’t care.” Rhimes went on to explain that she eventually realized that she used the character to say the things she was always too afraid to say.
Shonda Rhimes quoted in Libby Hill’s 2015 Los Angeles Times article.
Cristina and Meredith repeatedly choose each other as their ride-or-die person. They trust each other with secrets. They share their tumultuous and messy romantic relationships together. On more than one occasion, Meredith put Derek aside for Cristina. Cristina was the first to know about Meredith and Derek. Unlike anything I have ever seen about female friendships between two driven people, Cristina saw Meredith beyond what anyone else had seen her at that point.
Cristina is very different from Meredith. She has no interest in having children but she adores Meredith’s babies. She doesn’t have an epic romance like Meredith does, and yet she always sympathized with the struggle of balancing between family and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.681347
Retrieved Text: Provide comfort for the family of Barbara Harmon with a meaningful gesture of sympathy.
Barbara Elaine Bailey Harmon, beloved daughter of the late Leroy Wilmer Bailey, Sr. and Violet Sample Bailey, was born on February 1, 1953 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She went home to be with the Lord on Wednesday, December 12, 2018.
Barbara, also known to her family as “Elaine,” was educated in the public schools of Accomack County and graduated in 1972 from Central High School in Painter, Virginia.
She was joined in holy matrimony to Tommy Lee Harmon, Sr. on August 31, 1974. From this union they shared a son, Tommy Lee Harmon, Jr.
In earlier years, Elaine was employed at Perdue Farms in Accomac, St. Paul’s On the Shore Day Care in Hallwood, Migrant Head Start in Parksley, and finally at Bel-Art in Pocomoke, MD until she became disabled.
Elaine was predeceased by her parents. She was the oldest of the union of Leroy and Violet. She has departed this side and the sibling circle is now broken, but Thanks Be To God, they shall reunite again in Heaven.
Elaine’s favorite thing to do was spending time with her two precious grandsons, Ke’Sean and Tavis. They were her world, and she spent most of her time spoiling them, as doting grandmothers do. She called them “My Boys,” and Ke’Sean and Tavis loved her dearly.
She had a special bond with her adoptive daughter, Felicia Blake, who was also her caregiver. Their relationship was filled with serious conversations and plenty of laughter and love. There was nothing that Felicia would

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.668373
Retrieved Text: It was the summer in 2012, and Rebecca Bailey knew something was terribly wrong.
As she recovered from the surgery, Bailey had plenty of time to reflect on her life—and on all of the things she wished were different. She felt like she was being given a second chance, and she was determined to make it count.
Motivated by a desire to better understand some of the things that have happened in her life—and her reactions to them—she decided to return to college after 20 years to pursue her degree in Psychology at Argosy University.
Bailey was accepted into the Psychology program at Argosy University, Online Programs and started classes in December of 2014.
Bailey was on track and thriving when, in May of 2016, she received another jarring health diagnosis: breast cancer. A lumpectomy, radiation, and chemotherapy followed, as did an infection in her lymph nodes. Bailey says the moral support she received throughout the ordeal from her Argosy success advisor, Jennifer Rauch, and her financial aid counselor, Morgan Gilbert, lifted her spirits and reminded her to stay focused on the future.
Bailey says her faith and the support of her three children (Collin, Will and Jordyn) kept her motivated to stay focused on her education. In December, 2017, Bailey earned her BA in Psychology (with a concentration in Substance Abuse)—with a 3.7 GPA. She just landed a job in insurance sales and will continue volunteering through her church, providing support services to the homeless. With the help of her degree, Bailey also has a paid internship lined up at

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.60467
Retrieved Text: If you think Ferguson is all bad news, think again.
Dottie Bailey, Ben Evans, and other Tea Partiers have been helping one woman keep her dream alive. On Monday, they banded together with Center for Self-Governance and friends of Dellena Jones to undo the damage inflicted by vandals the night before.
This beautiful story in The Daily Signal has all the details. Big thanks to Dottie Bailey for her unrelenting work to save 911 Hair Salon.
Please consider donating on GoFundMe to help Dellena stay in business. Because every dollar helps.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.547688
Retrieved Text: Way back when, I wrote Friday Letters. It wrapped up about my week or what I was feeling about certain things at the time. It was one of the first link-ups I participated in and I always enjoyed looking back on what I wrote from week to week about what was going on in my life. So I figured, why not bring them back.
Thank you for coming back as fashionable. Brings me back to my middle school days where you weren't cool unless you had flares. Now, I just want to be like the cool fashion bloggers and get a pair.
Kuddos for taking on the hot topic of the gender gap pay. Meredith was promoted to Chief but wasn't sure about her salary. After everyone told her to fight for what she deserves and fight for how hard she works, she walked right up to Bailey and told her what she wanted and deserved to make. Of course, Bailey said yes because it was all a test. A Bailey said, "This is what a feminist looks like." Boom.
Just sit and stay awhile. Like a long while. I enjoy my boots and blanket scarf thanks.
I got you. I'm already prepared and started my Christmas shopping. No more weekend before Christmas shopping. Fully soaking in the holidays this year.
If you could come back to my life I would appreciate it. It's becoming difficult trying to figure out how to fit this blog in with the constant housework, work, wide duties and trying to have some fun. Any suggestions

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.47343
Retrieved Text: Paula Ann Bailey Bentley, age 57, formerly of Florida went to be with the Lord Thursday, November 11, 2010, at her residence in Johnson City. Mrs. Bentley was born in Washington County, Tennessee. She loved cooking, gardening, and gathering of the special times of the family and will be greatly missed by all her family and friends. She was preceded in death by her father, Paul J. Bailey, Jr., and her grandson, Harley Wayne Miller. Mrs. Bentley is survived by one daughter, Brandy Summers and husband Will, of Lawrenceburg, TN; one son, Gavin Paul Bentley, of the home; one granddaughter, Bailey Bentley; her mother, Anne Bailey, of Johnson City; two sisters, Donna Queen, of Johnson City, and Reta Bailey, of Johnson City; one special niece, Melanie Christian and husband Danny; special great niece and nephew, Emily and Matt Christian, of Johnson City; several uncles, aunts and cousins; and her former husband Barry Bentley, of Seminole, FL. Graveside services will be held Monday, November 22, 2010 at 2:00 pm in the Washington County Memory Gardens. Morris-Baker Funeral Home and Cremation Services, 2001 Oakland Avenue, Johnson City, TN., 423-282-1521, is in charge of arrangements.
Hello I am sorry to hear of Paula’s passing. She and her family were good neighbors when I lived on Poplar St.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.454144
Retrieved Text: Bailey and Zack met me out at beautiful Lake Louisa for their Spring engagement. Recent rains brought the lush nature preserve back to shades of green, which were the perfect backdrop to my couple’s pastel attire.
My sweethearts story began on May 21st of 2015 when Bailey had come home from college for the summer. Excited to spend time with family and catch up with friends, Bailey’s friend Peyton invited her out to go country line dancing at Mavericks, a local dancing bar. Being her silly self, Zack first laid eyes on her when she was doing a goofy dance and immediately fell in love with her free spirit. Approaching Bailey, he introduced himself, and after spending the entire night chatting at the bar, exchanged numbers. Two weeks later, the two wen on their first date at the Waffle House followed by putt-putt golf and of course a sweet treat of slurpees after. It was the perfect laid back date to really be able to get to know one another better, and opened the door to many more dates to come.
Falling in love with how much Bailey cares for other people, Zack explains that Bailey “has a natural caring spirit and helps people however and whenever.” For Bailey, the way Zack makes her laugh and brings joy to every day is what she fell in love with. As Bailey explains, Zack “can always make me smile even after I have had a bad day. He is someone that will always crack a joke to cheer everybody up.”

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.13428
Retrieved Text: This is Bailey. Bailey found her human family when she was only three months old and Bailey and the two year old child in the family are best friends. Bailey’s humans state that she is so much more than a pet.
In February of this year, Bailey was hit by a truck, and her owners maxed out all of their credit cards paying for her life-saving care. Unfortunately, Bailey had severe nerve damage to her front, right leg. A couple of months after her initial run in with the truck, Bailey’s nerve damage was no better, and in fact, she started to chew her paw off. The owners had been warned that if this happened, Bailey would need to have her leg amputated. The problem; Bailey’s owners had used all of their money for her initial care. After several veterinary hospitals told Bailey’s owners they would need at least $1,500.00 for the surgery, Bailey landed at the Veremedy Pet Hospital. Veremedy works closely with NEFAH, and thanks to NEFAH’s program to help pet owners with financial needs, Bailey was able to have the amputation and her second chance! She is back to her playful self and loves to play in the stream with her best friend!
“Bailey’s doing so well with her amputation; she’s such a happy dog now that she doesn’t have that leg to worry about. I took Bailey and my other dog and my son down to play in the water the other day. She jumped in the water and chased the rocks that my

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.07217
Retrieved Text: She is growing up a little too fast for me! Bailey is three months in a couple of days.
She has quite the little (or big sometimes) attitude and she let's us know when something is not right!!
She is sitting up now, wants to explore the world, and god forbid you try to cradle hold her, she can not see anything that way!!
She is learning to play and has started to be interested in toys!
She is not a huge fan of tummy time, but we do it anyhow!!
She loves her dog, and her dog loves her back. Roxy is excellent with her!
She is an excellent sleeper, I am hoping this does not change. She is not much into naps at all though, so we just play all day (maybe she gets 30 minutes here and there). Mommy gets nothing completed but that is okay, we have a happy baby!
Bailey you make our life complete, We love you! You will always be our little baby.
Disposable diapers use 2x as much water as cotton diapers.
Disposable diapers use 3x as much energy as cotton diapers.
It takes between 200-500 years for a disposable diaper to decompose.
Disposables are laden with chemicals which have been associated with many physical problems. Diaper rash also increases with disposable diaper use due to allergies to chemicals, poor air flow and longer time spent in wet diapers which feel dry when wet. The chemicals in disposables are linked to many problems (asthma).
Disposable diapers also contain chemicals that should cause parents concern. One chemical used in manufacturing disposables

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.0481
Retrieved Text: I’ve always loved the idea of keeping a journal. There’s something so romantic about documenting your day to day, about going back and seeing how you felt on some arbitrary Tuesday years past. But, alas — I’m a terrible diarist. Even though I literally got my degree in writing, I have so much trouble motivating myself to jot down what my day was like once I get to the end of it.
Luckily, reading and writing tend to go hand-in-hand, and tons of books focus on writers! I’ve rounded up some of my favorite books that inspire me to grab my journal and start writing.
6 Books That Will Inspire You to Pick Up Your Journal!
Twinkle Mehra has a different way of keeping a diary — she writes letters to her favorite female filmmakers. After all, Twinkle plans to join their ranks one day. She has stories to tell and universes to explore! So, when fellow film geek Sahil Roy approaches her to direct a movie for the upcoming Summer Festival, Twinkle is all over it. It’s a Dream Come True — and it gets her closer to her forever-crush, Neil, Sahil’s twin brother — who’s possibly the mystery man who’s been emailing her. But as the emails continue, Twinkle starts to fall for Sahil, and soon realizes that the romance she’s got is not the one she’s scripted.
Lina’s in Tuscany for the summer, but she’s not excited about it. She’s only there because her mother’s dying wish was that Lina get to know her long-absent father. But

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.00459
Retrieved Text: Well, after 7 loooong days of Bailey having a “stomach” flu (and I will spare you all the fun details, but it was BAD. I mean, anytime she is sick it’s bad because the slightest hint of the wheels in her stomach moving in reverse causes her to scream out in panic, convinced that she is dying…but this was fever up to 105, going to the ER, not eating and barely drinking anything for four days with major lethargy and me almost convinced IV fluids would be the only thing to pull her out of this bad) she is now well enough and at school. I am SO fortunate that I didn’t catch it.
Although I had several fun Halloween activities planned for her she was only well enough last night to hit up a few houses. So I held my breath and crossed my fingers and pulled what I knew would possibly be a costume reject up her legs and up her arms and securely fastened the velcro in the back. And I say “reject” not because of it’s seriously high level of cuteness…she LOVES cute…it’s because of the comfort. I detailed her lack of tolerance in a previous post, Seasons (click to read), and Halloween costumes are always tricky. But after a pep talk and some tugging here and there she decided to cooperate. Either that or she was just too weak to put up much of a fight. I’m thinking it’s the latter.
So off we went to beg for candy…Bailey, Cookie (our chihuahua), Easton**

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.9419
Retrieved Text: During Jonchuck's month-long murder trial, the gallery has been mostly empty, except for reporters and law school students.
And Corry - a 63-year-old, widowed, part-time accountant who lives in Clearwater. She doesn't know anyone involved in the case and has nothing to do with the proceedings, but she had already spent six full days at the Pinellas County Justice Center, watching the trial.
"It's so interesting," said Corry, who wears hot pink cardigans and carries a macrame purse. "I'm just fascinated by human behavior."
When she can't be in court, she watches live-stream coverage. But then she can't hear what happens when the jury gets sent out or watch the judge's demeanor.
Corry was there for opening statements. She heard the first four witnesses testify for the prosecution. She watched Jonchuck's mother mouth, "I love you," from the stand. And when jurors passed around autopsy photos of Phoebe's bruised body, Corry cringed - not at the images, but at the sight of Jonchuck burying his face in his hands.
Sometimes, she writes in a small, coral notebook - quotes, observations, thoughts to share on her favorite website: websleuths.com. "It's like amateur detectives following all these murder cases," she says. For four years, she's been glued to strangers' comments about other true-crime killings across the country. So when Jonchuck's case started, she decided she had to be there to provide commentary for her online community. She has 6,901 likes on her posts.
"Lawyers and judge seem exasperated," she wrote April 8. "So tragic, yet so fascinating . I have also read many of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.92759
Retrieved Text: When life has you up against the ropes, just shimmy down off the side of that boxing ring and go see the movie with the singing cartoon pig. You deserve it.
Kanye West did something of the sort Wednesday night when he threw on H to T sweats (the universal uniform for the depressed-yet-optimistic-this-will-pass among us) for a night at the Westlake Village movie theater.
In November, Kanye was hospitalized for “temporary psychosis” following an outburst on stage at a Sacramento show during his since-canceled Saint Pablo Tour.
He's slowly begun making his way out in public again this month alongside wife, Kim Kardashian West.
Kimmy also spent the season keeping a low profile following an October heist in Paris that left the reality star bound and robbed of millions of dollars worth of jewelry (until recently, her uncharacteristically reclusive behavior also extended to her formerly booming social media accounts).
The couple shared dinner at Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica on Sunday, as rumors circulated they were in couples therapy.
They are not in couples counseling, but Kanye does still see a therapist every day… He's doing a lot better. He's definitely getting better at saying no to projects.
Kim and Kanye are lucky to have a large, supportive network of family and friends to help care for daughter North and son Saint as they work through the events of the past few months.
In the meantime, Kim and Kanye have no plans of quitting on one another.
It's just been hell for them… Kanye's behavior took a huge toll on their marriage. But Kim

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.911158
Retrieved Text: Jennifer Hindieh and her then-boyfriend adopted Bailey from the North Hempstead Animal Shelter in New York when the puppy was just 5 months old. Since then, she’s been the third member of their little family and their best friend — and so when Hindieh and her boyfriend got engaged after seven years of being together, they knew they wanted Bailey to be as involved in everything as she possibly could be.
From the very beginning, the couple knew they wanted Bailey to be a part of their wedding. She’s always been an incredibly friendly, goofy pup, and they knew she would love meeting everyone there and would probably end up being the life of the party.
“Literally, she would jump in a stranger’s car and lick them to death,” Hindieh said.
… and decided to buy her her very own wedding dress.
Hindieh ordered Bailey’s dress online from CocoAndBushkaCouture on Etsy. Bailey often wears hoodies when she goes outside to keep her warm, so putting on the dress was no problem for her. It fits wonderfully and looks so cute on her, and her mom is so excited for everyone to see her in it as they walk down the aisle together.
Hindieh and her fiancé are getting married in September, and can’t wait to share their special day with Bailey. They’re even having a mini dog-safe cake made especially for her — so they don’t expect her dress to stay clean for very long!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.889477
Retrieved Text: Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg discussed her future on the bench Sunday, saying she hopes to remain in her position for another five years.
Ginsburg made the remark in Manhattan after the performance of “The Originalist,” a play about the late Justice Antonin Scalia.
"If I had my choice of dissenters when I was writing for the court, it would be Justice Scalia," Ginsburg said, relaying that her conversations with Scalia would help her develop her arguments. "Sometimes it was like a ping-pong game."
The associate justice’s name was trending on Twitter over the comments Sunday night, leading some liberals to initially fear the worst.
Saw Ruth Bader Ginsburg trending & I was on my way to the hospital to donate all my organs to keep her alive.
Then was relieved to see that she would be here another 5 years.
I just saw #RuthBaderGinsburg trending on Twitter and my heart stopped. It's not what you think! She's gonna serve 5 more years!
This is not the first time Ginsburg has said she has no plans to step down anytime soon.
There are also reports she's hired law clerks through 2020, making it clear she plans to stay on the job for at least a couple more years.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.661016
Retrieved Text: Leakes has carried a grudge against Moore and Bailey’s friendship for the longest time, and fans have been largely kept in the dark about it. But on the aftershow, Leakes finally explained why she has problems with Bailey acting like Moore is suddenly her best friend. The RHOA explained how she always makes time for her friends, despite her busy schedule, and how Moore only calls when it is convenient for her.
According to Bravo TV, Leakes also did not appreciate how Moore was invited to the event. Leakes believes that Moore only showed up because she heard she was skipping out. Leakes is not sure how the word got out, but she remembers discussing ditching the party with her co-star, Marlo Hampton. She also thought that Bailey could have let her know that Moore was coming to the event, which would have lessened her surprise.
Following Leakes’ interview, Moore revealed how she was really invited to the party. The former RHOA star claimed that both Bailey and Kandi Burruss invited her to the event and had no idea she was coming until she made an appearance. Bailey also shared that she did not know Leakes would be so offended by the invite and admitted that she probably should have told her what was going on ahead of time.
Fortunately for fans, NeNe Leakes and Cynthia Bailey will have plenty of time to work out their differences during the Season 11 reunion.
Fans can watch the drama unfold when new episodes of the Real Housewives of Atlanta air Sunday nights

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.609505
Retrieved Text: I Triple Dog Dare You!!
Having an outside dog - even a temporarily outside one - is definitely an adjustment. It's also possum season around here and they tend to scuttle around on fence tops...I assume this is why Bailey tends to bark like a crazy hound in the middle of the night. Oy. One thing I have learned, though - no matter how many dogs may be barking in the neighborhood, I'm convinced MY barky dog is the one who will ultimately provoke the neighbors into calling the police, so it sets me on edge. Yeah, there have been some sleepless nights around here...but I'm not complaining!
If you haven't figured it out by now, I'm a complete sucker softie when it comes to animals. Naturally, I've been feeling guilty about Bailey having to live outside since I brought her home. I go out there as much as I can and spend time with her, but there are long periods of time when she's alone. Casey and Riley are alone, but at least they're alone together (if that makes sense). I know I need to be patient and not risk the health of my other critters; it breaks my heart to see her watching the other dogs go inside and leave her out all alone at night...in the dark...where there are noises and things that go bump in the night.
Casey and Riley were both rescues. Casey was adopted from the local Humane Society when she was about 4 weeks old and Riley was adopted at about 6

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.556303
Retrieved Text: “He fought with everything he had to keep me from closing the cage after hours sitting on the floor with him. I was attached immediately and decided that I would take a risk and try hiding a kitten in my college dorm where animals are obviously not allowed,” Erin told Love Meow.
So Erin adopted Bailey and brought him back to her dorm room. Within a week, Erin was caught and told that she had 48 hours to remove the cat from her dorm room.
After tons of research and phone calls, Erin found an 80-year-old woman who was willing to adopt Bailey. Erin was devastated but knew she found a good home for him.
Shortly after rehoming Bailey, Erin found out that he wasn’t getting along with the older woman’s other cat. The older woman had decided to rehome Bailey once again, and Erin leaped at the opportunity to take him back. Thankfully, it was winter break.
“I plotted for a month to convince my parents to let me keep him. Mom finally gave in. Dad never said yes but I won and got my way,” Erin told Love Meow.
Soon enough, Erin was pregnant with a child. She noticed that Bailey loved snuggling up on her pregnant belly and hoped that he would accept his new baby sister. Erin was concerned “But it was love at first sight, and I captured some darling photos of her as a newborn with him,” Erin told Love Meow.
Bailey and Abby had an immediate bond. Wherever Abby went, Bailey was nearby. He would

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.511303
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for a fun sidekick for your next adventure? Do you enjoy hiking, road trips and snuggling on the sofa? If so, Bailey is your perfect gal pal. She is smart, sassy, and a steadfast companion, especially if you have a slice of pizza in your hand. Bailey is great in the house – completely house trained and trust-worthy around your sneakers. In her former foster home, Bailey quickly learned the routine and even put herself in her crate when it was time for the human to go to work. Bailey also rides great in the car and isn’t bothered by strange noises or even strange people. In fact, Bailey enjoys making friends with ALL the humans and loves the kids she has met so far. She is less happy about meeting other dogs, so is looking to be the solo canine in her new home. She wants you to know, though, that with her extraordinary ears and miniature mohawk, she is ALL the dog you will ever need!
To meet Bailey at an adoption event, please e-mail her foster at scdubyk@gmail.com.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.483812
Retrieved Text: St. Louis, MO – August 26, 2016 – Five Chesterfield area girls—Anna Casey, Bailey Becker, Aparna Kasinadhuni, Allison Licavoli and Lili Hostetler—earned the Girl Scout Gold Award this year by completing unique community service projects.
For her Gold Award project, Anna Casey, a 2016 graduate of Lafayette High School, sought to instill a love of reading in children in her area. She organized a team of 10 high schoolers to visit a second-grade class at Green Pines Elementary School one morning every other week. The older students read with the younger students, and helped them create A to Z books. Casey also coordinated a book drive, collecting almost 900 books for Our Little Haven, a residential care facility for children. She said she plans to pursue a career in elementary education and enjoyed getting a glimpse into the field through this project.
Lafayette High School graduate Bailey Becker chose her Gold Award project after noticing an overgrown trail at a retirement facility near her home. Becker, who is attending Missouri State University in Springfield, said she never saw residents using the path or nearby bench at Gambril Gardens Retirement Community. She removed the invasive honeysuckle that had overtaken the trail, and reinforced the bridge. Becker also coordinated with a licensed arborist, who gave a presentation to the residents about area trees and plans.
Allison Licavoli has always loved math, and drew inspiration for her Gold Award project from an experience tutoring a younger student in the subject. A senior at Marquette High School, Licavoli designed Mathtastic Resources for Elementary

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: Context: Sydney had so much pent up emotion, they burst into tears at work.

Question: How would Sydney feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: affected

B: like they released their tension

C: worse

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.955826
Retrieved Text: The popular couple made a big impression within the close-knit Dock 5 community since buying an apartment via the internet in 2005 and finally moving in February 2007.
The South Africans love their Docklands home but they also share a passion for excitement and have ventured to Lesotho as Christiaan takes on the role of financial director of leading African telco Vodocom.
Linda explained that Christiaan had represented Vodocom in Nigeria and Congo and his previous employer had recently phoned with the Lesotho offer which was “too good to refuse”.
The Bothas decided in 2001 to seek permanent residency in Australia. It wasn’t until December 2004 that they first set foot in Australia. After a whirlwind tour of Melbourne, Sydney and Cairns, they fell in love with Melbourne and bought their Dock 5 home.
It wasn’t until their Nigerian sojourn came to an end in August 2006 that they were able to make plans to move to Docklands.
Linda said they were smitten when they finally walked into their apartment on February 24, 2007.
Christiaan found work with Jetstar and Linda joined Recoveries Corporation.
Their goal of becoming Australian citizens was finally achieved in May this year. Linda said she had been counting the days and when the woman at the Immigration Department counter casually told her their application was successful, she burst into tears.
“From the day we decided, it took us nine years to get citizenship. The emotion was overwhelming,” she said.
Linda will miss her Docklands friends and, in particular, the Dock 5 Girls Night In Book Club. A highlight of her

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.722036
Retrieved Text: I'm going to say something here that I've admitted to few people. Sometimes I cry in the shower.
If you see me in a public setting or come to me for a session, rarely will I allow anger, fear or sadness to overtake me. Most often at those times I will endeavor to push through whatever unsettling emotion I am experiencing so that I am better able to serve the Greatest Good.
That doesn't mean, however, that I don't deal with those emotions at a later and more appropriate time.
Most often, that time is in the shower where my tears may flow freely while I am releasing any pent-up feelings. It also prevents my skin from burning if I am crying out of frustration or anger. You see, any tears I shed out of frustration or anger literally burn the skin on my face.
We are, at times, exposed to experiences that bring up deep emotions that must be released so they do not harm our biological and physical systems. It is vital that we learn how to deal with those emotions in the way that suit us best. And, for me, that is why sometimes I cry in the shower.
thank you for sharing a very private part of yourself Wanda.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.465605
Retrieved Text: A glittering bombardment of fabulous full colour photos and hands-on very nuts and bolts documentation of 15 years of massive collaborative work.
I am gobsmacked at every turn of your book… The brilliant audacity of everything you have done!
I have just this moment opened the parcel. It looks fabulous,and on the first page is a picture of the Zoque which I remember taking one balmy evening. Look forward to browsing through it with a Mammoth supply of Malibu and pineapple.
Saturday morning, collect parcel, open it, look at first-page dedication, cry. Outside the post office. Thanks bastards. Apart from that it all looks and reads amazing/ly. You are very creative and talented people.
Thank you so much for the beautiful book. Its uplifting (ha ha) and moving. Wow! You guys were, and still are, awesome.
Really amazing stuff in there.
Oh, what a joy to read everybody’s words and perspective, what a well-rounded memoir this has become. The artistic, the practical, the personal, the societal, the academic, it’s all there. So many voices. So many beautiful pages. I shall henceforth browse with a twinkle and some peepee in my eye, show it proudly and recommend it like crazy.
Yes yes yes it arrived, absolutely love it, what a great piece of work.
I’d only got about three pages in & had grinned, laughed then burst into tears as so many great memories flooded back… am loving the book for itself as a fabulous document of amazing times, work and people as well as the flashbacks to the beauty, smell & emotion of the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.73773
Retrieved Text: But it isn't really about Christmas, and it's certainly not terribly happy, and when I cued up the version by Madeleine Peyroux and k.d. lang, my sister burst into tears and I had to turn it off.
So, I'm not entirely sure why I'm including it at all, except that that Peyroux/lang cover is gorgeous.
Me being me, I had to poke around on the tubes. Despite finding a Washington Post article titled How a ‘thoroughly depressing’ Joni Mitchell song became a Christmas classic, I am still rather mystified. It seems awfully reductive to assign a song to the Christmas canon simply because it mentions Christmas.
But I am embracing the flow of that frozen river.
I love Robert Downey Jr.'s version. The holiday season magnifies every emotion, including melancholy and heartache, and so I like the sad songs as well as the "beautiful" ones.
I've always liked the Indigo Girls cover.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.452663
Retrieved Text: The boys had a huge yet expected meltdown as we so cruelly tore them away from Deanna Rose Children's Farmstead this past Saturday, where we had attended a friend's birthday party. While buckling them into their seats, they were both fake-crying at the top of their little lungs and causing quite a noise.
Dad said to them, "Wow - you guys are great actors. You should go to Hollywood."
The crying immediately ceased, their interest piqued. Anyplace but home had to be better.
"We want to go to Hollywood!"
J: N, stop telling me your questions! You're driving me nuts!
The scene: Riding in the van with Daddy on the way to swim at the YMCA.
N: Look Daddy! (Pointing out the window.) That's my yellow house! That's where me and my friend Davin work.
Daddy: Oh, uh, okay. So what do you and Davin do when you work?
N: We play video games. But Davin only has one controller so we have to share.
Last night's soccer match was a success! With the starting whistle, N was on the field like a flash. He ran up and down the field, elbowing his fellow pre-schoolers out of his path. He kicked, he dribbled, he passed (albeit unintentionally). He did not score. Oh well. His one complaint: "Mommy, the other kids aren't sharing!"
J, on the other hand. Oh J.
J did not want to participate at all - much like last week's game. He stood with me on the sidelines as I jumped and cheered like a freaking maniac for my other soccer monster out on the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.200365
Retrieved Text: Tears do not come easy for me, even when they should. This week, I wanted to cry a few times, but the tears wouldn't come. Emotion bottled up inside of me and caused me issues, and I just wish they would come out in tears, but often I find that my release comes through the pen.
I still remember, as I was going through a very difficult time in my life, writing The Destiny of a Galaxy. So many emotions got poured into that book, even though very little of that book reflects what was really going on in my heart. However, I still remembering being in the middle of editing one of the chapters the book and finding myself weeping. There is still something about that chapter (chapter 16, for those of you who wanted to know) that evokes deep, bitter-sweet emotion within me. While that book holds the deepest of emotional connections, it is not the only one.
Adventures and Adversities explored and answered much of the doubt I was feeling at the time I was writing it.
Joseph of Arimathea was a victory celebration over my doubt.
One of my latest posts here on courage was the outpouring of a lot of emotion.
What is a book that has made you cry, or what book have you written that holds many of your tears?
I think the one book that has actually made me cry was Rainbow Garden by Patrica St John. The book I have written that has the most tears in it is Danger in the Distance

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.518797
Retrieved Text: If I hypothetically asked you to think of a person who was being ‘really emotional’ what kind of characteristics do you think of?
Do you get a mental image of someone who is incredibly happy, immensely grateful, amused or inspired?
Probably not… If you’re like most people, it’s the exact opposite spectrum of emotion that comes to mind.
In our society today there tends to be an underlying assumption that emotions are negative, and more specifically that crying is weakness, and something that is meant to be hidden, controlled or suppressed.
But really, tears hold a special kind of power to cleanse your mind, reconnect the head and heart and realign you with the power of your soul.
And yet today, tears are commonly seen as a form of weakness, as being ‘childish’ or giving into negativity.
Here is a slightly different perspective on crying.
Crying is healthy… On both an emotional, spiritual, and physical level.
The first time I really connected with the Archangels, and Jesus in the channeling space, I was so overwhelmed with the immense love of their presence, that although there was a message for me there, I couldn’t speak it.
My vibration was too low, there was too much pain energy in my heart, and so while I knew there was a message to share, I opened my mouth to speak, and all that came out was tears.
At the time, I was embarrassed and it felt like a failure… This wasn’t at home in a private place, I was in a class and there were about 12 people sitting there

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.454315
Retrieved Text: If you’re feeling even remotely emotional today, you might want to grab a tissue right now; these photos are guaranteed to have your eyes streaming.
When Tearra Suber got married recently, one member of her family was so proud that he couldn’t help but burst into tears upon seeing her. But it wasn’t her dad, brother, or even groom -- rather, her six-year-old son, Bryson.
"Bryson was the son of the bride and groom. As everyone stood up and waited for the bride to come down the aisle, he started expressing so much emotion. I was solo shooting this wedding and this moment was difficult because I was secretly bawling behind the camera and had to prioritize this moment over the bride coming down the aisle. Yes, I got both photos, but I knew this moment was THE moment."
Minutes later, Woo managed to grab some shots of Bryson waving and charming the guests.
Suber credited Woo for taking the pictures on her own Facebook account, and shared her own sweet memories from the wedding day.
“As I stood at the other end of this very aisle, I too cried immensely!” she wrote. “Gazing at the crowd of family and friends, my very gorgeous wedding party standing beautiful and sharp!!
“My King standing tall, handsome, and defiant!! Waiting for ME!!... Talk about butterflies!!!
Hundreds of wellwishers have since rushed to comment on the social media post and share their appreciation for the pictures and moment.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.194426
Retrieved Text: Todd and Jeff had had enough of the city. Todd was a high-flying marketing executive “living the classic city lifestyle of hard work and even harder play”. He lived with Jeff, who worked for a cancer charity, in an apartment overlooking Elizabeth Bay in Sydney with all of Maggie Beer’s cookbooks.
The couple socialized with best friend Mel and her husband Jesus (pronounced hey-zeus) and after a disastrous holiday in the Barossa Valley, Todd and Jeff decided that they could do much better. They also realized that Sydney wasn’t the only place on the planet that they could be happy.
Well, Todd suggests that you could insert a subtitle to this not-so-perfect tree change – “How two gay guys bought a hundred acres and thought they could manage with an electric mower and a pair of garden shears”.
It is such a marvelous story of how they supported each other and had the support of an army of friends to turn their dream into a reality. I loved every moment of how they learnt from their many mistakes and never lost sight of the dream “that was to require more blood, sweat and tears than they could possibly have imagined”. By the way, Maggie Beer loved the book as well.
There is so much humour and heart to this journey that you might even want to pay a visit to Todd and Jeff’s boutique vineyard and chalets at Block Eight in the Hunter Valley. Catch up with their adventurous tree change with this book and check out their website for

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.089148
Retrieved Text: This is the result of some of the discussions regarding Strife and my recent article. Since I do not believe in just complaining when you can be constructive, here is what we came up with.
1) Remove Strife as an HP system. Strife does not accumulate. Remove the mechanics which relate to it building up or being lowered. We will find out what to do with those later, but that is step one.
2) Strife now works like it does on Spell Technique checks, except on everything. So long as you are keeping no more than 2 Strife on a roll, you are fine.
3) If you keep 3 or more Strife on a roll, you become Compromised. Your character shows emotion slightly, just a crack in their demeanor. Maybe they close a door harder than intended. Maybe they shed a tear while trying to be sincere. Maybe they become visibly angry on the field of battle.
4) There are no inherent penalties or benefits to being Compromised, mechanically. You are just showing some emotion, which could be a loss of Glory or Honor in the wrong setting. However, there are Techniques and Schools which focus on this. Matsu Berserkers and Ikoma Bards love getting Compromised, as they use their emotions to power their schools. Bayushi Courtiers can tear you apart if you get Compromised around them in court. But beyond things keyed to it, being Compromised does not impair the character’s skill. It just might be shameful and potentially vulnerable.
5) Restoring your On takes an Action which does not

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.860249
Retrieved Text: While conducting a private psychic reading, face to face with my client, I asked her who the man was building up in the distance. This man called Robert was walking towards me carrying a folded up travel rug. I could not think why he was drawing our attention to the blanket he was carrying, then suddenly the lady sitter said “it cant be Robert because he was a cripple when he passed over, but he did always insist on his favourite rug to cover his legs while in his wheelchair”. Robert the crippled man walks back from the Spirit Realms.
All other blankets itched through his trousers she said and we giggled at this, but then the realization dawned that Robert had actually walked back from the spirit realms and onto my wave length to let me see he had full use of his legs now and no longer needed the cherished travel rug, which he had folded up so carefully and handed to me.
The giggling soon ended and myself and the client just burst into tears at the subtle message conveyed to us and also the intense emotion all three of us felt, and I do mean Robert too was feeling tearful but elated.
It is not unusual for a psychic medium to pick up on the intense emotions we feel when communicating with spirit people and there loved ones. I keep tissues handy at all psychic readings I conduct. It is not all boo hoo! and depressing in content, as some psychic readings can be a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.554478
Retrieved Text: Go Ahead & Have A Good Cry, It’s Good For You!
Most of us cry when we are happy, sad, inspired, angry, melancholy, over an event, over a loss and for many other varied reasons. However, all tears are not equal. There was a study completed with a control group of 100 people. They were divided into two groups. Fifty people watched a very funny, tears-of laughter type movie the other 50 watched a very sad and tears of compassion type movie.
At the end of the sessions researchers collected the “happy tears” and the “sad tears” with eye droppers. They found that “happy tears” are made up of brine which is basically salt water. However, the “sad tears” were found to contain the chemicals and enzymes that are found in tumors, ulcers and other lumps which create sickness throughout the body.
This test concluded that the body, when crying because of sadness, is literally flushing out all of the toxic-chemicals that accumulate and are a part of the sadness/heartache experience. So it seems that if you hold back tears which have a strong emotion attached to it, those toxic-waters will find somewhere else to deposit themselves and a holding-back of crying-release will guarantee that the body will accumulate large amounts of toxicity that could have been released through the tears.
Other studies have discovered that if the crying is happening out of “protest”, meaning you do not accept a loss or situation, then there is no soothing, comfort or release from the tears because the resistance and anger continues

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.283442
Retrieved Text: When my friends experience something that grips their heart and changes who they are, I want to be a part of it. I want to hold and take in a morsel of the love that has overwhelmed them.
Today I went over to Becca's house to wrap my arms around her newest little girl, Paige Marie. Just as I was walking into the room to hold some newborn sweetness, I was pleasantly interrupted by Jocelyn. I got down on my knees to congratulate her on being a big sister. I wasn't expecting the emotion I had at that moment; but it was good, it was sweet. With Jocelyn's arms squeezed tight around my neck, I buried my face in her hair and began to cry. My tears were happy. They were proud tears. My mind raced ahead of time and thought about how much Paige needed Jocelyn and how much Jocelyn would need her little sister. I thought about the beautiful relationship that would blossom before my eyes.
Today I walked into a home that has so much love for their girls. They have been transformed three times over, and it is beautiful to watch.
It's hard to imagine that two weeks ago little Paige was wrapped up inside of her mamas belly.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.236902
Retrieved Text: I could always tell when my maternal grandfather was upset or didn’t agree with something that was being said. “Oh, for cryin’ out loud!” was his standard response. Yet, for the hundreds of times I heard him use the phrase I don’t ever recall actually seeing my grandfather shed a tear.
I watched my father endure severe cuts and bruises, lose his job, suffer physical and financial hardships and even the deaths of close friends and family members without tearfulness. Such a show of emotion was unacceptable to him. I can only guess when he learned not to cry.
The infants have never let me down. The guarantees have held true with each new arrival. Only as the infant turns into a toddler and the toddler becomes a child does he or she learn that spontaneous crying is to be discouraged. “You’re a big boy now, and big boys don’t cry,” the young man is told. “Don’t be such a baby,” the girl is admonished. Slowly the tears dry up and a progressively greater stimulus is needed to trigger them. In some cases they stop forever.
Human beings are designed to cry. I was taught the anatomy of the lacrimal glands and ducts in medical school. Knowing the anatomy of the tear apparatus and understanding the mechanisms that cause them to flow are two very different things, however. I don’t recall every hearing a lecture on the benefits of crying, nor do I recall seeing an article in a peer-reviewed journal on the subject. This is unfortunate, for tears

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.046913
Retrieved Text: When I was co-pastor at St. Paul’s United Methodist Church in Nyack, I asked my daughter Debbie to come and teach some of the children in the Sunday School how to make some greeting cards with stamps.
At the time Debbie was doing “Stampin’ Up” and had a whole selection of rubber stamps.
We had five or six children of various ages and Debbie got them going and they were all having fun, when suddenly a little girl burst into tears.
Debbie said, “What happened?” and the little girl said, “I ruined it.” Debbie said, “Show me what you meant to do.” The little girl told her about the mistake she had made—she was still on the edge of tears.
Oh, I needed to hear that and I’ve thought of it when I run into roadblocks or what seem like roadblocks—just work it!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.966526
Retrieved Text: Proud mother watches rower Maria Sol Ordas claim the first home gold medal of Buenos Aires 2018, 18 years after missing out on the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games because she was pregnant with her.
Dolores Amaya had qualified for the single sculls event at the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games when she found out she was pregnant and that the baby would be due in the middle of the competition. Eighteen years later, the story came full circle as Maria Sol Ordas, Amaya’s daughter, claimed Argentina’s first gold medal at the Youth Olympic Games, in the junior women’s single sculls at Puerto Madero on Wednesday.
As the home favourite and supported by raucous fans, Ordas began the day with a confident victory in the semifinals, but struggled in the gold medal race. Elin Lindroth (SWE) set the pace from the start, and it was only in the final 100 metres that Ordas took the lead. As soon as she crossed the line, she raised her hands and burst into tears.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.953747
Retrieved Text: Thirty students from all the PPS high schools rocked the Mission Theater during the first city-wide slam poetry competition, Verselandia! Three students from each school (who had won their school’s playoffs) had three minutes each to perform an original poem. Names were drawn at random from a fishbowl and a panel of five judges held up scorecards after each performance.
This was no poetry reading. With a rowdy crowd, an energetic host (the fantastic Anis Mojgani, whose performances on YouTube can bring people to tears), and students with impressive stage presence, it was an entertaining evening. But beyond that, the amount of heart each poet put into their work–including every messy emotion a person can feel–often moved the audience to their feet. There were tales of roller derby bravery, explanations of the perks of dating a nerd, and one student even asked another student to prom.
After the first round, the fifteen students with the highest scores performed a second piece. Then while the judges tallied the scores, Anis Mojgani performed two poems. For all the performances, the audience listened in pin-drop silence, gasped, murmured in agreement, and burst into applause.
Finally, five winners were selected. The two runners-up received $250 gift cards to NorthFace and the three winners received iPads. (Thanks to our generous sponsors!) Congratulations to not only the five winners, but to every student who took the stage at the Mission and who participated in the school slams at Benson, Cleveland, Franklin, Grant, Jefferson, Lincoln, Madison, Metropolitan Learning Center, Roosevelt, and Wilson high schools. We’re already

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.932053
Retrieved Text: Crying Man 4, the subject of Lyndal Jones' residency at Artspace in 2005, will involve live-mixing of text and images to be responsive to viewer presence.
TEARS FOR WHAT WAS DONE (2002–2005) is a new series of photographic works, interactive video installations and other more sculptural works that focuses on the manifestation of emotion and the ways it is culturally represented.
This work offers an image of one man; middle class, western, Anglo-Saxon, in his forties, wearing suit and tie. A man at an apparently most public moment, struggling with strong emotion.
The viewer becomes audience to this. There is no background that could anchor the tears in a particular incident, no words spoken that could explain the situation, no music to manipulate our emotions or our actions. We are free to watch him cry, to stop him or to leave.
Crying Man 1 was the pivotal work for a number of elaborations that have continued to explore Jones' fascination with the idea that expression of emotion (and its refusal) are engendered and encultured within both artwork and viewer.
Crying Man 2 (Perth, 2003) locates a reason for tears within the framework of the ecological disaster of the wheat belt.
And Crying Man 3: He Must Not Cry allows us to watch closely a number of men struggling to hold back tears. This has been shown as a single screen video and is being developed as a multi projection installation.
All of the Crying Man works utilise chroma key technology in different ways.
Crying Man 4, the subject of Lyndal Jones' residency at Artspace

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.918022
Retrieved Text: writing to reach you*: hear you me.
it's been a hard few days. so if you read this just pray for me!
we have been hosting this conference called Grandparents University at Holmes Hall since yesterday. It is basically this really cool thing, where grandparents bring their grandkids to MSU and experience the college life. they stay in dorms, eat cafe food and go to classes scheduled all around campus.
my grandma and grandpa duffey have both passed away now. my grandpa had Parkinson's disease since the year before i was born and it finally claimed his life last May 2008. my grandma died the year before him, March 2007, after deteriorating rapidly within 5 years; dying with Alzheimer's and a few years of Parkinson's under her belt as well.
they were awesome and i know they would have really loved being involved in this conference! it has just been hard seeing all these grandparents all over the place. i just really loved them and wish i still had some chances to spend time with them. i keep tearing up on the job and just need prayer that i don't burst into awkward, unnecessary tears while at work!
take time to tell your family members how much you love them! this time is precious.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.872044
Retrieved Text: Ok, so I’ve always been fairly sanguine about The Teenager leaving home.
I felt so proud that he was becoming more independent and ready to take the next step in life.
Likewise, I had never felt that as a mother, I’d lost my identity or a sense of who I was underneath the daily child-rearing.
So when I waved him, his tent and an early entry pass off to the Reading Festival on Wednesday morning, I was fine. I went to work. I came home. I tripped over the cat. The usual. I made dinner. Then I burst into tears.
A wave of emotion punched me smack in the solar plexus. This was it. 18 years, done. Finito.
It wasn’t so much the empty house; this has been happening with increasing regularity over the last year. It wasn’t the reduced shopping order I put in with Tesco, devoid of crisps, gallons of milk and cereal bars. It wasn’t even the thought of having a full night’s sleep, without one ear listening out for the key in the front door in the early hours of the morning.
It was simply the realisation that my role in his first 18 years is finished. 18 years as a definitively single parent, the last six of which were clouded with MS, has been the best of times and the worst of times. As it has ended, I can see now that no matter how prepared I think I am, there is without doubt a sense of finality and a period of adjustment.
Perhaps it’s because everything has

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.672184
Retrieved Text: Today was really odd. I felt quite a lot of pain this morning in the dodgy knee, but after a bit of stretching and walking about, it soon loosened off. Went down to see the physios and got a great taping job done, and was in a pretty good state of mind to have a decent run.
Anyway, I started, and my legs hurt and I was tired and grouchy. The painkillers I'd taken didn't seem to make any difference and I didn't seem to be warming up. I got to the water station at 2.5 miles, and still felt rubbish...but what you can do...you've just got to get on with it. I still didn't really want to talk to anyone though :( On I went, and soon the painkillers kicked in...and what a difference it made. Although I wasn't entirely pain free, to be able to run relatively freely was such a welcome change. The weather was lovely too! Neither though improved my mood, and by about 6.5 miles I was running along in tears! Why???? No idea...but I was overcome with emotion about who knows what and spent the rest of the day trying to control myself and just get the job done.
I carried on, still feeling pretty strong, and once I realised that I might be on for a sub 4:30 I decided that was going to be the aim of the day. I managed to finish in 4:27 which is my fastest Windermere marathon, but couldn't even look at anyone when I crossed

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.563015
Retrieved Text: When Valentine’s Day rolls around, you’ve got to have heart. Traditionally, it comes as a box of chocolates – something most of us don’t need — accompanying a burst of beautiful blooms.
But we are talking about a different sort of heart, especially if you celebrate by loving yourself. And it starts with a trip to your chiropractor.
• We live in a stressful world and all that pent-up emotion doesn’t do us any good. Just the opposite: it triggers a fight-or-flight response that can raise our blood pressure, tie our muscles into knots and send our heart racing … all the things that spell trouble. Chiropractic care not only eases muscle tension, but, by aligning the spine, enables the central nervous system to better deliver messages from the brain to receptors throughout the body. And when you are operating at peak performance, it can release the feel-good hormones that make you feel like celebrating!
• In addition to adjusting your spine, your chiropractor has probably stressed the importance of exercise and a nutrition-rich diet in reaching well-being. A sedentary lifestyle is often called our generation’s tobacco, and you can offset it with preventative measures that protect your heart. It is, after all, a muscle, and these aren’t anything you haven’t heard from your primary care physician already. Begin by restoring flexibility, range of motion and balance with the help of your chiropractor, and follow it up with a new routine at home.
• This is a good time to initiate a cooperative effort with your medical physician and chiropractor.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.54396
Retrieved Text: "By and by," says the Rev. George Davidson of Latheron, "they found their way to our meetings and took part in them. Hitherto there had been no violent demonstrations, though a good deal of subdued feeling was manifested by tears and sighs, but soon several became so affected as to relieve their pent-up feelings in loud cries and fervent prayers for mercy and pardon, and this, too, from night to night, for now the meetings had become nightly and often continued till morning. Many of both sexes were wont to stand up in rapid succession as if under an irresistible impulse and to utter the most earnest and fervent supplications, both for themselves and others, so that it was with difficulty that order could be maintained. The violent agitation only lasted for a few nights during which there were some cases of prostration and fainting. Afterwards, matters assumed a more quiet and edifying appearance and the work went on calmly and agreeably." The movement soon embraced the villages of Lybster, Dunbeath, and Berriedale.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.43174
Retrieved Text: I suddenly pitied my father, tears flowing out of emotion.
I left our country piloting my plane to the sea.
I did not know it was the last goodbye for ever to say!
You wished each drop of blood to return to your heart.
Anxiously fearing a “killed in action” notice to see.
I wanted to cry but burst out laughing madly in woe.
And have neither fulfilled citizen obligations so yearned.
Days after days only to think of means of sustentation.
So that times I compress my lips blood to ooze to bind.
You must try to become useful through your life’s span!
About living in exile while nurturing the hope of return.
My hair has turned grey but the ocean is still vast.
Now replanted in a foreign region, how hard to steady!
For me to get back to find a sheltering place!
For fear of bursting into tears mixed with blood stain.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.350426
Retrieved Text: My Reflection is a passive item.
Isaac's tears travel a short distance, then reverse direction and return to Isaac.
The tears are constantly pulled towards Isaac; if Isaac moves after shooting, the tears will always return to him.
Anti-Gravity -2 Tear Delay. Tears float in position until firing ceases, after which they will fly off in the direction they were shot in.: The tears will slowly move towards Isaac instead of remaining stationary. Releasing the fire button will launch the tears as usual.
Brimstone Tears are replaced by a laser beam that pierces through all enemies and obstacles in its path and deals high damage. Can only be fired after a short charge-up period.: Overrides My Reflection.
Makes the beam curve when moving. Has the same effect on Azazel's mini-brimstone and doubles the range.
Continuum +2.25 Range Up. +1.5 Tear Height. Isaac's tears travel through walls and appear out of the opposite wall. Isaac's tears also travel over rocks and objects.: If tears cross the border of the room, they will move towards Isaac from their new position rather than crossing back across the border.
Compound Fracture Increases range. Tears turn into bones, which shatter into 1-3 bone shards upon hitting an enemy or obstacle./ The Parasite Isaac's tears split in two when they hit something./ Cricket's Body Grants -1 Tear Delay and reduces Range. When tears hit an object or deplete their range, they spawn 4 smaller tears, whose Range and Damage scale with Isaac's.: Split tears will move towards Isaac.
Dr. Fetus Tears are replaced by bombs that benefit from bomb-enhancing effects

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.331333
Retrieved Text: Cadet's mum has urged his fans not to keep "pent up anger" inside them at a tribute event to his life. Fans gathered in Hyde Park in central London to release balloons to celebrate the 28-year-old on Sunday.The rapper was the passenger in a taxi when he died in a car crash on Saturday morning.His mum said her son's life was "not in vain" and she was proud that he'd been able to influence so many people to achieve their goals.Speaking to the crowd, she said: "I'm so proud that his music has touched you in whatever way, enough for you to come out.
"It gives me so much pleasure."
The rapper from south London, whose real name was Blaine Cameron Johnson, was on the way to a gig at Keele University in Staffordshire when he died.His mum said her son had been able to touch people's lives and "influence you to do and achieve whatever you want to".She added: "I need you men to express yourselves, express your feelings. If it's not to your mothers, to somebody. "Don't keep pent up anger inside you. It's not good. You become anger and anger portrays others things. Release it, even if it's in tears or whatever."I want peace and harmony."Cadet's cousin Krept - of rap duo Krept and Konan - also spoke at the memorial and urged fans to resolve any issues they have with loved ones.He and Cadet had fallen out when they were younger but had made up and had recently worked together.
"I am so glad that

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.24332
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 09:49:22 pm at 04/25/2019 09:49:22 pm in We Are Bleach.
we are bleach bleach is healthy its mostly water and were mostly water therefore we are bleach matts review for black star pastry cbd sydney on zomato.
so unlucky we are bleach wiki fandom powered by wikia so unlucky we are, therefore we are bleach youtube therefore we are bleach, bleach is healthy its mostly water and were mostly water therefore advice bleach and water bleach is healthy its mostly water and, we have milk and we have bleach undecided voters at home gosh i don memes bleach and home we have milk and we have bleach undecided voters, bleach is healthy its mostly water and were mostly water bleach is healthy its mostly water and were mostly water therefore we are bleach, professional fangirl omg this scene i had to , we are taught to never shed tears for to shed tears means that the we are taught to never shed tears for to shed tears means that the body has been defeated by emotion and to us that simple act of crying proves , rathenmedus explore rathenmedus on deviantart gamerdruid metalbleach by gamerdruid, how to do a bleach bath hair at home the complete guide , do you want to be blonde we are looking are still looking for span classlightdospan you want to, bleach is mostly water and were mostly water therefore we are savor the peelies.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.224085
Retrieved Text: I ordered this arrangement for my Mum for Mother's Day and had it delivered on Mother's Day. I was really surprised you were even delivering on the Sunday! My Mum absolutely loved the flowers. She saw them and burst into tears because they were so lovely. Thank you very much. I'm a returning customer and will definitely be using your services again!
Click the button below to add the Yasmine to your wish list.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.127855
Retrieved Text: I remember hearing this tale for the first time as a child and thinking these two people were pretty stupid, but over the years I have come see see that their love and loyalty for each other is what caused them to act the way they did.
After reading this story, reflect with your Scouts about the couple’s loyalty; ask them to list the things that showed they were loyal to each other.
One dollar and eighty-seven cents. That was all. That’s all Della Dillingham Young had to buy a present for her beloved husband, Jim. And the next day was Christmas. Faced with such a situation, Della burst into tears on the couch, which gives the narrator the opportunity to tell us a bit more about the situation of Jim and Della. They live in a shabby flat and they’re poor. But they love each other and are loyal and devoted in every way.
Her hair examined, Della puts it back up and bundles up to head out into the cold. She leaves the flat and walks to Madame Sofronie’s hair goods shop, where she sells her hair for twenty bucks. Now she has $21.87.
“Oh, and the next two hours tripped by on rosy wings. Forget the hashed metaphor. She was ransacking the stores for Jim’s present.
Della returned home and tried to make her now-short hair presentable with a curling iron. She wasn’t convinced Jim would approve, but she did what she had to do to get him a good present. When she finished with her hair, she

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.103214
Retrieved Text: Home › videos › Viral › Cop orders man out of his car and onto his knees. When she realizes what’s REALLY happening? OMG!
Cop orders man out of his car and onto his knees. When she realizes what’s REALLY happening? OMG!
This young lady was more than a little concerned when she and her boyfriend were asked to exit the vehicle during a routine traffic stop. She waits near the front of the car while the officer pats down her boyfriend. The officer finds something ‘suspicious’ in his pocket and orders the young man to get on his knees.
His girlfriend is so confused, angry, and concerned that she doesn’t see the marriage proposal coming. Overwhelmed with emotion, the beautiful young lady burst into tears as fear gives way to joy. They thanked their local Sheriff’s department for helping provide one of the most original engagement photo’s we’ve ever seen.

================



======= Instance Index 20 =========
Input Text: Context: Bailey took Taylor by surprise when she showed up on the same cruise.

Question: How would Bailey feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: excited

B: depressed

C: blue

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.89069
Retrieved Text: Delightful fast bowling from Shaun Tait, solid back-up medium-pace from Daniel Christian and a near-perfect chase from Daniel Harris and Michael Klinger, who continues to cling onto the golden bat with his third match-winning fifty in three games, took South Australia Redbacks to the semi-finals of the Champions League.
For about 25 overs, this had everything a Twenty20 game should have. Tait's pace like fire, sensational fielding, Ross Taylor's counter-punching, Tait's comeback to get Taylor, Dillon du Preez's stunner in the second half of the innings, some more special fielding, and Christian's three-wicket last over. Dale Steyn and Praveen Kumar followed it up with a spirited defence, but the South Australia openers played sensibly, taking sharp singles and getting occasional boundaries. Once South Australia had kept the opening seamers wicketless, Royal Challengers Bangalore's bowling became progressively looser, misfields and dropped catches found their way in and the last 100 runs were a cruise in the heavy Durban breeze.
Tait set up the night beautifully. He didn't quite burn the speed gun, but bowled quick enough and got disconcerting bounce from deliveries fuller than bouncers. Manish Pandey top-edged a quick back-of-a-length ball in his first over, and an inside edge to a surprise full toss saved Rahul Dravid in his second. In between those overs, Callum Ferguson accounted for Robin Uthappa with a diving catch at cover-point even as all eyes had moved to the square boundary.
Taylor, though, seemed to be playing a different game, racing along to 46 off 26 out of a team total of 62 by

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.430902
Retrieved Text: Leakes has carried a grudge against Moore and Bailey’s friendship for the longest time, and fans have been largely kept in the dark about it. But on the aftershow, Leakes finally explained why she has problems with Bailey acting like Moore is suddenly her best friend. The RHOA explained how she always makes time for her friends, despite her busy schedule, and how Moore only calls when it is convenient for her.
According to Bravo TV, Leakes also did not appreciate how Moore was invited to the event. Leakes believes that Moore only showed up because she heard she was skipping out. Leakes is not sure how the word got out, but she remembers discussing ditching the party with her co-star, Marlo Hampton. She also thought that Bailey could have let her know that Moore was coming to the event, which would have lessened her surprise.
Following Leakes’ interview, Moore revealed how she was really invited to the party. The former RHOA star claimed that both Bailey and Kandi Burruss invited her to the event and had no idea she was coming until she made an appearance. Bailey also shared that she did not know Leakes would be so offended by the invite and admitted that she probably should have told her what was going on ahead of time.
Fortunately for fans, NeNe Leakes and Cynthia Bailey will have plenty of time to work out their differences during the Season 11 reunion.
Fans can watch the drama unfold when new episodes of the Real Housewives of Atlanta air Sunday nights

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.83814
Retrieved Text: Camila took to the stage wearing a Fleur du Mal strapless bustier top and black bottoms as she performed a number of her hits including Havana, Consequences and Bad Things. Halfway through the opening gig, Taylor invited Camila and Charli XCX back on stage to join her in singing Shake It Off. The trio showed off their in sync choreography as they sung the smash tune much to the delight of the crowd.
Leading up to the Reputation tour, Camila, who is also currently headlining her Never Be the Same Tour, expressed her excitement over teaming up with Taylor. “For me, it’s a dream come true. When I first met [Taylor] four years ago, I was like, ‘I really love you,'” she told Entertainment Tonight. “I was like, ‘Man, I really look up to you. You really inspire me.’ She was one of the people that made me wanna start songwriting, so it’s really amazing."

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.33785
Retrieved Text: That Taylor Swift is a doll, isn't she?! This weekend she stunned guests when she sang at a fan's wedding.
We wish we were there - we just get some lame wedding singer!
Tay-Tay performed a stripped down version of Blank Space when Max Singer tied the knot with Kenya Smith after months of co-ordinating the surprise appearance with the groom's sister Ali.
Video footage of the performance was shared by Gage Simmons, who wrote: "So Taylor swift showed up to my cousins wedding... #Surprised (sic)"
The bride's sister Ashley tweeted: "REMEMBER WHEN TAYLOR SWIFT CRASHED MY SISTER'S WEDDING (sic)"
And another guest shared a selfie with the star and wrote: "So @taylorswift13 just came to my cousins wedding (sic)"
In April Ali wrote to Taylor - who recently split from Calvin Harris after over a year of dating - to tell her about the death of her mother, how Max and Kenya had wed in hospital before she passed away so their mom wouldn't miss out on the big day, and the groom even danced with his sick parent to Blank Space.
Someone pass us the Kleenex.
'So it's gonna be forever' in watercolours with a floral circle.
Taylor herself shared a number of photos from the day, captioning one of herself with the bride and groom: "Third wheel"
She wrote alongside another: "Congratulations Max and Kenya!!"

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.212286
Retrieved Text: Upon our return from this particular cruise, I didn’t do much of a review of the ship itself. However, I can say that the ship was fine. We had connecting Promenade View Staterooms, which were very convenient because my mom and our two sons stayed next door, while my husband and I had some space to ourselves. It should be noted that Promenade View Staterooms are listed as double occupancy, but by calling Royal Caribbean and explaining our group’s dynamic, including the fact that our younger son was one-year-old at the time, and would have a Pack 'n Play to sleep in, Royal Caribbean was able to book three of us in the room given that one of three was a one-year-old. It may not be an option on every cruise, but it does not hurt to ask. After all, that’s how we learn things. I know that, as a mom, I teach my children that it’s ok to ask questions. I know that many other parents take the same approach, so if you’re one of those parents, let’s take our own advice on that. Therefore, if you’re wondering whether or not this is a possibility on your cruise, I suggest calling and speaking with either your travel agent or the cruise line directly.
This particular cruise was port-intensive, so our focus, as well as this review, was more on the ports than the ship.
(1) Amigo Tours in St. Maarten... we took their Beach Bum excursion to Orient Beach and Maho Beach. I've enjoyed airplane-watching since childhood...

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.838549
Retrieved Text: During the After Show, Teddi Mellencamp from #RHOBH responds to writer Roxane Gay's comment on a recent #WWHL that Teddi is her “Housewife nemesis.
Luann de Lesseps from #RHONY says whether she's dating these days and also announces that the lawsuit involving her kids has been dropped.
Cynthia Bailey from #RHOA expresses surprise that after so many years of friendship, she and Nene Leakes are no longer friends after just “one incident.
Scheana Shay tells a #WWHL viewer whether or not she ever hooked up with Jax Taylor or anyone else on “Vanderpump Rules,” and dishes on her ex.
Scheana Shay talks about castmate James Kennedy and whether or not he managed to stay sober through the entire season of “Vanderpump Rules.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.58808
Retrieved Text: I normally don’t write reviews, but I feel that my review might help other families make a better decision when chosen a vacation. Especially those whom value the health and the well-being of their families and loved ones. Some readers may find my review absurd and exaggerated but everything I will be mentioning in this review is true. We’re very easy-going people and not at all picky or complainers but this horrible experience is what prompted me to write this review. Please read it to the end and see the attached photos. We’ve been cruising and traveling for the past 20 years with many different cruise ship companies. The Anthem of the Seas was our 8th cruise with Royal Caribbean and most likely will be our last cruise with RC. Our first cruise with Royal Caribbean was onboard the Explorer of the Seas when it was a brand-new ship back in the early 2000’s. The difference between my first and last cruise with RC is like night and day! Royal Caribbean’s quality control, housekeeping, guest relations and overall services have dropped drastically over the past few years since our first cruise with them. Cabin: Upon entering my state room onboard, the Anthem of the Seas, I noticed a very strong human body odor. I picked up the blanket that’s on the bed and to my surprise the sheets were never changed from the previous guests! The sheets that are supposed to be white were a shade of yellow and filthy. I took a closer look and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.578997
Retrieved Text: Visitors who traveled more than 50 miles to Johnston County in 2014 spent $215 million, according to a recently released report.
The U.S. Travel Association prepares the study each year for Visit North Carolina, a unit of the public-private Economic Development Partnership of North Carolina. The report uses employment figures, sales tallies and industry data to estimate how much travelers spend on hotel stays, food, transportation, shopping and recreation.
Statewide, visitor spending saw an even greater increase of 5.5 percent to a record $21.3 billion, according to the report. In a ranking of North Carolina’s 100 counties, Johnston outperformed the pack by placing 29th in growth and 21st in total spending.
The Johnston County Visitors Bureau was aiming for 5-percent growth over 2013, and the staff is pleased to have realized that goal, said Donna Bailey-Taylor, the bureau’s executive director.
“Things are on a really healthy upswing,” she said.
Most visitors come to Johnston via Interstate 95, Bailey-Taylor said, and that corridor is home to 28 of the county’s 34 lodgings. That means Johnston’s main competitors are the other counties along I-95, she said, and Johnston grew faster than anyone else on that corridor.
Bailey-Taylor attributes some of those gains to a new billboard campaign the Visitors Bureau began in 2014. Located along I-95 from Dunn to Halifax County, the signs feature a uniform design that urges motorists to pull off at several exits in Johnston. Promoting exit numbers specifically instead of the county generally was a big step, Bailey-Taylor said, and it seems to have paid off.
The Girlfriend’s Getaway promotion also

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.471157
Retrieved Text: The Foundation Academy football team has rallied in support of Bailey Trinder who was in a serious automobile accident on September 6th, 2018.
When Bailey Trinder’s teammates heard he had been airlifted via helicopter from an automobile accident Sept. 6, the Foundation High football players struggled to cope with the news.
It was the same for everyone, especially the 17-year-old’s parents, Brian and Betsy Trinder, who met about 100 well-wishers at Orlando Regional Medical Center, where Bailey was taken by the rescue unit from the accident scene on a rural Lake County road.
Doctors needed to stabilize Bailey before any visitors were allowed and it was definitely a trying time for his parents.
Once they did begin to hear positive news, however, emotions began to turn hopeful. He would indeed make it through the night. The prognosis wasn’t everything they wanted to hear, but they said they still felt blessed.
Yes, Bailey would see another day, but there was still bad news. Doctors were unsure whether he would ever walk again.
Bailey Trinder, a junior at Foundation Academy in Winter Garden, was in a serious car accident on Sept. 6. The next night, players from Foundation Academy and Bradenton Christian honored Trinder by wearing his number when they took the field.
Those doctor’s words sparked immediate anger among his teammates, who had a game the night after the crash and decided Bailey would want them to play.
That anger was quelled a bit when Foundation opponent Brevard Christian showed up.
Coach Dan Fort, who once coached as a defensive coordinator at Foundation under current head

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.855478
Retrieved Text: Last week, Taylor Swift came to town for two nights as part of her Red tour! T-Swift is my absolute fave! I love following her love life, buying her CD's and singing her songs in the car. Max knows this and surprised me in 2011 with tickets to her Speak Now tour, which fell on my birthday (best husby ever!).
Moments before T-Swift made her appearance! She is seriously such the performer. Every second of the concert was amazing, as was singing and dancing along!
At some point during the concert, a security guard appeared next to me (I was the very last seat on the left in my row). I then noticed that there was a security guard posted at every single row, blocking off the aisle that separated the floor from the stadium seating (note the female guard at the row in front of me, stadium seating to the left). Hmmmm.
It didn't take long before we suspected that Taylor would be coming through the floor right next to us! She did something similar on her Speak Now tour, heading to the back to perform a few songs for the far away fans. To our delight, our suspicion was confirmed when a rope went off blocking the space where the security guards stood. Bailey and I were giddy with excitement! T-Swift would be inches away from us! In an instant, Taylor began her song 22 and was then hoisted onto the shoulders of her backup dancers. This was it! In my mind I pictured her coming through

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.784626
Retrieved Text: A surprise reunion following a year-long separation from loved ones can overwhelm even the most disciplined, battle-hardened Marine with emotion.
Gunnery Sgt. Chris Taylor recently returned from a year-long deployment in Afghanistan, and didn't expect to see any family members at his homecoming.
"Because he is stationed in California and our kids and I live in Maryland, he didn't think that anyone would be there when he returned. But I showed him!" wrote his wife, Sara Taylor, in the caption of a YouTube video she posted last month of their emotional reunion.
The video shows Taylor greeting his fellow servicemen, oblivious to the fact that his wife is nearby, practically in front of him. When he finally sees her, he puts a hand to his face and quietly starts crying as his wife comes forward to embrace him.
Taylor noted she wanted to turn the usual military homecoming story on its head.
"The media is full of military men and women surprising their families upon their return from deployment, but it is very rare to see a military member get surprised by their loved ones," she wrote.
Taylor ended the video with a message to her husband: "I will always be waiting for you."

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.686611
Retrieved Text: WESTERVILLE, Ohio - The Wilmington College women's track and field team had eight top-three finishes as the Fightin' Quakers took third place at the Ohio Athletic Conference (OAC) Split Meet hosted by Otterbein University on Friday evening.
Lauren Stacy threw 17.33-meters, nearly two meters past her seed, to not only take first-place in the weight throw but to break her own Wilmington record. Additionally, she earned first in the shot put from a toss of 12.70 meters.
Lisa Bailey earned the Quakers only other first-place finish of the evening. She jumped 4.79 meters in the long jump to claim her title.
Wilmington's only second-place finish came from Emma Burke in the 60-meter hurdles (9.83).
Burke and Bailey were joined by Brooklyn Payne and Miranda Gibson to form a 4-x-200-meter relay. The quartet finished third with a time of 1:56.03. The distance medley relay was made up by Allison Helmke, McKenzie Hamm, Taylor Wylie, and Kelly Rice. This group also earned third-place (14:54.58).
Cheyenne Rhodes earned the Quakers' only individual third-place finish of the meet by running a 1:35.74 in the 500-meter dash.
Wilmington will continue their season at the Cedarville Invitational on Friday, February 2.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.646118
Retrieved Text: On the night of April 11, 1919, Johnston County deputy sheriff John Alpheus “Alf” Wall of Wilders Township and at least two other officers were closing in on an illegal moonshine still. It was located in a wooded area behind the home of Iredell Wheeler in the Beulah township ten miles north of Selma and west of Micro. As many as seven men were at the site where a 125 gallon copper still had been set up just a day before.
The moonshiners had made a pact to kill anyone if necessary to protect the whereabouts of the still. As Deputy Wall, Deputy Walter Parrish and Deputy Massey made their way slowly through the woods, Wall stepped on a stick alerting the bootleggers someone was approaching. Two shots from a shotgun were fired. Wall was struck in the left side. He cried out that he had been shot. Deputy Wall was rushed to Rex Hospital where he died in the early morning hours of April 13, 1919.
The suspects all fled on foot after the shooting but were captured hours later. Four of the 7 men at the still who were linked to Deputy Wall’s murder were arrested and placed on trial. They were Spain Bailey, W.H. Hall, Clyde Rose and Charlie Morris.
At the request of the Board of Johnston County Commissioners, NC Governor Thomas Walter Bickett called for a special term of superior court in Johnston County in June 1919. All four men went on trial together. The trial lasted 6 days. The courthouse was overflowing with

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.322956
Retrieved Text: A college student who appealed to Twitter users to reunite her with a girl she met on a Hawaiian cruise in 2006 was reconnected with her long-lost ‘best friend’ in just 11 hours.
Brianna Cry, a student at Hampton University, who lives in Mississippi, shared an adorable snap of her and another young girl in floral outfits, taken on the Honolulu dinner cruise 12 years ago.
Brianna said the pair instantly became besties on the family trip and wanted to find out how she had been.
To Brianna’s surprise, her mysterious pal responded within hours with an image of her on the cruise that same night.
Meanwhile, Brianna alerted her followers she had located her long-lost bestie.
“Y’all I found her wt*! Twitter is literally amazing… Omg my heart is so happy,” she wrote.
“Bruhhh it’s been literal years since I was last on Twitter and the first thing I see is a search party for my a**,” aspiring Pharmacist Heidi joked.
The news that the pair had reconnected warmed the hearts of thousands of social media users around the world.
“Okaaaay!!!…I’m not being emotional, my eyes just a bit leaky,” another said.
“I honestly thought it would take at least a week to find her. The internet is so amazing and showed me that it is a small world after all,” she said.
Heidi, an aspiring pharmacist, tweeted that they will try to meet up, adding that the pair are now “homies”.
But the pair said they would need to save up before they could attempt a meet up.
The viral Twitter posts have sparked scores of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.302713
Retrieved Text: Eoin Morgan struck a brilliant 92 as England chased down 300 with 10 balls to spare to take the Royal London One-Day Series to a decider.
The England captain combined with Ben Stokes to get England back on track and then went through the gears in partnership with home favourite Jonny Bairstow to eat well into the target.
The hosts had a couple of scares after Morgan’s departure but Moeen Ali and the recalled David Willey kept their heads to take England to a thrilling three-wicket win in the fourth Royal London one-day international at Headingley.
Australia’s 299 for seven owed much to two big stands – the first worth 137 between Glenn Maxwell and George Bailey before Matthew Wade and John Hastings shared an unbeaten 84 for the eighth wicket.
By contrast, England’s reply contained key contributions from the majority of their batting line-up as Jason Roy, James Taylor, Stokes and Bairstow all passed 30.
England’s run-chase got off to a poor start as Alex Hales was trapped in front by Pat Cummins on nought but Taylor immediately stamped his authority on proceedings with a flurry of boundaries.
Roy got in on the act with successive fours off Hastings and then brought up the fifty partnership with a lovely straight drive off the same bowler.
The Surrey batsman was catching the eye with some stunning strokes but he went for one shot too many and looped a drive into the hands of Aaron Finch at mid-off to give Cummins his second wicket.
Taylor shelved his attacking instincts after Roy’s dismissal and he was

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.263315
Retrieved Text: Growing up in Columbus, Ohio, junior linebacker Markus Bailey was recruited by the Buckeyes but wasn't offered a scholarship.
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. – Markus Bailey played the questions straight down the middle.
Columbus, Ohio native. Grew up in the shadow of Ohio Stadium. He didn’t own a jersey. He didn't cheer for a famous Buckeye. He had a couple of OSU t-shirts because that’s what kids wear.
The presence of the Buckeyes consumes the state. It’s difficult to escape, probably more for an up-and-coming high school player seeking a scholarship to a Big Ten school.
Ohio State showed interest but didn’t offer. Columbus and the surrounding area is filled with talented players. Bailey wasn’t the only one who didn’t make the cut.
That was OK with Bailey. He wasn’t looking to become a hometown hero. He attended a couple of games, visited campus during a spring practice. He just wanted an opportunity to continue his education and play football.
“I wanted to get a D-1 offer,” the Purdue junior said. “You dream to go to a big-time school. I didn’t know I had the ability to play until I got my first offer and they started rolling in.
Saturday’s game is against the second-ranked Buckeyes. This is Bailey’s only chance in the regular season to face his hometown team. Is this a big deal to the 6-foot-1, 240-pound linebacker who is regarded as the best player on the defense, and maybe on the roster?
Of course, Bailey downplays the juicy storyline. That’s who he is and he’s not going to add any bulletin board

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.183485
Retrieved Text: Reports said that Katy Perry and Taylor Swift managed to avoid each other at the Grammy Awards. But now insiders are saying that the singers did cross paths at the awards ceremony. It’s obvious that both Katy Perry and Taylor Swift attended the Grammy Awards on Sunday night, as they were both nominated and Katy performed, after a hugely successful Super Bowl halftime show.
Food World News said that Katy and Taylor managed to cross paths at the Grammys ceremony. In fact, John Mayer’s exes were just a few feet away from each other. Katy and Taylor didn’t want to make speak to each other, let alone make eye contact.
Us Weekly also reported that Perry and Swift literally crossed paths. Perry reportedly walked past Swift’s seat during the show. But the “Blank Space” singer stared blankly at her phone, as she tried not to look up as Perry walked by her.
Katy and Taylor didn’t even greet each other at the Grammys. Taylor was busy rubbing elbows with everyone from Jay Z to Kanye West. She even made up with Kanye West during the ceremony. But Katy and Taylor chose not to interact at the awards show, according to the Us Weekly report.
Several eyewitnesses said they saw Perry walk by Swift’s seat during intermission. They also added that Perry did politely clap for Swift when she took the stage to present the award for Best New Artist, but that’s the extent of the “goodwill” between the pop singers.
Katy and Taylor went through several lengths to even avoid each

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.122534
Retrieved Text: Bride-To-Be? Taylor Swift Gives Us Major Relationship Envy On Beach Vacation With Calvin Harris!
Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris are proving how deep their love is on a sunny, beach rendezvous! The two shared some sweet snaps of each other embracing and splashing in the water, and we have to wonder if a wedding is next up!
Calvin, 32, snapped amazing photos of Taylor during their rendezvous, showing the world that he is definitely winning these days!
The 26-year-old Grammy-winner also wasn't shy about how much fun she was having, captioning this Instagram picture, “That time when we finally took a vacation. @calvinharris."
Last week, Taylor showed off an engraved locket Calvin gifted her with for this special occasion as they marked their one year anniversary. “3.6.15 One year down!” she wrote.
Considering this is definitely one of her longest-lasting relationships, we wouldn't be surprised if she is hoping for an engagement ring next!
Do you think Taylor and Calvin will get engaged soon? Tweet us @OKMagazine or let us know in the comments section!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.076418
Retrieved Text: Bailey and Zack met me out at beautiful Lake Louisa for their Spring engagement. Recent rains brought the lush nature preserve back to shades of green, which were the perfect backdrop to my couple’s pastel attire.
My sweethearts story began on May 21st of 2015 when Bailey had come home from college for the summer. Excited to spend time with family and catch up with friends, Bailey’s friend Peyton invited her out to go country line dancing at Mavericks, a local dancing bar. Being her silly self, Zack first laid eyes on her when she was doing a goofy dance and immediately fell in love with her free spirit. Approaching Bailey, he introduced himself, and after spending the entire night chatting at the bar, exchanged numbers. Two weeks later, the two wen on their first date at the Waffle House followed by putt-putt golf and of course a sweet treat of slurpees after. It was the perfect laid back date to really be able to get to know one another better, and opened the door to many more dates to come.
Falling in love with how much Bailey cares for other people, Zack explains that Bailey “has a natural caring spirit and helps people however and whenever.” For Bailey, the way Zack makes her laugh and brings joy to every day is what she fell in love with. As Bailey explains, Zack “can always make me smile even after I have had a bad day. He is someone that will always crack a joke to cheer everybody up.”

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.068775
Retrieved Text: In the midst of preparing for their wedding, Kirsten is surprised by Pamela Rush, an old friend of Charlie's. Yet, after assuring Kirsten that their affair is long over, Charlie gets a surprise of his own when Pamela drops by the restaurant with news that he's the father of her three-year-old son, Spencer, and is in need of financial help. Although his friend Will tries his best to get him dating again, Bailey still struggles with the death of his girlfriend, while Julia continues her clandestine meetings with the late girl's brother, Griffin.
As Julia awaits her boyfriend Justin's return from England, Claudia looks to her for guidance as she prepares for junior high. But when Justin arrives, Julia quickly discovers that he spent time with another girl in London. And while Julia accuses Justin of seeing someone else, she keeps him in the dark about her and Griffin. Meanwhile, at Will's insistence, Bailey agrees to date Holly Blanchard, but is determined not to like it.
After making up with Justin, Julia discovers she was being deceived by Griffin when his girlfriend makes an unexpected appearance. And though Griffin claims they have no obligation to one another, Julia still struggles with her growing feelings for him. When a restaurant patron notices a resemblance between him and Spencer, Charlie decides to assume responsibility, and he gives Pamela the money. But after he breaks the news to Kirsten, mother and child disappear without a trace. Finally, as Claudia shows up unannounced and uninvited to the Julia's high school bonfire, Bailey

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.972132
Retrieved Text: Each year, the City of Taylor Mill gives each of its employees and elected officials a gift card worth $15 to be placed towards the purchase of a ham or turkey for the holiday season.
On Wednesday night that nearly changed after a pair of city commissioners took exception to the tradition.
City administrator Jill Bailey said the city had already printed the gift certificates, but after receiving an email from Commissioner Phil Peace, brought the issue to the full city commission before proceeding.
"I was the dissenter," Peace said at the meeting. "We have a $100,000 hole in the budget. You can't give away the farm and cut on the other end. I know I won't be popular, I might even be called the Grinch who steals the roast beef. But we have to get serious about the cuts."
Mayor Dan Bell took exception to Peace's statement, arguing that the city doesn't have a budget deficit.
Bailey explained that she always budgets conservatively, and in doing so, the city has more than a $300,000 surplus. The city opted not to increase the property tax this year, even deciding against taking the compensating rate - and that impacted the surplus by $100,000, which is where Bailey believes Peace misunderstood.
But Commissioner Sarah Frietch also disagreed with handing out the gift certificates, which add up to about a cost of $675 for the city.
"While I absolutely value every employee, I believe that we have quite a benefit package," Frietch said. "Six-hundred of seven-hundred dollars here and there can add up through the year."
Bailey

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.968332
Retrieved Text: 'Vanderpump Rules': What Does Brittany Cartwright Think of Jax Taylor's Alleged Hookup with Lindsay Lohan?
‘Vanderpump Rules’: What Does Brittany Cartwright Think of Jax Taylor’s Alleged Hookup with Lindsay Lohan?
Jax Taylor has always been known as a player. From the premiere of Vanderpump Rules in 2013, his womanizing ways were made clear. He’s hooked up with the majority of the girls on the cast and has always found it hard to stay faithful, no matter who he was in a relationship with.
Though Taylor might be reformed now that he is engaged to southern sweetheart Brittany Cartwright, stories from his old days aren’t done catching up to him. Especially the one about an alleged hookup that the bartender had with one movie star.
Did Taylor hook up with Lindsay Lohan?
The rumors of Taylor and Lindsay Lohan hooking up go way back to 2015, when Taylor claimed that the two were intimate on an episode of Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen.
Taylor wouldn’t give up very many details on what happened between the two.
“She was just very affectionate,” he said.
In 2017, he brought the incident back up, elaborating a bit more.
Does Lohan admit to hooking up with Taylor?
For years, people have been believing that Taylor once had something going on with the Mean Girls star. In January, Lohan finally cleared up the rumors.
“I’ve never even met him,” she told Andy Cohen on WWHL. “I never met him. Really. Maybe he met Hallie or Annie,” she joked, referencing the characters she played on The Parent Trap.
After Lohan’s adamant denial, Taylor

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.91575
Retrieved Text: Cleanup always seemed to take forever, but finally, they arrived back at the firehouse and Taylor sat down to have her first coffee of the day. She was in the middle of preparing lunch, when squad returned and Severide entered the rec room.
“What happened to you?” Taylor inquired as she noticed the butterfly stitches above his eye.
Finishing up, she put everything on the counter and told everyone to help themselves. The next couple of hours were quiet, but eventually, another call came in and Taylor jumped into action. The manager of the hotel was already waiting when they arrived, leading them to the broken-down elevator and explaining what was going on.
“Taylor, harness up,” Casey instructed, earning a nod from Taylor and sorting out his own harness to back her up if need be.
“Harness and line secure,” Herrmann announced a few minutes later.
Moving over to the doors that had already been pried open, Taylor turned her back to them and waited for the all clear to descend. It wasn’t long before Mills’ voice crackled over the radio and she carefully made her way down the shaft, until she was standing on top of the cart.
“Is everything okay?” Taylor asked as she lifted the hatch.
“My girlfriend is having contractions,” one of the men answered in a panic.
“How’s it looking down there, Taylor?” Casey inquired.
“What do you want to do?” Casey added.
“I’m going to drop down and see what’s going on,” Taylor told him, disconnecting her line and carefully dropping down inside the cart.
Crouching down beside the hysterical mom

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.854975
Retrieved Text: Labour’s Rebecca Long-Bailey took Uber and the ‘gig economy’ to task on BBC Radio 4‘s Today programme on Tuesday 11 July. And the Shadow Business Secretary didn’t mince her words during a debate about a new government review into working practices. But when the host tried to trap Long-Bailey, she completely out-manoeuvred him.
Do you refuse to ever take an Uber, because you just don’t think morally it’s quite right?
I don’t personally use Uber, because I don’t feel that it’s morally acceptable… I don’t want to see companies… model their operations on the Uber model… If it looks like a job or it smells like a job, then it is a job.
So you would give cash in hand?
Ah, but that’s different. That’s not avoiding tax, is it?
People working in the ‘gig economy’ should be officially called “dependent contractors”.
Employees of firms like Uber and Deliveroo should be given holiday, maternity, paternity and sick pay. And they should get paid at least the national living wage.
Firms should be incentivised to treat workers fairly.
The government and consumers should stop cash-in-hand working.
I worry that many gig economy employers will be breathing a sigh of relief this morning. From what we’ve seen, this review is not the game-changer needed to end insecurity and exploitation at work.
The Taylor Review, as with many Conservative-commissioned reports, is half-baked and full of holes. On the one hand, its author Matthew Taylor says “Bad work – insecure, exploitative, controlling – is bad for health and well being”. But on the other, he warns against any new “national

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.651377
Retrieved Text: She, by request of the doctor, was walking a short distance up and down a hallway in the hospital. Her breathing was a bit quicker than normal. "Is this really necessary?! I'm pregnant, my water broke, do you really think I feel like walking??" She snapped, her hormones in an awful state.
The nurse looked frightened. Bailey had been vicious ever since she went into labor. "Yes, Miss Lane. It helps to induce labor more quickly."
She sighed, but kept walking. A few minutes later she stopped and let out a yelp of pain. "Ow!" She gasped. She looked at Blaine helplessly. The young girl didn't have a clue what to do.
The nurse came to her side. "Come, you need to lay down. That was your first contraction. No need to worry." She help Bailey lay down and tried to get her comfortable.
Blaine sighed and held Bailey's hand. "Its alright sweetheart. Just lay back and relax."
Bailey held onto Blaine's hand tightly. "Ok..." She nodded, and took a deep breath. "I love you." Reaching her hand that wasn't holding his, up to run it lightly through Blaine's hair, was comforting to her. "Are you ok?" It was only other people that she was vicious to. She was sweet to Blaine. He had a feeling of home, and he was her light in the darkness of the outside world.
The lack of communication from Blaine didn't help to comfort her. Bailey just relaxed, letting herself nearly fall asleep, and another contraction would hit. She bit her lip but didn't even gasp

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.617638
Retrieved Text: Bailey Revels, middle, is congratulated by Max Huseboe after hitting a two-run single to give Ripon a 10-0, five-inning victory over Kettle Moraine Lutheran Tuesday.
Sam Vanevenhoven connects for one of his three hits in Ripon’s 10-0, five-inning win over Kettle Moraine Lutheran Tuesday.
Max Huseboe delivers a pitch against the Chargers. He did not allow a run in five innings to pick up the win.
The Tigers continued their hot start to the season Tuesday as they defeated Kettle Moraine Lutheran 10-0 in five innings to improve to 7-0 in conference and 11-0 overall.
Facing Thomas Murray in a rematch of a No. 4 singles match from last year, Tyler Granados showed his improvement Tuesday.
With the Tom Callen Invitational two days away, the Ripon High School track and field teams used the Waupun Quadrangular Tuesday to experiment a little bit.
After suffering a tough road loss a day earlier against Waupaca, the Ripon High School softball team was back at it Tuesday afternoon ... That tough loss showed in its energy as it lost to Kettle Moraine Lutheran 12-2.
The Ripon High School Tiger girls’ soccer team saw what it could be if its players picked up the sport at a younger age during its game against Kewaskum Tuesday.
There’s no place like home for the Ripon High School golf team. After struggling in the first of two mini-tour matches Tuesday, the Tigers recorded their best finish and lowest score of the season at the Golf Courses of Lawsonia.
Entering last weekend’s four-game series against the University of Chicago, Ripon College head baseball

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.399204
Retrieved Text: In “My Dad,” Bob Stromberg presents a riveting comedy routine that will have you laughing and nodding your head in agreement with him the entire time. Many people can relate to engaging and funny antidotes about parents, and Stromberg seems to hit any and all of them that matter.
From stories about traveling to and from school every day to humorous observations about family members, Stromberg delivers in the area of clean but strikingly funny comedy entertainers. Anyone with a family will be able to appreciate what Stromberg has to offer because not only is his material funny, but he is also able to send a message to the audience about various topics.
Good, clean comedy is hard to find. Bob Stromberg has mastered the art of impeccable comedy entertainers that is both relatable and hilarious. Believe it or not, he is available for private shows and would be a terrific addition to any reunion, birthday party, or anniversary that you have coming up.
Bob Stromberg is a comedian. As a corporate comedian, Stromberg can bring meaning and humor to the context of your choosing.
Taylor Mason is one of the funniest clean comedians the world. With his unique style of puppetry and ventriloquism, it is hard to tell that his friends are not real people or animals. Fly with the piggy, and you will know what we are talking about. Audiences love his humor because it hits right on target. Falling in the floor laughing or crying because their cheeks hurt from smiling is no exaggeration of the effect

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.269217
Retrieved Text: THE GUNTHER GANG: Cruising Mexico With a Baby!
Cruising Mexico With a Baby!
In true CaLea fashion... this post *quite* late. But hey, at least I'm getting around to actually writing one, right? We recently cruised down to Mexico for a week. We hopped on a Princess cruise ship one Sunday, sailed down the coastline, made a couple of stops in Mexico, then turned back around and got off the ship on the following Sunday. Taylor and I aren't exactly "experts" when it comes to cruises, but thankfully we were accompanied by our sister-in-law, Brooke (and her family), who are all quite literally the definition of "cruise experts," so we were definitely taken care of (especially since Brooke has cruised several times with her babies).
Let me start this post out by saying this: cruising, in my opinion, is one of the easiest ways you can travel with a kid. We've been blessed to be able to go on a lot of trips since we welcomed Billie into the family, but out of all of them, the cruise seemed to be the one that didn't take as much thought and preparation. That being said, cruises are more of a vacation and CAN be less of an adventure (this is not a bad thing, it just depends on what you're looking for in a trip)-- let me explain: you get a lot of down time on the boat (which is great if you want to be able to go on a trip to just chill), you have a limited amount

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.23048
Retrieved Text: Back in the day, the time off between seasons was a (relatively) quiet time for the fashion industry. Now, though, the internet and social media requires brands to be grabbing peoples’ eyeballs 24/7, which has meant that some of the bigger names out there — aka the ones with more money — have started putting on extra events outside the main Spring/Summer and Fall/Winter schedules.
In the past few weeks, Chanel hosted an ancient Greek extravaganza in Paris, Louis Vuitton ventured to Kyoto and Dior brought out Rihanna in the Californian desert. Now it’s Gucci’s turn to bring out the big guns. The Italian mega-house took to home turf to unveil its Cruise 2018 collection, hosting a star-studded spectacle in Florence’s Palazzo Pitti. Here’s what went down at the event.
Rather than give out regular-old invites, the Gooch decided to gift custom caps to the select group of industry insiders who were invited to the show. Grazie, Alessandro!
An exclusive look at the #GucciCruise18 show space inside the Palatine Gallery of Palazzo Pitti, first opened to the public in 1833, the gallery exhibits over 500 paintings mostly from the Renaissance. From the Room of the Niches through Venus, Apollo, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn ending in the Room of the Iliad, #AlessandroMichele’s new collection will be presented today surrounded by paintings by Titian, Raphael, Perugino and more. The rainbow striped chairs for the guests in the rooms are printed with "A Song to Bacchus", a poem by Lorenzo de' Medici, considered the patriarch of the Renaissance.
As if being flown to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.154478
Retrieved Text: After the Charlie Hebdo tragedy, we thought we should start recognizing and praising those who stand up for artist rights. We will also identify those who oppose artist rights and tell you why we think they are villains. Not all of these people will be famous and you may not recognize some of their names, but that’s kind of the point. We also want to emphasize that we’re not comparing anyone to anyone else, we’re just appreciating people for what they do and who they are–on both sides.
When we look back on the last year, there’s probably no one who did more for artist rights than Taylor Swift. She really did not need to take on these issues, she could easily have sat back and let the money roll in.
Spotify’s Daniel Ek revealed himself and did his best to play the “Lars card”–he talked down to her and attacked her. Not as badly as the calculated and well-financed humiliation of Metallica by Napster’s litigation PR team, but a strain of it. Can you imagine Steve Jobs doing that? No way. But that’s OK, we finally got the evidence on who this guy Ek really is and what his company really stands for. Same old same old.
Taylor also showed that you don’t need YouTube, either–and she turned her team loose to present herself on YouTube the way she wanted, not the way YouTube wanted to force her to be presented.
She challenged The Man 2.0 by simply being who she was and exercising her rights as an artist–the

================



======= Instance Index 21 =========
Input Text: Context: Sydney got a raise and a new promotion.

Question: What does Sydney need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: be bad at her job

B: do a good job

C: be lazy

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.938276
Retrieved Text: Homeground returns bigger and better than ever.
The festival features the very best First Nations artists from Australia and around the world.
To celebrate the power of contemporary artists and ancient customs.
This two-day event will provide a rich cultural experience in the form of dance, drumming and music. There will also be a variety of Sri Lankan food to taste. Trade stalls will have fun activities for children which will follow a grand cultural pageant as an opening ceremony.
Presented by The Consulate General of Sri Lanka in Sydney in collaboration with the Sri Lanka Tourism Promotion Bureau and the support of Sri Lankan community.
Ever learnt anything about Sydney Town Hall? No? Well now's your chance!!!
The City of Sydney is arranging guided tours of Sydney Town Hall. These guides are apart of a group called 'The Friends of Sydney Town Hall'. This group of tour guides take you around Sydney Town Hall, sharing their knowledge and history of it's historic building.
The 'Friends' group of Volunteers is a non-for-profit organisation.
The tours with raise funds to conserve items in Sydney Town Hall and acquire works of art for its civic collection.
Groups tours can have a maximum of 30 people and roughly take 2 hours to complete.
More details can be found on the link attached.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.808098
Retrieved Text: As Fiona tries to raise the profile of the neighborhood, Ian helps Trevor to raise money for a new youth shelter. Meanwhile, Carl loses his scholarship and gets creative with securing the tuition, Lip stands up to a friend and gets hurt and Frank teaches the parents at Liam's school all about the working class.
"It’s a big day for Frank; he got a promotion at work and he’s moved into his spiritual 40s."

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.584103
Retrieved Text: Harbour Bridge: Sydney Harbour bridge from different locations.
Opera House: Sydney Opera House from different locations.
Sydney Centrepoint Tower: Sydney Centrepoint / Sydney Tower from different locations.
New Zealand: Photos of New Zealand, Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch, Dunedin, North and South Islands.
Australia Bargain: Sharing deals, discount, sale, promotion and specials of Australia in one simple website.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.016106
Retrieved Text: He didn't beat much in the Summer Cup at Rosehill on Boxing Day but import Le Roi did it in style. He's improving with every run for trainer Tony McEvoy. He says Le Roi will now return to Adelaide for a let-up. The Cox Plate-winning trainer hasn't yet mapped out future plans but is considering another Sydney attack in the autumn. He says: "The tracks in Melbourne can get a bit hard in the autumn so if he does race it will be in Sydney."
Good to see Chris Waller firing a rocket at Sydney's racing administration. Sydney's premier trainer reckons racing officials need to boost promotion to ensure public holiday racedays don't turn into the ghost town Rosehill was on Boxing Day. Waller says: "I was listening to the radio in New Zealand during the week and they were promoting all the little towns with their big Boxing Day meetings...We've got to get people to the races. Everyone's had their big family day yesterday and want something to do, so why not create a bit of atmosphere and have a short sharp program and get people to the track?"

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.82743
Retrieved Text: A book launch will be held for pet lovers on Sunday December 18 for Ruthless Photos owner, Ruth O’Leary’s new coffee table book.
Tails of Sydney showcases some of Sydney’s stunning locations and beautiful canines in a large, full colour, limited edition coffee table book . Her goal is to raise much-needed money for three self-funded animal rescue groups in Sydney, Fetching Dogs, Arctic Breed Rescue and Sydney Dogs and Cats Home.
After a year of travelling almost 4,000 kilometres and taking nearly 20,000 photographs, Ruth has captured the uniqueness of 117 dogs at 85 landmark locations across the largest city in Australia.
Ruth is aiming to raise $10,000 for Sydney animal charities with her new book.
The official book launch with take place at Queen’s Park Shed in Sydney at the Fetching Dogs annual Christmas catch-up for foster carers and adopters.
For more information about the book, visit the official website here.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.825018
Retrieved Text: [v] raise in rank or condition; "The new law lifted many people from poverty"
[v] give a promotion to or assign to a higher position; "John was kicked upstairs when a replacement was hired"; "Women tend not to advance in the major law firms"; "I got promoted after many years of hard work"
ELEVATE is a 7 letter word that starts with E.
Elevated; raised aloft. [Poetic] --Milton.
raise; as, to elevate a weight, a flagstaff, etc.
to an office, or to a high social position.
loudness; -- said of sounds; as, to elevate the voice.
tubs of merry stingo.'' --Sir W. Scott.
heighten; elate; cheer; flush; excite; animate.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.691702
Retrieved Text: Uber car icons will turn pink for the Sydney Test match in light of a new partnership with the McGrath Foundation.
Any new traveller that signs up with the ride-sharing app can take a free ride worth up to $20 while the app will donate $10 to the McGrath Foundation for the trip.
The promotion, running from tomorrow until January 20, will see the in-app car icon, which represents the estimated time of arrival of a nearby driver, turn pink.
McGrath Foundation CEO Petra Buchanan said she was pleased to be working with Uber.
She said the funds will help place McGrath breast care nurses around the country and boost awareness for the cause.
Australia&apos;s Uber general manager David Rohrsheim praised the work of the McGrath breast care nurses and hoped the campaign would raise tens of thousands of dollars.
"We look forward to rolling this campaign out with the help of our driver-partners and hope the public will use this opportunity to get on board such a great cause like the McGrath Foundation."
He encouraged Uber drivers to get in the spirit of the campaign and "pink-up" their cars.
Over 47,000 Australian families have been supported by 110 McGrath breast care nurses nationally.
The charity was founded by Australian cricket player Glenn McGrath and his late wife Jane in 2005.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.413837
Retrieved Text: Welcome to www.MikesTeam.com.au OFFICIAL Facebook page! Mike's Team is a strong supporter of the bodybuilding community and has been a major sponsor of the ANB since 2006. Visit www.MikesTeam.com.au to find out more about Mike’s Team Mike Lee has been a bodybuilder and personal trainer for more than a decade.Promoter of ANB Australasia Natural Bodybuilding in Manila, Philippines. online store www.MikesTeam.com.au.
Happy Easter & let's get pumped for comp season!
** Mikes Team! ✅ This is the one for season B!
*Are you the owner of Mike's Team?
New customers can now instantly discover and get in touch with places like Mike's Team in Sydney.
Drop us email on hello@toplocalplaces.com to get exclusive promotion in Sydney area. And special promotion in Performance & Event Venue category in Australia.
Do you like Mike's Team ?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.396536
Retrieved Text: We all know Prince Harry is on his way to Australia today for promotion of the Invictus Games, but now we know how we can get to see him while he is here.
Ten News has reported that the public will be able to catch a glimpse of their favourite prince from 2pm tomorrow at Campbell’s Cove in Sydney, near Circular Quay.
Prince Harry will be there, escorted by NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian and Minister for Veterans Affairs David Elliott.
Members of the public have been invited to the event, and large crowds are expected, so authorities have warned to allow extra time due to increased security.
While in Australia Prince Harry will also attend a launch ceremony of the Invictus Games with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull at Admiralty House.
Yesterday the prince took part in the Sentebale Royal Salute Polo Cup in Singapore, to raise funds for his charity which supports children affected by HIV and AIDS in Africa.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.045313
Retrieved Text: Flea von Löhneysen-Hoefl studied Law and Commerce in Sydney at the University of New South Wales (B Com, LLB). Her work experience include stations as Head of Radio at Motor / Polygram and Head of Promotion at V2 Records. Currently she is Head Of International A&R at Embassy of Music and Embassy of Sound & Media and General Manager at Guerilla Music Promotion, which she has also founded.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.03799
Retrieved Text: Britain's Prince Harry, left Australia's Prime Minister Scott Morrison, right, and Invictus Games representatives climb the Sydney Harbour Bridge in Sydney, Tuesday, Oct. 19, 2018. Prince Harry and his wife Meghan are on day four of their 16-day tour of Australia and the South Pacific.
Prince Harry scaled the Sydney Harbor Bridge on Friday to raise a flag marking the arrival of the Invictus Games, his brainchild and the focus of his current royal tour of Australia and the South Pacific.
The sporting event, founded by Harry in 2014, starts on Saturday. It gives sick and injured military personnel and veterans the opportunity to compete in sports such as wheelchair basketball and to find inspiration to recover.
The fact that the Duchess of Sussex never planned to climb the world's tallest steel arch bridge with her husband had fueled speculation that she is pregnant. The speculation was confirmed on Monday when Harry and the former Meghan Markle announced that their first child is due in the northern spring.
Harry, Prime Minister Scott Morrison, four members of the Australian team and the widow of an Australian veteran climbed more than 1,000 steps up the back of an arch to raise the Invictus Games Sydney 2018 flag.
"The Sydney Harbor Bridge is an Australian icon and I can think of no better place to raise the ... flag," Morrison said in a statement.
During the descent, Harry hugged fellow climber Gwen Cherne, a games ambassador whose husband Peter Cafe, a veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, took his own life in February.
"We were talking about

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.037554
Retrieved Text: We’re giving 1 away each day. All you have to do is buy a policy in August 2013 (yes! this month!) and you will be in the draw for your chance to WIN!
Entry into the Promotion commences at 12:01am AEST 1st August 2013 and closes at 11:59pm AEST 31st August 2013 (Promotion Period).
The Promotion is open to all Australian residents, over the age of 18 who purchase a Fast Cover travel insurance policy (Policy) during the Promotion Period (Policy Holder). This Promotion is not open to any employees or family members of employees of Fast Cover Pty Ltd or its related companies or any person who purchases a Policy and then subsequently cancels that Policy (Ineligible Persons).
A policy may be purchased through the Fast Cover Website - https://fastcover.com.au, via the customer service number - 1300 409 322 or via a posted application.
The Promotion is to give away 31 Samsonite Luggage Pieces (Firelite 55cm Spinner – Charcoal colour) to Policy Holders, each worth $499.00 (Prize). The total value of all Prizes for this Promotion is AUD$ 15,469.00. A Prize will be drawn for each day in August (Daily Draw), with a total of 31 Daily Draws to be made for the entire Promotion Period.
All Daily Draws will be made at 12:00pm AEST with the first Daily Draw starting on Friday, 2 August 2013 and the last Daily Draw being made at 12:00pm AEST 2 September 2013. All Daily Draws will be made at the office of Fast Cover Pty Ltd in Sydney and the winner will be

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.858068
Retrieved Text: Starcom has appointed a new general manager in Melbourne and managing director in Sydney.
Michael Leeds has taken over in as GM in Melbourne. Leeds has been with the company for the previous 12 years in varying roles, the most recent being group business director.
Leeds worked on clients including Mars, General Motors Premium, Suncorp Group, Victoria Government and Snooze. He was involved with Mars ‘Strauchanie’ campaign and launched Hummer in Australia.
“Michael has been an incredibly loyal employee, has developed outstanding client and team leadership skills and is widely respected by the media industry. I congratulate Michael on achieving this promotion and look forward to a successful year for Starcom Melbourne,” said Starcom COO Chris Nolan said.
In Sydney, Bob Goodge is taking over as managing director of Starcom. Goodge has been at Starcom for a decade, previously as national client management and investment director. In this role Goodge led annual rate negotiations which represent more than $700 million in client expenditure.
“Bob’s promotion recognises the significant contribution he has made to growing the business and his strong client relationships. He is a passionate Starcom advocate, and will be a key driver of realising the Starcom vision for our business in this critical Sydney market. We’re looking forward to building on what was a very successful year in 2009 under difficult economic circumstances,” said Starcom CEO John Sintras.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.754644
Retrieved Text: Jenifer Lewis, probably best-known as Tina Turner's mother in "What's Love Got To Do With It" and for her nightclub act "The Diva Is Dismissed," performs at the 17th Annual Divas Simply Singing show, a long-running benefit concert for AIDS, at the Wilshire Ebel Theatre in Los Angeles, CA on Saturday October 6, 2007. It was just one of the several recent concerts intended to raise consciousness and raise funds.
Also performing at the diva benefit concert were singer Natalie Cole, right, and Sheryl Lee Ralph, best known as the Tony-nominated actress in the original Broadway production of "Dreamgirls".
Rapper Busta Rhymes performs at the Boost Mobile RockCorps Concert at Radio City Music Hall Saturday, Oct. 6, 2007 in New York.
Spanish singer Julio Iglesias performs during a concert at the Stadium Arena in Santiago de Chile, 29 September 2007. Iglesias scheduled two concerts in Chile as part of his world tour 'Live' wich includes countries like Argentina, France, Portugal, Sweden, Lituania, Russia and Poland.
Puerto Rican singer Chayanne, performs Friday, Oct. 5, 2007 at Monumental stadium in Buenos Aires at the beginning of his concert attended by near 50,000 fans. Chayanne had to cancel the show after the fourth song, due to health problems.
Pianist Lang Lang teaches a young boy piano techniques before his piano solo concert on October 7, 2007 in Nanjing, China.
Former members of rock band 'The Police' perform together -- left to right, Sting, Andy Summers, drummer Stewart Copeland, Henry Padovani -- on 29 September 2007 at the 'Stade de France' in Saint-Denis, Northern Paris, as

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.69704
Retrieved Text: Crowdfunding Success: If At First You Succeed in Crowdfunding Why Not Try Again?
We quickly give the same answer we give a dozen or more times a week as we do our best to hide our exasperation “When it comes to crowdfunding promotion – or promotion of absolutely anything at all – success rates can’t be calculated. In the advertising world this is a useless statistic….” as we go on to explain that advertising success rates, even if they could be calculated through some miracle of modern day computing power, would be meaningless since any and all such mathematical calculations can’t account for the human factor – Why do people buy?
A recent crowdfunding article in the Wall Street Journal explores this in exquisite detail.
The article started out, as most do, pointing out the 38% crowdfunding failure rate as reported by Kickstarter. Then something different happened – the article took a sharp turn to explore crowdfunders who have succeeded in hitting their crowdfunding goal and then came back for a second shot to raise money via crowdfunding again. Sometimes even more money. Sometimes much, much more money.
They got crowdfunding validation alright. Their second Kickstarter raised $20 million; twice as much as their first.
The article goes on to talk about several crowdfunders in the worlds of music, tech, AV and other realms that successfully raise money time and time again. Part of their secret to crowdfunding success lies in repeat funders – those backers who are drawn to the second Kickstarter, the third and the fourth based on their

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.613771
Retrieved Text: Sydney FC has completed two transfer deadline day deals with winger Mitch Austin joining the club until the end of the season while striker Charles Lokoli-Ngoy has been released to pursue another opportunity.
Austin signs for the Sky Blues in time to face Melbourne City on Sunday afternoon (5pm kick off) and will join fellow new signing Reza Ghoochannejhad in training with the Hyundai A-League squad for the first time tomorrow.
“I’m very happy to be joining Sydney FC and it feels like I’m coming home,” said the 27-year old, who began his youth career with Manly United.
Head Coach Steve Corica said: “Mitch has got a lot of pace and can play anywhere across our frontline so will give us an extra option up front.
Meanwhile striker Charles Lokoli-Ngoy leaves the club following three and a half successful seasons with the club.
The 21-year old has had success winning the Hyundai A-League Championship, the Premiers Plate twice and the FFA Cup.
He was also instrumental in securing the NPL2 Championship and promotion for the Sky Blues in 2016, when he was top scorer.
Lokoli-Ngoy enjoyed a successful period at the Sky Blues.
On leaving the club the Congolese born forward said: “I’ve been at Sydney FC for the last four years and have had a fantastic grounding in the game.
“When I first came to the club Steve was my Head Coach in the youth team squad and he has been a guiding light in my development along with Rob Stanton and the other members of the coaching staff, so I thank them for

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.552877
Retrieved Text: May 31, 2016 - Facebook Promotions!
May 31, 2016 - New Austsaw Spark Buster!
February 11, 2015 - Now That's Tuff!
September 12, 2014 - Black Panther. Snips with Bite.
August 19, 2014 - Did you visit us at QME?
May 5, 2014 - National Manufacturing Week - Sydney!
April 1, 2014 - 37 Volt Cordless Drill - Loaded with power!
December 9, 2013 - SMART New Blades!
October 8, 2013 - Tuffbox and Slimbox Promotion Now on - Set for Hard and Fast Jobs!
August 21, 2013 - Problem with Pilfering?
July 18, 2013 - Stealth Promotion Now On!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.527195
Retrieved Text: Seven really is the magic number for leading accommodation provider Oaks Hotels & Resorts, a division of Minor Hotels, who is strengthening its presence in Victoria with the opening of its seventh Melbourne property, the new-build Oaks Southbank.
Located on City Road in the vibrant dining, entertainment and arts precinct of Southbank and located opposite the glittering Eureka Skydeck, Oaks Southbank features 87 keys and rises over 37 floors, presenting guests with outstanding panoramas of the lively city, urban skyscrapers and, in some instances, glimpses of a true Melbourne icon – the Yarra River and its picturesque tree-lined banks.
Developed by LK Property Group and designed by Artisan Architects, Oaks Southbank boasts an eye-catching white, black and gilded façade, blending with industrial-style textured concrete and metal components that give the tower a striking skyline presence.
FRHI Hotels & Resorts has announced the appointment of Ross Buchanan as General Manager of Swissôtel Sydney. With this promotion, Buchanan will be responsible for providing leadership and driving the performance of the 369-room flagship hotel in the Pacific region.
Buchanan joined FRHI Hotels & Resorts in February 2011 as Director of Revenue & Marketing at Swissôtel Sydney where he was promoted to Executive Assistant Manager/Director of Sales & Marketing in February 2013. Since March 2016, he held the position of Acting General Manager where his direction has been integral in the completion of the hotel’s multi-million dollar refurbishment.
Visitors to Macao, in particular the Asian city’s neon-lit Cotai Strip, can indulge in some additional pampering thanks to the opening of two new resorts.
The recent openings

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.462154
Retrieved Text: An outstanding opportunity exists for a high potential and emerging academic leader with chronic disease prevention and health promotion research and practice experience. This is a mixed teaching and research role with two primary functions: to co-ordinate and teach in disease prevention and health promotion for postgraduate students undertaking Masters of Public Health (MPH) and related programs in the Sydney School of Public Health; and to develop and engage in public health research relevant to the Prevention Research Collaboration (PRC) and the Sydney School of Public Health.
demonstrated track record in disease prevention and health promotion peer review publications and ideally research grant applications.
The successful candidate will have excellent communication/organisation skills and knowledge of software packages for data manipulation. With desirable skills including leading and contribution to research projects and design and use of statistical packages.
Since our inception 160 years ago, the University of Sydney has led to improve the world around us. We believe in education for all and that effective leadership makes lives better. These same values are reflected in our approach to diversity and inclusion,and underpin our long-term strategy for growth. We’re Australia's first university and have an outstanding global reputation for academic and research excellence. Across our campuses, we employ over 7600 academic and non-academic staff who support over 60,000 students.
All applications must be submitted via the University of Sydney careers website. Visit sydney.edu.au/recruitment and search by the reference number 146/0119C to apply.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.41279
Retrieved Text: Five beauty businesses from the Pacific islands will be showcasing their products at this month’s Beauty Expo Australia in Sydney.
Pacific Trade Invest Australia (a trade promotion agency representing 16 Pacific Island countries) has organised the visit of Nama of Fiji, MaxtoneHaus (PNG), Island Rose Dream (Tonga) and Natural Fiji to the expo.
Jeremy Grennell, general manager exports at PTI Australia, said that all four companies selected for the visit have strong brands and packaging – and “have proven themselves to be export ready”.
“The beauty expo is a great platform that will allow these Pacific businesses to raise their brand awareness to an international market,” he said.
Made from 100 percent organic coconut oil, MaxtoneHaus Organic Soaps and moisturising oils are infused with natural tropical scents (vanilla, frangipini, lemongrass and citronella).
Natural Fiji products are made with “traditional techniques and ingredients once used in the region to ensure the wellbeing of the body, mind and spirit”. The 100 percent coconut skincare range includes body soap bars, lotions, oils and butters.
Made from “the freshest coconuts and infused with traditional Tongan flowers”, Island Rose’s natural product range features six beauty oils (including a traditional Tongan Oil infused with Tevunga and Mohokoi) and three coconut sugar scrubs.
The four companies will however not be the only Pacific Island brands on display at the Sydney Expo.
Pure Fiji, which was launched into Australia by Professional Beauty Solutions earlier this year, will also be exhibiting.
Pure Fiji’s extensive collection of natural bath and body care products is based on exotic oils including virgin coconut, dilo, sikeci and macadamia

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.40269
Retrieved Text: Music Promotions company, artist music promotions, music promotions for local and international acts.With almost three decades in music promotions, Big Deal Touring has the experience to plan and manage your artists music promotions. Whether the promotion is for a single event or a full scale campaign Big Deal Touring can cater to all levels of promotions.
Music Promotions throughout Australia and New Zealand and surrounding areas, major cities and regional areas. Our music promotions team can arrange your promotions throughout the whole country, countries, or in selected areas.
Big Deal Touring Music Promotions service is located in Sydney, Australia. All your artists musical promotions requirements can be catered for throughout Australia from our central offices located in Sydney. Our dedicated team of staff can provide full services, backed by many years of experience.
Big Deal Touring will professionally arrange your television advertising, radio advertising, print media and magazine promotions and all other visual media and or print media needs including banners, flyers and all etc. Our decades of experience in the music production field gives you the advantage of our technical expertise and local knowledge. Whether your media music promotion is large or small, we can cater to your requirements.
To contact Big Deal Touring to discuss your particular music promotion requirements, or for more information on this service, or other services such as tour promotions, all our contact information is available from our contact BIG DEAL TOURING page.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.396208
Retrieved Text: Sydney FC are pleased to announce it will be hosting its inaugural Late Night Shopping with the Stars next Thursday 20th October from 6:30PM – 8:00PM.
Sydney FC are pleased to announce it will be hosting its inaugural Late Night Shopping with the Stars next Thursday 20th October from 6:30PM - 8:00PM.
The late night shopping experience will be the first of a number held at the Official Sydney FC Store (located at Gate A Driver Avenue at SFS) this season and will feature Sydney FC players Nick Carle, Terry Antonis and Dimi Petratos. The players will be on hand to review the weekend-s match against Brisbane Roar, sign autographs, and preview the next weekend-s trip to Adelaide.
With all the new adidas On-Field Range as well all the other brand new supporter wear including supporter polos, scarves and caps, the store is the place to head for Official Sydney FC Merchandise.
Don-t forget! If you are a 2011/12 Sydney FC Member, you receive a 10% discount on merchandise. To gain access to this discount make sure that you bring along your Membership card. If you have not yet joined, sign up as a 2011/12 Member and become a Citizen of Football-s Capital!
As a special promotion on the night, Sydney FC will also be collecting football shirt donations from its faithful Sky Blue supporters to add to its Community Program. The club has been donating a large number of products to various causes and anyone that brings along an old shirt to add to the donation collection will be given

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.299433
Retrieved Text: Cape Breton’s Christian Radio station, Praise FM!
Praise FM has applied to the CRTC for an FM license to serve the local area with a new signal that comprises Sydney, North Sydney, Sydney Mines, Glace Bay and New Waterford. In May, we received CONFIRMATION that our license has been granted! We now begin the fund raising campaign to raise $70,000 to build the tower and related technology which will broadcast our signal to your home in CBRM!
In the meantime, we invite you to Listen Live online through our website or through our iOS and Google Play apps, which are broadcasting right now!
Thanks for dropping by and may God bless you this day!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.16495
Retrieved Text: Discover all Sydney attractions with a Sydney bus tour from Big Bus Tour.
Book your Tickets for Sydney Bus Tour with 10% savings from bigbustours.com.
Avail a huge 12% discount on Big Bus Sydney Tours by using coupon code at bigbustours.com.
Discover all the attractions of Sydney with 10% discount when you book from bigbustours.com.
Book your travel in advance and avail 10% discount from bigbustours.com.
Big Bus Tours offers to visit the most famous crises in Sydney. Hop on and off the tour to explore these Sydney highlights and discover more of this iconic seaside city. Hop off to visit attractions like the Sydney Sea Life Aquarium, Australian Museum, and Sydney Tower Eye, explore the Royal Botanical Gardens, Chinatown, and Surry Hills. Save on big bus Sydney passes and tickets. Discover all the Sydney attractions from the comfort of open-top buses. Make use of Big Bus Tours Sydney Coupons and Big Bus Tours Sydney promotion to save more on Big Bus Sydney tours.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.14046
Retrieved Text: Get Farming New Zealand can showcase your business, products, campaign, events etc.
Promotion is available on our website, in our eNewsletters, digital magazines and more.
Contact our friendly team in the Sydney office advertise@thegets.com.au.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.11103
Retrieved Text: World’s Largest Pre-seed Accelerator Calling for Aspiring and Early-Stage Entrepreneurs in Need of Mentorship, Training, and Funding. Program Offers Perks from Selected Partners.
Sydney, NSW, Australia; Monday, 28 January 2019: The Founder Institute (www.fi.co), the world’s largest pre-seed accelerator, announced today that it is has added Chris Clark, the Co-Founder of Spark Festival to the Local Leader team for the upcoming Sydney Founder Institute semester. Chris has truly global experience having grown companies in four continents and overseen the growth of Spark Festival to become Australia’s largest startup festival, with 13,000+ attendees in 2018.
“What really excites me is helping founders in the early days, uncovering their path to grow quickly, raise capital and make a massive difference in the world. The Founder Institute has already changed the lives of so many Founders in Sydney and I can’t wait to help take it to the next level.” says Chris Clark, the Co-Founder of Spark Festival.
Since launching the Sydney Founder Institute in 2012, the program has created 65+ promising technology companies in the region, like CheckBox, GoFar, and many more. Any aspiring entrepreneur or team interested in building a company with some of Sydney's top startup mentors and leaders are invited to apply to the Sydney 2019 Founder Institute at http://fi.co/apply/sydney, or attend a free startup event hosted by the Sydney Founder Institute: http://fi.co/events/sydney.
The Sydney 2019 cohort will include the Founder Institute’s newest company-building program suitable to address the needs of advanced founders (MVP and beta stages) as well as aspiring new entrepreneurs at the idea-stage - a project

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.074018
Retrieved Text: The City of Sydney has announced its creative line-up for 2015 Sydney New Year’s Eve, including a new look and theme for Australia’s largest public event, conceived by creative agency, Imagination.
The Sydney Harbour Bridge will be the focal point of this year’s celebrations, while the new ‘City of Colour’ theme will showcase Sydney’s colours, diversity and young talent.
The ‘City of Colour’ theme and logo harnesses local flora, fauna and the stunning harbour itself as creative inspiration for the world’s most-loved New Year’s Eve celebration.
The Sydney Harbour Bridge itself is this year’s ‘Bridge Effect’. The famous landmark will see an extra 2,400 fireworks launched from its coat-hanger structure this year to create the largest Sydney Harbour Bridge pyrotechnic display ever. Combining with lighting effects, and full-height projections on the eastern face of the Harbour Bridge pylons, 2015’s effects are set to be the most impressive yet.
Building on its commitment to nurturing local creative talent, City of Sydney has offered the bridge pylons as a creative canvas to up-and-coming artists, Romance Was Born and Province Studios – both graduates of the City of Sydney’s ‘Creative Spaces’ program.
In addition to full creative responsibilities for 2015 Sydney New Year’s Eve, Imagination has worked closely with Telstra and the City of Sydney to offer innovative 360 degree online video footage of the event and a dedicated App. The App will allow users to stream the fireworks on-the-go, provide tips on good vantage points and offer a free SMS service to bundle and send New Year’s texts just as the clock hits

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.072165
Retrieved Text: Conscious Dating or the "Tinder Train"?
Sophie Bennett is a journalism student with long term interests in long form journalism, documentary and environmental activism.
The approval and acceptance of dating apps as a way of finding and meeting new people, is steadily increasing.
Studies show that 50 per cent of Australians under the age of 35, have used location based social searches. Tinder alone has around three million users in Australia.
But psychologist Dr Alicia Franklin, suggests that Tinder and other online dating services may be contributing to a "hook up" culture - rather than the promotion of long term relationships.
So how do people navigate the complexity of dating, particularly in Sydney?
The pool of local farmers in the Sydney basin is at an all-time low.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.054426
Retrieved Text: Published: Oct 16, 2018 at 6:26 a.m.
SYDNEY, N.S. — Soulvaria Virtual Reality and Gaming is offering discounts on gaming in exchange for Loaves and Fishes donations.
The promotion will run from Nov. 1-20 and will see a five per cent discount applied when a donation of one non-perishable food item is made. The promotion will also see a 10 per cent discount when two food items are donated, 15 per cent off for three, 20 per cent off for four and a 25 per cent discount applied when five items are donated.
Soulvaria is located at 37 Nepean St., Sydney.
Go online to www.soulvaria.ca or phone 902-270-2637 for details.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.039442
Retrieved Text: Top off your visit to the festival of lights, music and ideas with a night at Primus Hotel Sydney!
If there's one place in the world where inspiration shines bright, it's Vivid Sydney. Returning for its eleventh year, Australia's most loved and awarded festival brings together light artists, music makes and brilliant minds to share their creativity with you. See the city transformed. Discover new artforms. Ride soundwaves. Spark new ideas and ignite conversations. Let your imagination take flight.
Vivid Light illuminates Sydney's skyline with Lights On! across eight precincts from 6pm - 11pm each evening between 24 May - 15 June 2019.
Start your Vivid experience with complimentary parking at Primus Hotel Sydney, conveniently located in the heart of Sydney. Once checked-in, enjoy pre-drinks in our grand lobby before taking a short stroll from the hotel to explore the city's highlight Vivid attractions in Darling Harbour, Circular Quay and The Royal Botanical Gardens!
Subject to availability of rooms. Valet parking for one vehicle only. Complimentary inclusions are not exchangeable for cash or discount off total bill. Subject to availability of rooms. Black out dates may apply. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or discount. Promotion valid between 12 April 2019 to 15 June 2019 only. Travel dates between 24 may - 15 June 2019 only.

================



======= Instance Index 22 =========
Input Text: Context: Quinn finally found their lost puppy that ran away last week.

Question: How would Quinn feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: excited

B: very excited

C: very relieved

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.898138
Retrieved Text: FOUND Lost Lab/Rottweiler mix, White Twp.
Our dog Leo ran away around 5:15 tonight! We live Somerset Dr. in White twp. He is very friendly and very playful as he is just a year old! Please call or text 201-400-4143 he is a lab Rottweiler mix. He is black and brown and about 55 pounds.
Hi Diana, is there a picture of the dog? Maybe it can be posted on Facebook?
Thank you Tommy! Much appreciated!
Leo is still missing. His family includes 3 very sweet girls who all miss their puppy terribly. The family along with friends have been searching since he ran away on Wednesday. Please contact them or me through here if you have any information at all.
Leo has been found and is home safe and sound with his family!
Re: FOUND Lost Lab/Rottweiler mix, White Twp.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.455809
Retrieved Text: It’s suddenly June and summer is here in full force. It’s been really quiet here lately, just a few posts in the last few months. Let me tell you why.
In January we took our house off the market. We rearranged, repainted, restaged.
In February we put our house back on the market. We cleaned again and again and I spent a lot of time with daughter and two dogs driving around in the car.
In March we lost our puppy. She passed away in our arms after a short battle with a horrible pneumonia. I wish I could tell you more, but that’s all we learned from the autopsy.
Also in March we finally sold our house, to the same party that had the contingent offer in October. Finally.
In April we found a house. And we packed.
In May we sold our house and bought the new house. And then we moved.
Last weekend we said goodbye to our 11.5-year-old Boston Terrier. He was so sick, so suddenly. Our hearts broke for the second time in two months.
But… the new house feels like a new beginning. I will never forget the house where we lived for nearly 12 years. Where we ran and chased and played with those amazing dogs. Where we brought our daughter home when she was just two days old. The new house is beautiful and more than I ever could have hoped for. It’s strangely quiet, but that’s okay. For now.
It’s time to start writing again. To start creating again. Life has settled down.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.950947
Retrieved Text: Khemjira Klongsanun is a running enthusiast from Bangkok, Thailand.
Though she enjoys racing in competitions, Klongsanun knows some things are more important than setting a record time.
Last week, Klongsanun was participating in a local marathon when something caught her eye. There, about 7 miles into the 26-mile run, she spotted a tiny puppy on the roadside with no owner or mother in sight.
Rather than continue on her way and leave the little dog to face the world alone, Klongsanun decided to briefly put the race on hold. She stopped — and scooped the helpless puppy into her arms.
But then she did so much more.
For the next 19 miles, Klongsanun carried the puppy as she ran.
She was now safe and in good hands.
There was a chance, perhaps, that Klongsanun could have handed the puppy off to a willing spectator or race official, but she did not.
Sure enough, the puppy remained in Klongsanun's arms to the end.
They crossed the finish line together.
This, however, wouldn't be the end of the line for Klongsanun and her unlikely racing companion.
After the race, Klongsanun decided to take the puppy home to be a part of her family.
She got some much-needed rest along the way. © ‎Polsin Sinsamoe Klongsanun has since taken the puppy, now named Nong Chom, in for a checkup with a vet.
Later, she introduced her to her family's other dogs.
Nong Chom fit right in.
The once-lonely stray puppy was now surrounded by love.
Just in case Nong Chom's siblings and mother were around and in need of help, too, Klongsanun and Nong Chom

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.160007
Retrieved Text: ATLANTA (AP) — Coach Dan Quinn isn’t dwelling on how desperate the Atlanta Falcons are to avoid a 6-10 record.
It might not sound like much of an accomplishment after winning an NFC title and advancing to the second round of the playoffs in the last two seasons, but Quinn said the Falcons still have goals to attain.
After watching his team beat Carolina and Arizona in consecutive weeks, Quinn is proud that the defense created seven takeaways and the offense piled up 64 points. He said the wins were a result of players not quitting on each other during a five-game losing streak that ruined their wild-card chances.
The Falcons will return to practice Wednesday to prepare for the season finale at Tampa Bay. It’s their third straight game against a non-playoff opponent, but Quinn isn’t concerned so much about the matchup. His focus is on details like turnover margin, pass rush and establishing and stopping the run.
The defense has been energized with the return of middle linebacker Deion Jones, who has 27 solo tackles, one forced fumble, three pass breakups and an interception he ran back for a long touchdown since coming back four games ago from a foot injury.
Jones has what Quinn calls the “intent and speed” to make everyone around him better.
“Over that time, our turnover attempt has been better as well,” Quinn said. “I think we had a couple against Baltimore. We didn’t recover them. We had a couple of opportunities at Green Bay. We didn’t catch ’em.
Defensive tackle Grady Jarrett has three sacks,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.961473
Retrieved Text: CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Monsters captain David Liffiton will miss at least six weeks because of an upper-body injury, coach David Quinn said.
Liffiton, a defenseman, was injured in the first period of Lake Erie's 5-2 victory over Houston last Sunday at The Q.
"We'll know more in the next three to four weeks, when we see how it responds," Quinn said. "But the way things have gone with us, I'm pessimistic. It could be a lot longer than six weeks."
The Monsters (13-11-2-4) have been ravaged by injuries and call-ups -- and their season is just 30 games old. On defense alone, they have lost four of eight players who started the season. Kevin Shattenkirk is with the parent Colorado Avalanche, Joel Chouinard is injured, and Colby Cohen was traded to Boston.
Lake Erie signed defensemen Matt Generous and Julien Brouillette this week.
Liffiton has played in 18 games with Lake Erie. Last season, he played in 72 for the AHL's Syracuse Crunch.
"It's tough to lose David because he's definitely a presence on the ice and in our locker room," winger Tom Zanoski said. "We have a lot of strong character guys, so hopefully this will just make us stronger."
Zanoski realizes that nobody is going to feel sorry for his club, no matter the degree of roster turnover.
"Everybody goes through some type of injury situation," he said. "In hockey, you know changes are part of the deal. You play your cards and keep going."
The day before Liffiton was injured, the Monsters lost talented right winger Matthew Ford to an upper-body injury.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.61381
Retrieved Text: I’m starting a 4 hour story contest. Please submit a short story for the contest.
Story must be submitted in 4 hours at the latest.
Story must start with this sentence: Siena was the silliest puppy in the world, but sometimes she got herself into a lot of trouble.
Your stories will be judged in 4 hours.
Oh! And please submit your story in the comments!
Sienna was the silliest puppy in the world, but sometimes she got herself into a lot of trouble. Her best friend was her girl, Ellie. One day, Ellie and a pair of bigger humans who lived with them went out. The humans came home crying, and Sienna licked Ellie’s face. Ellie laughed and said, “Hi, Sienna. We just found out I’m really sick, but don’t worry, I’ll be fine. I have cancer.” Sienna just kept licking, but that night, laying at Ellie’s feet, she wondered if Ellie would really be okay. The next day, the whole family, including Sienna, went to the hospital. Sienna hopped up on Ellie’s new bed, but was immediately pulled off. She whimpered as the lady in white said, “Sorry, no support animals.” So Sienna went home. But that night, she jumped out Ellie’s bedroom window, and ran through the hospital to her. With Sienna hidden under the bed, Ellie got better.
Sienna was the silliest puppy in the world, but sometimes she got herself into a lot of trouble.
I felt dizzy, my mouth filled up with water and knees buckled underneath me. I had to sit down.
“You cant be serious, she

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.593864
Retrieved Text: It was a beautiful summer day in July 2010. We had been living in Northern Ireland for around three month, and were crammed in to my farther in law’s house while we found a permanent place to live. Neil is about 18months old in this picture.
We had a big tent out in the garden, and had been out all afternoon enjoying the sunshine when this little puppy came running up the street and in to our garden. Neil and the puppy instantly became friends, they look so sweet together in this photo.
We gave the puppy some water and played with it for a little while. It had no collar on, we didn’t know if it was a stray or if it was lost, I planned to keep it in the garden and let Neil play with it until we could find who it belonged to. Unfortunately the puppy was very small, and after about half an hour of playing in the garden, it wriggled under our gate and ran away.
That was the last we saw of Neil’s little friend, I put the kids in the pram and took a walk around the village to see if I could find it, I didn’t like the idea of a small puppy running around on it’s own, but it was nowhere to be seen. I still sometimes wonder if the wee pet made it home safely, or where it went.
Me to… poor wee thing!
That's such a sad but wonderful story. Little Neil looks absolutely besotted with the puppy, it

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.207148
Retrieved Text: LEE’S SUMMIT, Mo. – A Florida couple visiting the metro has been frantically searching for their missing puppy who ran off Saturday. Fox 4's Zac Summers just received a message from Brittany Green, who said they've found Daisy. Fox 4 will update this story with more details, as we learn more from her.
Brittany Green and Brett Kreikemeier brought their two dogs with them to visit relatives in Lee’s Summit for the holidays. The couple’s lab mix, Daisy, ran away one day after they arrived.
“She got scared of the train, we think, and she ran out of the doggy door and nudged her way through a fence opening,” Green said.
The couple has distributed 1,000 posters to try to find Daisy. They also have several food trails and have left clothes on their vehicle in hopes that Daisy will pick up their scents.
“I mean, we feel like we’ve done everything, and so this is our last resort,” Green said, pointing to a catch trap.
On Wednesday, the Lee’s Summit Animal Control Division set up three traps, stocked with food and blankets, near sewer drains. The couple believes the 1-year-old puppy might be seeking shelter in the drains in the area of N.E. Main and Vine streets.
The couple said the latest sighting of the Daisy was Tuesday and most of the sightings have been after nightfall.
“With her being skittish and shy, the dark is obviously colder, but it’s better for her,” Kreikemeier said.
Although the last four days have been stressful for the couple, they said the support from the community

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.171038
Retrieved Text: Our remodeling project is moving along swiftly. The entire kitchen is gutted and looks tremendously large now that it is just studs instead of walls. Tomorrow, we start tearing out a section that will take the roof up about 9 feet. It was a fake drop ceiling over an old bar area. Next, we will demolish a wall which was between the kitchen and bar area. I cannot wait to see the sunlight come pouring in from the giant sliding glass doors off the bar area. What felt closed off will be now airy and spacious!
Also, I have discovered the joy of clearing out old furniture. Craigslist is my new best friend. I have been selling pieces of hodge-podge furniture that we never really bought. We just were given it or it was left with us in the family home. I’ve learned that there are people who are looking for all kinds of furniture (no matter the condition) and they pay cash for it. Lovely!
All of this to say that having less is really feeling nice. Our house felt so cluttered from combining households many years ago. Freeing up space seems to free up my mind and my spirit. I’m really enjoying letting go of these “things”, detaching, and gaining some breathing room. I’m realizing that having order around you does affect you physically, mentally, emotionally and spiritually. I think I will plan my new rooms around this concept and see how it feels. So excited to see the results for me and my family.
Remodeling is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.045895
Retrieved Text: Last week, in part one of our two-part series on fuel programs, we examined fuel card fraud and ways that you can help protect your company.
In this second part, we spoke to Amy Blaine, Donlen Director, Strategic Consulting and Sustainability, and Kathy Quinn, Donlen Manager of Fleet Fuel Programs, about the power of utilizing business intelligence reports to manage costs.
Shocking is right. For one large fleet, Kathy pulled a Lost Opportunity Report available from Comdata, Donlen’s fuel program partner and provider of our Donlen Fleet MasterCard® Card. The Lost Opportunity Report compares a fleet’s actual fuel locations versus lower cost fuel locations within the same zip code. For the months of January and February, the report uncovered potential savings of $60,000 and $50,000 respectively. Yes, that’s a per month potential saving.
The numbers hold up for smaller fleets as well. “Depending on driver habits and the diligence of the program manager, this type of data can have an impact on any size fleet,” said Amy.
So I’ve pulled a report. Now what?
Communicating with branch managers and drivers is one of the most important things you can do. First, helping them to understand not only the potential long-term savings, but also their role in the success of your fuel program.
“It helps to have a policy around driver behavior and someone actively managing the program,” said Amy. “Fleet managers can track the average fuel prices in the area and direct drivers to purchase fuel at or below that price.
In a few weeks, we’ll continue our look at fuel program options,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.01249
Retrieved Text: I found the perfect breeder for me. She has been awesome and does have puppies on the ground. So I went up to meet the pups yesterday and discussed contracts, feeding, health clearances, pedigrees and the whole nine yards. I met the mother who is petite but a sweetheart. One of the breeder's tests is how the mom reacts to potential buyers and she ran right up to me. I also got to meet the 7 puppies (1 girl, 6 boys). I'll be getting one of the boys. They are 3 weeks old and about 3 lbs. She had me help her trim nails so I could get lots of hands on time with the puppies. We stayed for about 6.5 hours playing with the puppies for awhile then her adults.
The adults were the second test her 1 yr old came and sat in my lap immediately. The big male went straight to Tim. Then the rest of the gang mobbed us. Her 3 yr old wild child was running laps around the cars and wiped out into her sister. They were all awesome dogs the male sat in all of our laps and the others came and sat on him so we had quite the dogpile going LOL. We had a blast between puppy breath and snuggle time with the bigs paws.
Here's a link to my pics of the day on facebook. Sorry they're a bit dark and blurry but the puppies just opened their eyes last week so we didn't use the flash.
I'm soooo

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.859846
Retrieved Text: Aughlisnafin U-12’s maintained their position at the top of East Down Division 3 with two wins in five days writes Geároid Ó Lionnacháin.
Last Tuesday evening they were away to Kilclief and defeated them 4-8 to 4-4. The team and scorers were A Flanagan, M Croskery, A Lenaghan, C Steen, C Matthews, R King, S Croskery (2-2, 1 ’25), M Flanagan (0-1), C Donnelly (1-0), C King (1-3), R Clarke (0-2) Subs : N Sexton, A Quinn, N King. An impressive club debut for ten year old Conor Donnelly.
On Sunday morning the U-12’s recorded a comfortable 11-7 to 0-4 win over neighbours Dundrum. Good performances all over the pitch with Adam Lenaghan, Conor Matthews, Marc Quinn, Conor Steen and Aaran Flanagan keeping the defence very tight. Morgan Croskery and Ruari King impressed in midfield and with all the forwards getting on the scoresheet it is testament to good teamwork and sharing the responsibilities. Shea Croskery did well in nets and when called on he was quick and confident with his distribution. The team (13 aside) and scorers were S Croskery (1-0), A Flanagan, A Lenaghan, C Steen, C Matthews, M Quinn, M Croskery (2-0), R King, M Flanagan (0-1), C Donnelly (2-0), C Murphy (3-3), C King (3-2), J Keenan (0-1) Sub : A Quinn. Next match is away to fellow table toppers Teconnaught next Sunday.
The U-14’s lost away to Bright last Monday evening. Next up is Dromara at home tomorrow(Monday) evening followed by another home game next Monday 20 May against St Joseph’s.
The U-16’s match against

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.536478
Retrieved Text: It was a lesson in how to turn adversity into triumph. Diminutive Owen Byatt may not have come away from Glan ‘Y Gors with a race win under his belt, but in both finals he produced the kind of gutsy display that won applause from all who witnessed it.
In varying weather conditions, Zach Robertson, Tom Wood, Jack Armstrong and Oliver York filled the top four Timed Qualifying slots. York was mightily relieved that his engine problems throughout Friday and Saturday morning appeared to have been solved. He duly finished 2nd behind Wood in Heat 1 with Tyler Chesterton and Will Pettitt making up the top four. Next time out it was Wood’s turn to finish 2nd as Lewis Thompson claimed the win.
Sean Butcher finished 3rd ahead of Ethan Hawkey. Thompson’s day took a turn for the worse when he ran into Alex McDade in Heat 3. It promoted him initially into 3rd position whilst causing Alex to lose eight places. However, this incident caused Lewis to be excluded. York won this one by a matter of inches from Alex Quinn with Teddy Wilson and Zach Robertson finishing some distance behind. After being excluded in Heat 2, Byatt was classified 37th out of 38 contenders and started the “B” Final off grid 11. He finished this race in 2nd place behind Joe Turney, with Tyler Chesterton 3rd. Having started from the pit lane, Jack Armstrong thought he’d done enough to qualify but was deemed to be a lap behind. This promoted Wesley Brown into 4th position.
York made

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.53067
Retrieved Text: 4th Place – Braggabull – pointer female ( Bullybragg x Bullerina) Mark Hughes -owner/handler, Ernie and Karen Saniga – breeders.
Thank you to Pat Cooke and John Cappocci for judging this years Puppy Classic. Another big thanks goes to Peter and Katy Flanagan for letting us use their beautiful grounds. The course had bird cover, open woods to show a dog and big field at the end to finish a dog going away to the front. And finally thank you to the breeders and owners that support the Grouse Futurity. Hope to see you all this fall in Michigan at the Futurity.
A few pictures from the Puppy Classic….
Tom Coulter(rt side) came down from Canada to run his pup. His friend Cliff Durk also ran a pup and their wives were along to see what it was about.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.425056
Retrieved Text: Two weekends ago a wonderful young couple came to the shelter to meet Addy. They spent many hours with him trying to gain his trust and with just a bit of cheese, Addy decided he was SURE he had found his home.
Last week, the couple came back to pick him up to take him home to his forever wonderful home. To christen the new life, they gave him a new name, Yogi.
We all want to thank everyone who shared Yogi's profile to help get him noticed. We are also so thankful to his wonderful family who came to meet him and give him a chance knowing that he had not had much human interaction.
The first pup I loved on at the shelter was Addy. He sat on my lap and posed for photos. Now, he will just stand at my feet looking up with sweet, sad eyes, but when I bend down to pick him up he is terrified. There is little to no human contact for some of these beautiful souls at the shelter. Please, if you have the space and time, please consider fostering Addy. He needs out of the shelter life desperately. He was just not made to come out of it sanely if he is left too long.
Addy urgently needs out of the shelter!
He is a three-month old puppy who came to the shelter with his 7 brothers and sisters. Last week, 6 of the puppies were pulled to receive treatment for whipworm, campylobacter and medication to help breakdown the chicken bones

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.368977
Retrieved Text: Let me just say now … we love this show. At times it has a cheese factor stronger than the stench of a Parisian gym, but then it reels me back in as quickly as it lost me. I think the key to this show lies directly within he female leads. Lea Michele (Rachel Berry) has brought it hard from day one — the way she belts out anything from RiRi to old school Broadway is this show’s golden ticket, by far. Last week, Dianna Agron (Quinn Fabray) showed us that she is just as threatening vocally as she is in the hotness department. But the series’ true diva, Amber Riley (Mercedes Jones), finally got to shine last night as she broke windows literally and physically.
Now all that’s left to wow me are the female (well one of them) faculty, mainly Jane Lynch (Sue Sylvester) and Jayma Mays (Emma Pillsbury). The fellas got their shot this week as the newly formed Acafellas (this was the cheese factor I was speaking of), so I’m thinking a rendition of Annies “Little Girls” by Coach Sylvester is in order, no?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.255999
Retrieved Text: Espada and a group of tenant activists were involved in a nasty spat in Albany yesterday [video]. As the chair of the Senate's housing committee, Espada has long been accused of holding up tenant-friendly legislation.
As you've likely heard by now, yesterday evening state legislators finally completed the budget. Espada had been criticized in recent days for attempting to hold things up, before eventually relenting. Here's the press release he sent out late last night, and here's a full page ad he ran in El Diario recently in which he claims he's been "vilified" by the press.
Away from Espada: several community gardens in the Bronx are now home to chickens.
Faced with huge fee hikes, fruit and vegetable merchants at the Hunts Points market are threatening to move elsewhere.
Last Saturday, a 25-year-old man was shot dead in Melrose in the courtyard of the building in which he lived.
Police say a Bronx grandfather who was attacked by a group of men in Mott Haven on July 24, and who later died in hospital, was murdered for his cellphone.
Morrie Yohai, the 90-year-old founder of Cheez Doodles, died last week at his home on Long Island Sound. Yohai grew up in the Bronx and created the ubiquitous snack in the 1950s after taking over the Bronx food factory his father owned.
Anthony Rotunno, the former principal of Kennedy High School who resigned after a state audit found that $90,000 in bake sale money was missing, has been fired from his new job in Westchester, after officials there learned of the probe.
A Bronx

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.033861
Retrieved Text: Admittedly, my skills as a photographer aren’t my forte. The healing wand pictured, including crystals I’ve gotten from you wonderful folks at Healing Crystals, facilitated the amazing story I’m sharing. I’ve included a couple pics of the puppy referenced as well. His name is Ka’nui. I call him Puppy Kamakawiwo’ole, as he is a big little guy and reminds me of Brudda Iz (Israel Kamakawiwo’ole, a beloved Hawai’ian musician who passed away years ago).
A good friend and colleague of mine called me, quite upset, explaining that her puppy was very ill – in pain and seemed to have lost his sight. She’d received a very serious diagnosis and was concerned for his life. I also felt concern for the cute little guy, having seen him shortly after his birth. He’s only 9 weeks old. None of us wanted him in pain, of course. He wasn’t resting well and seemed to be having seizures, unable to get comfortable, and didn’t open his eyes. When he did open his eyes, only the whites showed.
I’m no veterinarian; I provide energy healing. Who could say no to a sweet fluffy puppy! So I sent the puppy energy via distance healing and then went over to see him in person. At first as I sent the energy, he ran around and around the house, but didn’t bump into anything even though his eyes weren’t open fully. Then he became very calm, sat still, and watched the tip of the healing wand – through CLOSED eyes. After that, he slept soundly for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.031912
Retrieved Text: Mainly clear. Low 33F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph.
Brett Barkle shows just how easy it’ll be to ski down the mountain with your new powder puppy once Ski Inc. begins giving them away next year.
Editor's note: This story originally ran as part of the Aspen Daily News' 2019 April Fools edition. It is purely satirical and all references to real life people and businesses are fabricated.
Following up on their successful “powder pancakes” campaign, Aspen Skiing Incorporated has announced that they will be giving away “powder puppies” during the 2019-20 season.
Free pancakes were given away at on-mountain restaurants on days where overnight snow accumulations were more than 8”. For the puppies, snow will have to total 60” over a week, but Henley said that considering how much snow the 2018-19 season had, that shouldn’t be a problem.
The dogs will be aged two to six months and will come from a mixture of pet shops, shelters and random dogs found wandering at the Woody Creek trailer park.Icon Pass holders get first choice of powder puppies, which Henley said is just another incentive to get more out-of-towners on the mountains. Ski Inc. season pass holders get selection after that and those with a 7-day Vintage Pass get whatever mutts are leftover.
The powder puppies are sure to be a draw on the mountains next year, and despite previous years’ snowfall and the fake news of climate change, there is no way Aspen won’t be getting enough powder to guarantee a puppy for every Icon Pass holder who wants

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.977467
Retrieved Text: Her days at Hopechest Ranch were filled with the joy of helping others. Slowly her breathing returned to normal and she glanced at the clock on her nightstand. But Jewel's nights were plagued by fear. Carla grew up in a small Kansas town. She wrote as Carla Cook. She was a Kansas City Chiefs cheerleader and local theater actress before she packed her bags and moved to New York City with dreams of becoming a dancer and actress. In the last six months since coming to Esperanza, Texas, she and the woods had become intimate friends.
Quinn had also known sorrow. Sixteen years later she returns with her daughter to make peace with her past. Or was she falling in love with a man out to destroy her sanity and her life? The beautiful psychologist ran a ranch for troubled kids, but her own life seemed marked by grievous loss. The beautiful psychologist ran a ranch for troubled kids, but her own life seemed marked by grievous loss. Her days at Hopechest Ranch were filled with the joy of helping others.
Until the handsome vet chased away the terror. Could she trust Quinn and the passion he offered? Now, Mariah will have to confront the unthinkable-and reclaim the broken pieces of her shattered past. Her days at Hopechest Ranch were filled with the joy of helping others. The beautiful psychologist ran a ranch for troubled kids, but her own life seemed marked by grievous loss. Quinn had also known sorrow.
But Jewel's nights were plagued by fear. The beautiful

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.971308
Retrieved Text: Comet and Chaos "Yep we are ready, what do you want us to do?"
Carlo "You know what they say about big ears!"
has also failed his hip x rays and so he cannot not take his place on the course either. I have never had 2 dogs fail their hip x rays on a course in 20 years of being involved in the puppy program.
I had been very excited about going over to Germany to collect our new puppy Carlo last week but the news about Gizzy and Duke has left me thoroughly demoralised and feeling very despondent knowing how much effort and dedication had been put in by our puppy walkers Annie Miller and Lyn Parlour.
Both dogs have been found excellent new homes and will no doubt have a wonderful life ahead of them but that doesn’t make it any less painful for the puppy walkers and in Gizzy’s case his handler Lee Adamson who had taken possession of Gizzy from Annie months ago to prepare for the course. It was especially sad for Annie because she also puppy walked Lee’s first Police dog Vinny.
Finding replacement dogs for our handlers on the September 2015 Initial Police dog course was now the priority with time running out.
I contacted friends and contacts of mine in Germany to see if there was any possibility of any Potential Police dogs over there that might be available. They very kindly advertised our plight and found several young dogs that they thought might be suitable.
Unfortunately having assessed them I found that they

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.794312
Retrieved Text: April 23, 2003 -- The Buffalo Sabres' ownership situation, for so long a rock under the Knox brothers, had wandered into the wilderness for several years. The names of the members of the Rigas family and Mark Hamister had proven that point.
That journey finally ended when Rochester's B. Thomas Golisano officially, and finally, took control of the team.
"The deal has been closed," Golisano said at a news conference on the floor of HSBC Arena. "The Buffalo Sabres are secure and stable in their home in Buffalo." Golisano had been in the mix to buy the team when Rigas' Adelphia Communications Corporation imploded, but he initially lost out to Hamister. When Hamister's bid didn't come together, Golisano became the last hope to keep the team in Buffalo.
Golisano acted quickly to lure some of the Sabres' fans back, as he lowered season-ticket prices to 2001-02 levels. Then he named Larry Quinn, the former president of the team, to the title of managing partner.
"[Quinn] "did a tremendous job in negotiating us through this entire project," Golisano said.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.776733
Retrieved Text: The body of a teenager who drowned off Atlantic City last week as he tried to save the life of a friend was found Thursday morning, authorities said.
Ramon Quinn's body was spotted by a person walking on the beach just past 9 a.m. at Morris Avenue, according to the city police department.
Quinn, 15, and Kaliyah Hand, 16, went under after struggling in surf during an outing with friends on June 15. Hand's body was found Monday morning on a Margate beach.
Earlier, fog and choppy waters forced crews on Friday to call off the search for Hand, of Atlantic City, and Quinn, of Pleasantville, N.J.
Family members said Quinn tried to save Hand as she was pulled from the shore by a rip current, a funnel of rapidly seaward-moving water with speeds up to 8 feet per second that results from the interactions of waves, currents, and surf conditions. He, too, was swept away in the rough waters, police said.
"That little guy was a hero. He will always be a hero in my book. It's a tragedy," Hand's father, Dirk Spence, told the Atlantic City Press.
Quinn was selfless, said his stepfather, Will Black of Atlantic City.
"He risked his life to save a young girl. That's the kind of person he is," Black said.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.721106
Retrieved Text: When Animal Aid Unlimited, India received a call about an injured puppy hiding in a plastic bag, they immediately jumped into action. Rescuers headed over to the area where the puppy was found. They carefully approached the plastic bag and started to open it.
The puppy yelped in pain as the rescuers moved the bag. The puppy had a bad injury on his hip, and he was also covered in mange.
The rescuers tried to pick the puppy up, but every time they touched him he yelped. Finally, they were able to coax him out of the bag with biscuits. The starving puppy gratefully ate as much as he could.
After the puppy ate, one of the rescuers carefully put him up in a towel. The poor puppy yelped again but then quieted down when he was in the rescuer’s arms.
“This dear little boy was suffering so much, his worried eyes never relaxed for even a moment in the first several days after rescue,” Animal Aid Unlimited wrote.
The rescuers rushed to Animal Aid Unlimited’s sanctuary. Once they got there, they immediately began treating the puppy’s deep hip injury. They also gave him a bath, and they began giving him medicine to cure his mange.
For six weeks, the rescuers cared for the puppy, giving him the medicine he needed and plenty of food to help him get up to a healthy weight. Finally, all their hard work paid off!
Six weeks after arriving at the sanctuary, the puppy looked like a whole new dog. He had a healthy coat of black

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.623188
Retrieved Text: #COLORADO: The mother of the chief suspect in this morning’s cinema shooting in Colorado – in which 12 people were killed, and 38 others injured – has said police “have the right person”. James Holmes, 24, was arrested by police this morning. Police and SWAT teams have been searching his apartment today after Holmes said he had left explosives there. Among the shooting victims is a three-month-old baby.
#E.COLI: Clare County Council was forced today to prohibit swimming and watersports at three of the county’s popular beaches after traces of e-coli were found in the water. The decision to close the beaches at Lahinch, Kilkee and Spanish Point was taken in consultation with the Health Service Executive.
#QUINNS: Gardaí are this evening continuing their search for Peter Darragh Quinn, the nephew of bankrupt former billionaire Seán Quinn, after he was jailed for three months for contempt of court today. Seán Quinn Junior was also imprisoned, though Quinn Sr escaped a prison term. The sentence follows last month’s conviction when all there were found to have breached court orders relating to their international assets.
#SOCIAL WELFARE: A new report has shown that almost half of the Irish population – 2.2 million people – benefit from some kind of social welfare payment each week. The Department of Social Protection’s annual report outlined that spending on state pensions cost just over €6 billion last year, with over 522,000 people receiving the payment.
#RYANAIR: Ryanair has apologised to a woman who claims she was “humiliated” after being refused permission to bring a change of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.554457
Retrieved Text: FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. (AP) Coach Dan Quinn knows the Atlanta Falcons' season is at a tipping point.
Riding a three-game losing streak, the Falcons trail five teams for the second NFC wild-card spot. Atlanta (4-7) has almost no margin for error as it prepares to host Baltimore (6-5).
Quinn gave his team a primer Monday on the biggest areas of concern in practice this week. First is turnover margin. The defense has one fumble recovery all season. No team has fewer. The offense had four giveaways in a blowout loss at New Orleans, three in the red zone.
Quinn's other big issues are in the run game. With 26 net yards against the Saints, Atlanta had not performed that poorly since gaining 17 in a loss at San Francisco in 2015.
It's no better on the defensive side. The Falcons have been gouged by four premier backs over the last three weeks, with Nick Chubb, Ezekiel Elliott, Alvin Kamara and Mark Ingram combining for 439 yards and two touchdowns.
"It's for the run offense to provide that balance that we need to make the play-action go and to add to the toughness that we want, and then defensively we stack the box, and the times that we've gotten into trouble is when we've lost gap control," Quinn said. "It's not a question of being stout enough or being strong enough. It's when we've gotten out of our gap. One guy does it wrong and there's not another guy there to knock it over."
There are other trouble spots, too. Matt Ryan leads

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.548319
Retrieved Text: Tres left today to go to his new home. All of the puppies have awesome homes. I will miss them, but I know they will have great families that love them as much as I did while they were here.Here's one of the last photos of Tres at my house.
So, at 9 weeks old Trixie is all by herself. I'm not sure if she is sad, or relieved that her brothers aren't around. Now she gets us all to herself. Denise gave the puppies this little bed. Trixie has decided it's hers!
I'll miss all of them. What a great bunch of puppies.
Timber loves the puppies. He is very gentle with them. So when he wants to see them, he flys into their pen for a visit and when he's done he flys out. Anyone have any wings we could add to these photos?
Not only was it Father's Day and the puppies 7-week birthday, today was a beautiful, sunny June day. So the puppies got to play outside most of the day while we were working in the yard. Ed took a video tape of the puppies running all around the pen.
But of course after playtime, the best thing puppies do is sleep. And I have to be honest, the easiest way to photograph puppies at this age is when they are sleeping!
Trixie is independent but will make a loyal pet once she learns to work with her humans.
He accepts humans easily and will make a good pet. He will adapt to new situations well.
Lost Boy is

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.288067
Retrieved Text: HOSTS AFC HENLEY HAWKS U12s ran out comfortable 6-0 winners in their East Berks League clash with WINNERSH RANGERS AVENGERS U12s at Jubilee Park last Saturday.
The Hawks started well and within minutes had secured a corner kick taken by Jenson Lea. Centre back Mikey Dowling came up for the corner and took a shot that was blocked.
A few minutes later play had moved to the opposite end and keeper Max Messias was forced to make a save. His ensuing goal kick started a Henley break that culminated in a shot by striker Jamie Halliwell which hit the crossbar. Another Henley break followed orchestrated by Lucas Wilson, Halliwell and George Acock but it was ruled offside.
Henley took the lead when a goal kick from Messias found Halliwell who passed to Lea who touched it through to Leo Schlaefli and ran on. Schlaefli found Conor Quinn who passed on to Lea who found the back of the net after 24 minutes.
Schlaefli and Wilson were working hard on the left of the pitch, driving the attack up the wing. The Avengers were forced to put the ball out for a Lea throw in to Schlaefli. Schlaefli battled to the box and passed back to Lea who put the ball away to the right of the keeper making it 2-0 to the Hawks after 27 minutes.
The Hawks came out strong in the second half with a corner secured for Harry Graham in the second minute.
Half way through the second half Quinn had a punt on goal and it went just

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.259449
Retrieved Text: The first edition of NFL Network’s Thursday night football debuts this week, and they got somewhat of a stinker, as the 3-5 Cleveland Browns will play host to the 4-4 Denver Broncos. The game does hold some promise, as the Browns have made a major lineup move, as they have pushed out QB Derek Anderson, and have put in first-round draft pick of 2007 Brady Quinn.
There is high anticipation for the matchup on the Browns fans side just because of Quinn being in the lineup. Anderson was pulled due to the fact he’s been way too inconsistent, and even last week he threw a huge pick in a high pressure situation when he threw a pick six to Terrell Suggs down by three with close to three minutes left in the eventual 37-27 loss.
It will be interesting to see if the playbook is scaled down for Quinn, or if they are going to throw the book at him with just two days of practice, which is unlikely. Look for a lot of Jamal Lewis, which is not a bad idea, and he can exploit the Broncos run defense, which is suffering from some injuries. If Lewis can have a big night, which he should, Quinn can very well succeed in his first start.
The Broncos are struggling, as a 4-4 team in first place in the AFC West, they have lost three of their last four games and seem to be fading fast. Jay Cutler and the lack of offense as of late is just one reason

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.233877
Retrieved Text: a small white dog with a long, fine white coat that has the texture of cotton.
And not just any one-in-million dog, but a pedigree Coton de Tulear, a niche variety so finely bred that they all look pretty much identical.
Barbra Streisand cloned her 14-year-old Coton de Tulear dog Samantha - twice.
Her Coton de Tulear, named Samantha/Sammie/likely other affectionate doggie-isms, recently passed away.
Here, Ahimsa House took possession of the Coton De Tulear name Sugar, not for domestic abuse, but in order to hold him hostage to recover attorney fees stemming from Sonia Levine's divorce case that her former spouse, Sam Levine agreed to pay in exchange for the dog.
Making their first appearances are the coton de tulear, an easygoing companion breed known as the "royal dog of Madagascar,'' and the wirehaired vizsla, a stalwart Hungarian hunting dog.
Chilly Pasternak, a poodle from Richmond and Baby Hope Diamond, a Coton de Tulear from New York, took vows that will create a page for them in the history of pet weddings.
A 6,000 dollars custom wedding dress for the tiny Coton de Tulear, sushi spread worth 5,000 dollars, and a 15,000 dollars seven-piece orchestra are just a few paraphernalia set for the Thursday night puppy nuptials valued at 250,000 dollars.
On Thursday evening last week our two adorable little white fluffy Coton de Tulear dogs (which look similar to West Highland White Terriers) ran out of our garden gate and have not been seen since.
MILLBURY -- Katie, the 14-week-old, 5-pound coton de Tulear puppy stolen during a West Millbury house break-in three

================



======= Instance Index 23 =========
Input Text: Context: skylar was hanging out with kendall so she met kendall's boyfriend's parents.

Question: What will Skylar want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: ignore kendall

B: talk to kendall

C: have fun with Skylar

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 47.922745
Retrieved Text: Last Sunday Kendall Jenner was spotted hanging out with our new obsession, Paris Jackson.
Like the squad couldn't get any better, right?
Afterwards, a fan account called Paris.Updates shared pics of the girls shopping together, a hater commented on Kendall's looks.
"Paris is so much more 'a natural beauty' and the 'beautiful girl nextdoor' Kendall is already like 'manufactured' she looks more like a fixed doll sooo...plastic."
Um, rude. But, Kendall's new BFF wasn't having it, commenting back to the user just how gorgeous Kendall really is.
"To my knowledge she hasn't gotten any procedures done so unless you know that for a fact i don't think it's very fair to call her plastic. she definitely has that total natural beauty thing going on. just my opinion."
We'll take Paris' word for it, but more importantly... we're SO here for this new friendship.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 42.736538
Retrieved Text: On past episodes of her family's reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Kendall Jenner has voiced her concern and fears of stalkers. The model has suffered emotional abuse at the hands of a stalker in the past. Court documents obtained by Daily Mail show that a 62-year-old man by the name of Thomas Hummel had been stalking Kendall for months sending her alarming letters. In one letter he writes that Kendall has been in love with him since she the tender age of two, claiming that they met in the post office in 2008, and at Costco in 1998. In another, Hummel states that Kendall is an "internet w**re', who is 'cackling her way through life" says "[her] behavior puerile and self-centered."
Kendall was able to get a restraining order against Hummel, but unfortunately, it seems her stalker related troubles are far from over. 37-year-old Canadian citizen John Ford has continued to pursue Kendall despite being charged with trespassing in Kendall's gated community and being ordered to stay 1,000 feet away from it all times. Ford was able to enter Kendall's heavily guarded compound by scaling a mountainside located behind the complex, where the security was apparently non-existent. Ford was reportedly first spotted sitting by Kendall's pool, and then sitting on her porch the next day. Security is said to have been unable to capture Ford and he was able to get away before police arrived on the scene.
TMZ reports that now, security in the gated community has been reinforced, with new guards located along the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.335785
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner Talks Heartbreak and Anxiety for Harper's Bazaar: "I Thought I Was Going to Kill Myself"
What a day for profiles, friends. Harper's Bazaar has revealed their May cover for their 150th anniversary, fronted by none other than Kendall Jenner (in conjunction with Estée Lauder, of course) and who says many concerning things, while still being written off as a traditionally hyper media-trained like much of the Kardashian-Jenner clan.
While it's clear from the outset the writer did not get a copious amount of time with Jenner – he describes their interview as a coffee date with her and her bodyguard – the whole piece is peppered with startling reveals, which are mostly left as is without further probing. The profiler tells us Kendall's anxiety has ramped up of late, which she tells him she's had "her entire life", yet doesn't address her getting help beyond her security beef-up.
"I wake up in the middle of the night freaking out," is all she says about what sounds like a very serious mental disorder. "Full panic attacks. They wake me up from my sleep, and I need to stand up and I pace and I'm freaking out and crying...."I don't feel normal and I like to feel as normal as I possibly can."
And that's it, we move on. What Kendall is allowed to flesh out, ironically, how much she doesn't like to talk. As for her love life she says: "If I'm not fully, fully in it with someone, why would I make it public to everyone else? If

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.796005
Retrieved Text: Ford's been ordered by the judge to stay 100 yards away from Kendall and her home.
Kendall Jenner isn't taking any chances on her latest obsessed fan after he made his way onto her property -- 3 times already -- 'cause she just got a restraining order against him.
Kendall filed for and got a temporary restraining order Friday against 37-year-old Canadian citizen John Ford, who was placed on a 5150 psychiatric hold earlier this week.
We broke the story ... Ford was arrested Tuesday after Kendall's security team found him sitting on her front porch after he'd apparently scaled the unsecured mountainside leading up to her home. They called the cops and nabbed him before he could escape.
This is Ford's third incident of trespassing at Kendall's place. He was arrested last month for the same thing, and a criminal protective order was put in place to keep him the hell away from Kendall's gated community. He ignored that and came back twice more this month -- once ending up by her pool and another time ending up on her porch.
Now, Kendall's upped the ante by getting a civil restraining order to keep Ford away from Kendall's gated community.
Ford is being held on $56,000 bail.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.63409
Retrieved Text: Thompson also reacts to Kendall's comments to Love magazine, when she appeared to mock fellow models for doing "30 shows a season, or whatever the f--k those girls do."
Model Larsen Thompson just got back from attending her very first series of Fashion Weeks, and next year, she's hoping to graduate from spectator to participant.
She looks up to the new wave of top supermodels -- including Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid and Bella Hadid -- who have risen to fame in a way most of their fashion predecessors did not: They had the influence of their famous families.
'North West' Recaps 'KUWTK' -- See Family's Softball Game Drama with A-Rod!
But that doesn't always mean they've had it "easy." Kendall has often vocalized the hardships of being related to one of the most famous family in the world on several episodes of "Keeping Up with the Kardashians." And while Larsen thinks "it comes easier for [Kendall, Gigi and Bella to make it] than for some models who don't have famous parents," she also believes that notoriety is something they never sought.
"They were put in a position they can't control," Larsen told TooFab during a recent interview. "I mean, you can't control that your mom is Yolanda Hadid and [your dad is] Mohamed Hadid. And you can't control that your mom's Kris Jenner. Honestly, I think they could've gone [any] route in this industry. They could've gone into acting or singing or dancing or modeling."
"[Gigi and Bella] are both so beautiful on the outside, and I've never met them before, but

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.381996
Retrieved Text: This year, the slip dress has dominated as the go-to party look for plenty of our favorite trendsetters, each who has put her own spin on the style. Bella Hadid wore one cinched with a belt, and Leandra Medine styled one underneath a skirt. But just when you may have thought we'd exhausted the pool of creative ways to wear the slip, Kendall Jenner is here to change your mind.
After walking in the Victoria's Secret fashion show last week, the model headed straight to Miami where she was spotted on the beach wearing a slip dress tucked into a pair of high-waisted jeans. While normally it might seem tricky to tuck all that fabric into a pair of pants, since Kendall's dress is slim fitted and has a short hemline, she can pull it off without adding to much bulk. With the addition of sneakers and statement jewelry, Kendall's look is a daytime ensemble that still feels fancy.
Read on to check out Kendall's slip dress trick, and to shop similar styles so you can try it out yourself!
On Kendall Jenner: Are You am I Misa Dress ($349); Re/Done x Levi's High Rise Jeans ($264); Céline sneakers; Linda Farrow sunglasses.
For a daytime ensemble, Kendall tucked her slip into a pair of jeans and finished her look off with slip-on sneakers.
The cutout back makes this a pretty party dress.
Layer with a tee below for extra coverage.
Leave the slip dress untucked, or try a half-tuck to mix things up.
Would you wear a slip with jeans? Let us know in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.534966
Retrieved Text: Selena Gomez reveals Kendall Jenner has a secret boyfriend | HELLO!
Selena Gomez forms part of the hottest girl gang in the celebrity world, but the Good For You singer, who used to date Justin Bieber, is the only single one among her group of friends. The star revealed that Kendall Jenner is spoken for, leaving fans speculating as to who the mystery man could be.
In an interview on Capital FM, presenter Roman Kemp asked if he could join Selena's gang, to which she replied: "Maybe not for the squad necessarily but boyfriend material is always good…none of them are single just so you know. Taylor is not single, Gigi is not single, neither is Kendall. I am the only single one!"
Taylor Swift recently celebrated her one-year anniversary with Calvin Harris, while Gigi Hadid is officially the girlfriend of singer Zayn Malik, but who is Kendall's new beau?
Although the Victoria's Secret model's life is highly publicised, she prefers to keep her personal life under wraps, leaving her Kardashian sisters to lead high-profile lives on social media.
Since the 20-year-old rekindled her relationship with One Direction star Harry Styles in December, she has not been romantically linked to anyone - until now.
Who is Kendall's mystery man?
The pair, who first dated in 2013, seemingly confirmed their romance as they enjoyed a holiday together in the Caribbean in late December. The couple were pictured kissing and cuddling on board a luxury yacht moored off the island of St Barts, with many speculating that they were very much an item.
However, just one

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.384235
Retrieved Text: AN obsessed man who tried to torch his ex-lover's home after refusing to admit their relationship was over has had his potentially life-long sentence upheld by top judges.
Paul Kendall, of Torquay Crescent, Stevenage, received an indefinite jail sentence - termed "imprisonment for the public protection" (IPP) - after admitting attempted arson being reckless whether life was endangered.
The 41-year-old, who had drunk himself into "oblivion" when he committed the crime, had his sentence upheld last Thursday at London's Criminal Appeal Court by Judge Gordon who described it as a "wholly proper sentence".
Kendall's intended victim was his ex-girlfriend Alison Dady, whom he had repeatedly hounded and harassed after she broke up with him in May last year.
He was already subject to a court restriction order for earlier offences of harassment when he attempted the arson, said Judge Gordon, adding that Kendall clearly "found it difficult" to accept their relationship was over.
The restriction order barred Kendall from contacting Ms Dady directly or indirectly, or from straying near her home in Stevenage.
The attempted arson occurred as she was at home one evening, suddenly discovering that jets of lighter fuel were being squirted in through her letterbox by her obsessed pursuer.
Kendall was arrested when he returned to the scene half an hour later.
The sentencing judge said it was only "pure chance" that prevented a substantial fire breaking out.
Judge Gordon - sitting with Lord Justice Moses and Mr Justice Keith - dismissed Kendall's sentence appeal.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.33711
Retrieved Text: Zach, Erica and Ryan agree on one thing - Greenlee stole Spike! Jack isn't so sure. Kendall learns the truth about Spike.
Jack and Erica are kissing all the way through the airport, both in their own world. She tells Jack she likes their illicit affair and isn't looking forward to getting back together for real. Pam walks in with Josh. He tells them about Kendall's labor and missing Spike, shocking Jack and Erica.
Joe introduces Zach to the specialist they've brought in to treat Kendall. They begin talking about different medical approaches but all Zach can think about is Kendall, who is sleeping. Kendall wakes, worried about the baby. Joe reassures her that the baby is fine. They tell her about the specialist which panics Kendall. Zach sits with her, saying the specialist is just a precaution and that the baby is fine. The specialist returns and begins to examine Kendall.
In the lobby, Babe is watching a television report about Kendall and Spike. Di and Annie arrive, worried that Greenlee has finally gone off the deep end. They ask about Kendall. Ryan walks in with Tad and Aidan. Annie runs to him, telling Ryan to be positive. Tad fills Di in on the police search and Aidan reassures Ryan. Zach and Joe come out to tell the gathering about Kendall. Zach asks them all to keep the news about Spike out of Kendall's room. Jonathan walks in, offering to help look for the baby. Aidan asks Annie and Di to come with him to the police station.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.32443
Retrieved Text: Everything about these pics is gorgeous.
Cole Sprouse, the actor we know (and love) from Riverdale, The Suite Life of Zack and Cody, and Friends, is also an amazing photographer. He's captured the likes of Hermione Corfield, Lili Reinhart, and now, Kendall Jenner. For a Sunday Times cover story titled "Kendall Jenner in Summer's Most Romantic Fashion," she posed in flowy dresses and bold boots amid the Malibu hills.
"She knew my work, and we had met at a couple of parties," Cole told The Sunday Times. "I just thought, let’s aim for the top." It's clear that Kendall went for it, and we think she made a good choice. Everything about these photos, from the fashion to the trees, is beautiful. The natural setting combined with Kendall's pensive expression results in a truly artsy vibe.
According to Cole, the credit goes to Kendall for making the eight-hour shoot so extraordinary. "Seeing her work, it’s no wonder she’s become such a huge figure within the fashion industry,” he said. “Without the right model, these photos don’t live. Kendall isn’t afraid to look awkward in a way that’s vulnerable and inherently interesting."
But we've also got to tip our hats to him. He says he's more interested in photography than acting right now, so we're sure we'll be seeing more amazing photoshoots from him soon.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.162106
Retrieved Text: After owning the runways at New York, Milan, and Paris fashion weeks, the ultimate model girl pack that is Kendall Jenner, Cara Delevingne, and Gigi Hadid, have been spending some time apart. The gorgeous BFFs have all been busy working on their own amazing projects, but clearly, they've been missing each other, because last night, the whole crew was reunited at Chanel designer Karl Lagerfeld's tres chic boat party in NYC, and it was epic! We're talking total bestie love fest!
Although Kendall and Gigi spent some quality time together while posing with Justin Bieber and Ansel Elgort for Vogue this month, Cara has been taking a break from modeling to film her upcoming movie Paper Towns. And kind of like you do after your bestie comes back from being at camp all summer, Cara basically attacked Kendall as soon as she saw her.
Then Gigi jumped in on the BFF bear hug and all was right in the world again.
Clearly, the trio couldn't have been happier to be back together again. Nevermind that they were on a boat, or that all of the most fabulous of the fashion elite were on-hand, Cara was excited to see her besties and she was getting her Kendall-Gigi sandwich, whether those fancy fashion people were giving her side-eye or not.
Are they not the cutest/most beautiful besties alive? It'd be easy to hate them if you didn't really just want to be their BFF, too!
Joining the model reunion were Biebs' rumored GF Hailee Baldwin and Gigi's little sis Bella Hadid.
Katy Perry also

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.590313
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner and Justin Bieber enjoyed some downtime together on Thursday as they prepared to make their way to Coachella festival for the weekend. The pair shared a series of fun snaps to their Instagram accounts which showed them soaking up the sun along with Justin's dog Esther.
Despite many questioning the nature of their relationship after Justin posted an image of himself looking close to the 19-year-old model, the pair were quick to play down the speculation. "BFFs," Kendall tweeted after the image was shared, confirming that they are just good friends.
The duo were also hanging out with close friend Hailey Baldwin. The model shared her own photos from the gathering on Instagram, including one of herself and Kendall striking a pose in their swimwear. "Good start to Coachella," she wrote.
Justin has long been close with Kendall and her family, and even stepped in for a spot of babysitting by helping to look after Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick's son Mason recently. The 21-year-old shared a picture of himself playing with the youngster as they played at a pool party.
"Mason is cool as a fan," the singer captioned the photo, which showed him about to give Mason a piggyback through the water.
Kendall's mom Kris Jenner was quick to share the image to her own social media accounts, telling fans: "#Mason & @JustinBieber family pool day!!! #bestbabysitterintheworld."
The matriarch of the reality TV family is very supportive of Justin, and wished him a happy 21st birthday on Instagram in March. "You are an amazing young man and I

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.116276
Retrieved Text: A Girl Called Erika: The Fourth!
I haven't written in a while. I apologize.
Today, Boyfriend's family came up for a cookout. I made macaroni salad (my mom's recipe- always a hit), salsa, peach dump cake (I posted about this on my other blog and it has been a huge hit so I just keep making it) and a dessert called "Berried Treasure." Haha. Boyfriend's mom brought an oreo pie, cherry fluff, hot sausage and the buns for those and the burgers Boyfriend made. It was a huge feast and we were all stuffed. I don't know when I'll need to eat again.
Okay, let's be honest... it'll probably be in like twenty minutes.
In addition to eating, we also hung out with Boyfriend's niece, the Duck, who will be two this month. She is so funny. We are always entertained. She loves to run races in the yard, which is hilarious to me. We also blew some bubbles and she swam in the kiddie pool they brought with them. She let Auntie Erika put her feet in the pool, which was super nice in the hot, hot weather. Heehee. Before she left, she was helping me in the kitchen, drying dishes and wiping down things (tables, chairs, knees of unsuspecting people, etc). What a kid.
Boyfriend's parents brought up some bikes they had hanging around their garage that they didn't want anymore, so that is exciting. The bike that is now mine was Boyfriend's sister's in, like, the nineties. It is awesomely pink and teal and blue (I think). I

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.97569
Retrieved Text: The 2018 Kardashian Christmas card had crazy cuteness all over it. However, many fans were sad to see Kendall Jenner missing from the family picture. Some even remedied the problem with a little Photoshop magic.
And Kendall showed that she wasn't too miffed about missing the moment and shared some of those fan photos on her Instagram stories like the one below.
After sharing the photo on Christmas Eve (December 24), Kim Kardashian explained that getting the whole gang together was a challenge.
"This year we waited until the last minute to do a card. Schedules we're [SIC] changing, my husband was in and out of town. But The day of this card last minute realized we were all together so we had all our kids come meet us," she tweeted.
"Kendall [Jenner] and my mom rushed to a meeting after this shoot so this is what we have! As many of us as possible! From our family to yours Merry Christmas," she added.
Khloe Kardashian also responded to the backlash about Kendall's absence.
"Why poor Kenny? She was at the shoot and she chose not to be in the picture because she thought it was cuter that it was just the babies and the mommies," Khloe replied to a fan comment.
Still skeptical? Well, Kendall was a stunner in neon green at Kim and Kanye West's Christmas party last night (December 24).

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.550793
Retrieved Text: The "KUWTK" star praises Proactiv for clearing up her blemishes. Plus, Kendall explains why she's being so open about her acne-prone skin. Watch!
The "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" star explains which sister's shoes she would wear. Plus, find out what Kendall's ideal Valentine's Day looks like!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.504402
Retrieved Text: To claim this profile, please confirm you are Kendall Calderone.
To follow this profile, please let us know your relationship to Kendall Calderone.
Kendall's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win @ Cherokee Trail.
The Cherry Creek varsity lacrosse team won Friday's away conference game against Cherokee Trail (Aurora, CO) by a score of 19-1.
Kendall's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win vs. St. Ignatius.
Kendall's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win @ Eaglecrest.
Kendall had 1 photo tagged from the game against Regis Jesuit.
Kendall's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win @ Mullen.
Kendall's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win @ Dakota Ridge.
Kendall had 5 photos tagged from the game against Dakota Ridge.
Kendall has been added to the Cherry Creek girls lacrosse roster.
RESULTLoss Varsity field hockey vs. Regis Jesuit.
The Cherry Creek varsity field hockey team lost Thursday's neutral playoff game against Regis Jesuit (Aurora, CO) in overtime by a score of 2-1.
This game is part of the "2018 CHSAA State Field Hockey Championships - State Field Hockey" tournament.
Kendall has been selected to the CHSAA/MaxPreps All-State Honorable Mention - CHSAA/MaxPreps All-State Honorable Mention.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.287537
Retrieved Text: Kris Jenner might be traveling through the Big Apple promoting her new cookbook, but Kendall Jenner is keeping busy all by her lonesome. Well, with a friend and not her huge famous family, that is.
Kendall was spotted walking through Soho while chatting on the phone. The young celebrity kept warm on the chilly Manhattan afternoon in a navy blue coat, black boots, and a knit scarf. She kept a low profile with a pair of relaxed aviators.
The cameras didn't just catch Kendall out and about yesterday. Kim Kardashian and Kanye West were spotted leaving a movie date and then driving off to Taco Bell (no, we're not kidding) for a bite to eat. Later, Kendall's older sis Kim was seen working a curve-hugging red pencil skirt.
Kendall caught up with her pal and fellow model Hailey Baldwin in New York City. Hailey hid her face from the cameras with her adorable puppy.
Hey, the cameras love that little pup, too!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.167126
Retrieved Text: Kim Kardashian didn't hold much during her interview with Andy Cohen on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen last night (May 28). She especially got a rise out of the crowd when she responded to how things were between Kendall Jenner and herself after Kim blasted Kendall's gal pal, Taylor Swift, on Snapchat over Kanye West's "Famous" lyrics.
"I don't know if Kendall was a part of her squad," Kim said with a straight face on the show, which aired on Sunday.
Kim also admitted that she knew that her marriage to Kris Humphries was over by the time the two went on their honeymoon and expressed her thoughts on Kylie Jenner and Tyga's breakup; the relations between her mom and Caitlyn Jenner; and why she hasn't been all over social media.
"I think it's been so important for me to be present," she told Andy. "So when I'm in my house, I'm hardly on my phone. It's like a rule -- to be present and to communicate and to just interact like normal people. I didn't have that growing up, and I want my kids to be..."
Watch more from her talk with Andy below.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.165226
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner is having a great year for her career. She has modeled for the most prominent fashion runways, and she recently landed a new modeling gig with Estee Lauder.
Career success aside though, the 19-year-old tells the New York Times that she feels like she is living a double life with the modeling and her reality star fame.
She says, "It’s definitely two different worlds. I feel like Hannah Montana. But it’s fun."
The "fun" life she lives has some surprising truths so we break down the six most revealing details about Kendall in her New York Times profile.
3. While Tischi was excited about her, not everyone was initally. Love Magazine's Katie Grand reportedly helped place Kendall in a Marc Jacobs show for New York Fashion Week but said her first reaction of Kendall was "underwhelmed." Grand ended up giving her a shot after a second follow -up meeting.
4. While the extra attention for being a celebrity could be seen as a positive to career boost, she actually did not want it. Kendall said "she was happiest to go unrecognized at castings and shows."
5. When Estee Lauder made her the newest face of the brand, Kendall's social media power helped the site gain six times the number of unique visitors as on an average Saturday, according to data provided to the New York Times by the brand. With 16 million followers on Instagram, the fact that she made the announcement on there was a marketing savvy move.
6. After all of the media attention she gets, Kendall places high

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.812874
Retrieved Text: Tuesday was an away game, up in Weld County, which is quite a drive. Tia and I made our way up there with Kyle to watch Kendall's team get (hopefully) revenge. They didn't play well when in the home match and lost.
We watched a close, long, match from the C team before Kendall got out there. The first game was a wreck, with our team unable or receive passes or hit the ball over. Kendall struggled on some serves and came out near the end, but the game wasn't close. Something like 25-12 to end things.
The second match was better. More energy, and better play. Didn't see many hard hits from Kendall, but she pushed one over nicely here.
There was also a great block from Kendall. I was behind, and she really got up and front, stuffing the ball down. That was exciting.
The team went on to win and set up a third. They were ahead, and playing well, but then gave things away. Too many mistakes, 4 bad serves (none Kendall) and some mistakes and it was close, 13-13 before EHS blew a couple points.
Disappointing, but always fun to see Kendall play.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.09921
Retrieved Text: Meet Tampa native, Kendall Trosky. As a five generation resident, she is your expert guide to neighborhoods from historic downtown to thriving suburban communities. Kendall is a former owner of a grassroots marketing and consulting firm, giving her ties to Tampa's best businesses and entertainment.
With a Communications degree from the University of Tampa, Kendall is the product of local schools. As an active resident she contributes her time to aid in development and enhancement of facilities that benefit the community. She also gives her time and talent to several non-profit organizations and speaks out against domestic violence and for suicide prevention.
Kendall's dynamic portfolio is your trusted source for an informed, committed, and pleasant home-buying experience. Let this Tampa neighbor help you find your legacy in the Sunshine State.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.068027
Retrieved Text: parenting | I am JuJu!
This morning was no different. The morning started off well. Skylar woke up in a pretty good mood which was awesome! After I wake her up, I wait to see what her response is going to be. Some mornings she says “Uggghh! I didn’t sleep well at all!” or “It is 6:34 mom! You woke me up 4 minutes late!” Those mornings I just brace myself for the roller coaster ride that will be our morning. This morning she said “Hi mom! How was your bunco?” I played bunco last night and she was already asleep when I got home. I was thrilled that she woke up in a good mood as I know that our morning should go a bit smoother.
Hailey: You can’t take your medicine before you eat! What are you thinking?
Skylar: Hailey! How dare you speak to me like that! You are not my mother!
Hailey: Shame on you Skylar. Don’t ever speak to me like that.
Skylar: Mom!!! Hailey is being rude to me!
Me: Seriously? Both of you cut it out. Skylar, finish getting ready. Hailey, stop telling Skylar what to do. Your dad and I have it under control.
Hailey: Clearly, she needs more help mom!
Oh my! I’m not sure why, but Hailey has taken it upon herself to be an additional parent figure to Skylar, which Skylar absolutely can’t stand. I feel like a broken record that constantly repeats “Hailey, quit bossing your sister around. Hailey, we are taking care of it. Hailey, stop parenting Skylar”. I must say

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.060543
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid may not be reuniting at the 2017 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, but #KenGi is already back in full force at New York Fashion Week. What's more, they started the whirlwind event with identical short hairstyles for the same fashion show.
On Wednesday, September 6, both models walked the runway for Tom Ford's spring/summer 2018 show. Kendall wore a ruched black gown with one long, sequined arm, while Gigi modeled a similar pink gown. (Hers featured two sequined sleeves, instead of a one-shoulder design.) But it was their hair, courtesy of guru Orlando Pita, that really set off their looks.
Though the designer apparently wanted all the models to actually cut their hair, Pita told Vogue that he orchestrated faux chops by twisting each model's hair and using liberal amounts of hairspray. "Tom wanted to cut all of the girls’ hair off; this was my solution,” he explained.
It wouldn't be the first time that Kendall and Gigi have switched up their hairdos simultaneously for a fashion show. In March 2016, the models and BFFs literally swapped hair colors at the Balmain show by using wigs from the house's new line. The result was headline-making; after all, Kendall's dark strands and Gigi's blonde tresses are something of a signature feature for each of them. Yet Gigi has proven time and time again that she's down for a temporary hair change; she fooled everyone with a short wig at the 2015 American Music Awards and punked everyone with an April Fool's pixie cut earlier this year.
As

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.04306
Retrieved Text: Selena Gomez is reportedly upset with Kendall Jenner for getting cosy with former boyfriend Justin Bieber.
According to a report in Hollywood Life, the former Disney star feels betrayed by the 18-year-old Keeping Up With The Kardashians star.
"Selena says it makes her skin crawl just thinking about how two faced Kendall is. The whole situation is super twisted. Selena knows Kendall and Justin hooked up behind her back because one of his really close friends told her. Selena blames Justin because he was the one cheating but she thinks Kendall is just as bad because she lied about it and acted like her friend," a source told the website.
"Selena tried to fool herself for a long time because she's friends with so many of Kendall's friends," the insider added.
"She didn't want to make drama and make it awkward for everyone. Selena's embarrassed by how much drama there's been because of her and Justin she knows people make fun of her for it so she tries really hard to downplay it."
Earlier there were reports that Gomez and Bieber broke up over Jenner.
The Boyfriend singer was spotted with the model at Ferdi restaurant in Paris, last year in September and Gomez was reportedly furious about it.
However, it was later reported that the Come & Get It singer felt that she responded too emotionally to Bieber's dinner date with Jenner.
"Kendall is super charming when she wants to be, and Selena got sucked in by her," an insider added. "Selena wanted to believe Kendall, so she did for a little while.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.89413
Retrieved Text: For many, sell-by dates are just a guide. For one nonagenarian from Brighton, they don't exist at all. Photographer James Kendall was rooting through his wife's 90-year-old grandmother's larder when he discovered packaged foods dating back to the 1950s. Some canned items were covered in rust.
"She doesn't really believe in sell-by dates," explains Kendall. "She holds on to everything, and sees it all as eventually having a use. I think it comes from her living through the war, and being used to rationing." Among the ageing items were dried onions, smoked cod liver, canned corn, a jar of tartare sauce, and a pack of KP nuts, complete with vintage logos.
Kendall's wife, Rosie, wasn't surprised, having grown used to her gran's eccentricities as a child. "Gran had some red glasses," says Kendall, "and one day she served Rosie some Ribena in them. Because of the red glasses, they didn't notice until they'd got halfway through that the Ribena was actually green."
But Kendall was so excited by the hoard that he took it back to his studio to be photographed – and hopes to exhibit the resulting series at next year's Brighton Photo Biennial.
"I still daren't open them," says Kendall. "They've been wrapped in cellophane over the summer, so they've had a bit of a baking. I'm not exactly sure what state they're in now. Probably worse than ever." Has your family got some vintage foodstuffs? Send in your photos to your.pictures@guardian.co.uk with "vintage food" as the subject line.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.664726
Retrieved Text: Let Us Help You Unlock Your Real Estate Dreams.
Kendall guided us from start to finish. She knew the market and advised us as to the price to list the property, and she even assisted in staging the property with furniture. Kendall always responded to all questions within 24 hours, and made sure the documents were timely presented to the Buyer. With Kendall's help we were able to sell the property at a higher price than we expected to get. I highly recommend her.
Kendall has been fantastic to work with during our real estate search in the Destin, FL area. She spent time with my wife and I to get a feel for our desired home. Then we looked at properties that fit our needs. After selecting a house, Kendall assisted us every step of the way - and we wereout of town, long-distance buyers! She helped in all facets of our purchase: inspection, finance, insurance, HOA and minor contracting for repairs/upgrades we wanted to complete. Kendall will be our realtor for our next move as well!
Kendall helped us buy a lot in Regatta Bay. She contacted the lot owner and communicated with the owner on the owner's willingness to sell. Kendall's skills all resulted in our ability to purchase the lot immediately upon its listing. Kendall never puts her phone down. She is always available, including after normal business hours. She is a delight to work with.
IDX information © 2016 Emerald Coast Association of Realtors Multiple Listing Service. Data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.414284
Retrieved Text: In his briefcase, Tom Kendall carries a slip of paper he found in a fortune cookie. It reads, "The great pleasure in life is doing what others say you cannot."
Never was Kendall's fortune more apropos than after last Sunday's GTU-class win in the Columbus 500, held in Columbus, Ohio. The victory assured Kendall, 21, of his third straight International Motor Sports Assn. GTU title.
"We weren't given much of a shot at the beginning of the year," said Kendall, a La Canada resident who missed an early race and did not finish another because of car problems. "We had a brand new car and a brand new team--it takes a while to put things together.
"So to win the championship against those kinds of odds really makes me feel good."
Chevrolet, however, won't feel good until it captures a manufacturers' crown. Kendall switched from Mazda to Chevrolet this year. Chevrolet has only 2 entries in the circuit while Mazda, which has won the past 8 titles, runs a minimum of 7 cars per race.
Manufacturers' points are awarded to the top finishing cars in each race and Chevrolet is a point shy of the title. If Kendall or Max Jones finishes 10th or better in the Del Mar Grand Prix on Oct. 23, Chevrolet will win the title.
Kendall's win at Columbus will be televised on ESPN tonight at 9. Much of the race was filmed from a camera mounted in his car.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.29366
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner is in a privileged enough position that she can "choose" which modelling jobs she wants to take.
Opening up about her decision to scale back her career, the 22-year-old's comments have sparked an outcry from the modelling community. “Since the beginning, we’ve been super selective about what shows I would do,” the model who knocked Gisele Bundchen off the top of Forbes' list of highest-earning models told Love magazine.
Jenner continued, “I was never one of those girls who would do, like, 30 shows a season or whatever the f**k those girls do. More power to ’em.
"I had a million jobs, not only catwalks but everything else. The whole combination was very overwhelming and I started to freak out a little bit and needed to take a step back,” the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star added.
Over the weekend, the publication shared an image from their shoot with Kendall, posting a quote from the interview as the caption. The former Victoria's Secret model's peers took to the comments section to share their condemnation of Kendall's words.
Kendall has not yet responded to the comments from her peers however, this isn't the first she caused controversy. In 2017, Jenner faced intense backlash over her Pepsi campaign, which was accused of appropriating the Black Lives Matter movement, the commercial was pulled down almost immediately.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.215595
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner and 76ers basketball player Ben Simmons may only be a rumored couple but already, the pair has mastered the art of coordinated dressing. They were seen on May 31 heading into Beverly Hills’ Waldorf Astoria hotel wearing matching head-to-toe black looks.
Kendall was wearing a black sweater from Raf Simons that she wore with a pair of black skinny pants and '90s-style Dr. Martens boots. It was the perfect look for a casual night out with a friend or, well, a date. If you're in the market for a splurge-worthy black V-neck, you can shop Kendall's exact look here.
Also in head-to-toe black, Ben was sporting a short-sleeved T-shirt, black jeans and sneakers, and a black baseball cap. He followed a few feet behind Kendall as they emerged from their car in an attempt to enter the hotel. That said, when are the Jenners ever able to enter anywhere quietly?
Rumors about Kendall and Ben began earlier this week after Page Six reported that the duo had been seen together on multiple occasions in Los Angeles.
Regardless, whether they're preparing to go Instagram official in the coming days or simply keeping their relationship plutonic, one thing is for sure: their twinning is on-point.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.14624
Retrieved Text: Do you see a resemblance between Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid? While the supermodels aren't blood relatives, the celebrity best friends have some strange family ties. Going through the Hollywood family tree, the Jenner siblings and the Hadid family are closer than you may have thought.
The story unearthed when Kendall's half-brother, Brandon Jenner commented on the model's Instagram post with Bella. The caption of the smiling photo was, "baby."
Brandon Jenner commented, "So, how do you two define your familial ties? Love to the both of you"
While some may be confused by brother Brandon's message, we are here to clear things up. Kendall's father, formerly known as Bruce Jenner, was married to Linda Thompson before marrying Kris Jenner. Bruce and Linda gave birth to Brandon and Brodie Jenner.
On the other side of the tree, Bella and Gigi Hadid's mother, Yolanda Hadid was married to a man named David Foster before marrying the model's father.
So what's the connection? Linda Thompson and David Foster were also once married! In some bizarre, celebrity game of in-laws, Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid have a unique familial bond.
This explains why the two runway beauties are so close!

================



======= Instance Index 24 =========
Input Text: Context: Remy enjoyed guiding and helping her friends through their problems.

Question: How would you describe Remy?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: selfish

B: easily angered

C: a loyal friend

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.972134
Retrieved Text: Remy and the Ruby Airship’s crew have travelled deep into the Indian jungle to learn the truth behind the mysterious Sapphire Cutlass. Remy is torn between helping her friends and finding her twin brother. Will her choice put everyone in danger?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.926517
Retrieved Text: I admit, I was hesitant to start this book. The whole “magical powers enacted by touching people” idea has been done before many times in YA lit. I can think of at least two stories I’ve read already with similar concepts and another one that I know about just off the top of my head. But Jackson manages to tell such a unique intriguing story with one of the strongest heroines I’ve come across in a while. I can’t say I loved this one, but I greatly enjoyed it.
To begin, this book is not for everyone. There are many sequences of physical abuse that are pretty detailed. If violence makes you uncomfortable, this certainly isn’t the book for you. Remy’s stepfather, Dean, is an alcoholic. He feeds off of not only Remy’s pain, but her mother’s as well. And instead of allowing him to ruin her life, she allowed him to make her stronger. She wouldn’t break under him, despite the fact that he would break her bones because he was so maniacal. She became emotionally fortified and determined to survive--easily one of the toughest characters (both physically and emotionally) that I have found in a long time. I really enjoyed this aspect of Remy’s characterization because she wasn’t looking for sympathy and pity the way many abused characters do. While the abuse was a huge part of her life that caused her to create a huge shell around herself, when forced to face new situations she slowly opened herself to the possibility of a normal

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.433105
Retrieved Text: Irresolute Amber Eyes is the third book in The Occuli series, written by Christie M. Stenzel. Time manipulation has consequences, and Remy Verbetta and those she loves find themselves thrust into a world where nothing is as it once was. With the mental links between Remy and her closest friends having now been severed, Remy is left vulnerable to attack and the future is looking bleak for those in a world which is now out of kilter. Not only is their world one which is now shared with both Crimsons and Reapers, but it is one in which Remy is now immortal. Her immortality can be rescinded at a moment’s notice, however, should she not choose her next move very carefully, and whether to rescue those which have been lost or to remain where everything is unfamiliar will be the make or break for them all.
So many things have changed for our heroes which share a world with humans, and it took a few reads to catch every detail, but I am so glad that I did. Christie M. Stenzel presents her readers with a world which is hidden within our own. With humans no longer being the only ones to inhabit Earth, it makes me wonder how the general population would actually react, put in the same scenario as these characters. Being linked in minds, telepathy, the ability to affect atmospheric elementals, and know the difference between right and wrong are just a few of the things that kept me enthralled in Remy’s tale of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.24118
Retrieved Text: The Africa Channel (TAC), the largest broadcaster and producer of African-themed content in North America, will be airing its first-ever animated kids programming on Saturday, 7 April. The two animated series, produced in South Africa, are Jabu’s Jungle and The Magic Cellar.
In Jabu’s Jungle, kids can follow the adventures of Jabu, an intrepid nine-year-old, and his Magic Talking Drum. Jabu explores the jungle, helping animals in need and meeting plenty of friends who join in the fun– but always on the lookout for naughty Van the Vulture!
The Magic Cellar follows Pula and her friends through their everyday lives as they encounter social issues and moral dilemmas. Mr. Zee offers them guidance or advice in the form of a folk tale illustrating their problem and guiding their thinking processes toward a solution. In the end, they are able to draw their own conclusions on how to approach their problems and find resolutions.
TAC viewers will also be treated to the return of live-action series Siyaya – Come Wild with Us. The series offers a fast-paced youthful adventure through some of South Africa’s most fascinating national parks, where up-close wildlife encounters endear the kids to the importance of conservation.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.490118
Retrieved Text: Danger-room session had gone fine, absolutely, if nothing else, it kept his mind focussed on what he was doing - instead of what he *wanted* to do. With only a skeleton crew present at the mansion, the place hadn't exactly been crowded. Deserted was more like it. He'd felt good after the workout, enjoyed the lingering feel of adrenalin. Yes... that had to be the explanation - he'd been high on adrenalin.
Bobby swallowed hard and tried to scold himself for sounding like a bad poet. The memory, though, the memory of Remy in the shower, naked... He really should have left at that point, instead of staring at the mesmerizing display in front of him.
Back turned to the door, muscular body relaxed. Wonderfully shaped shoulders, not too broad or bulky, tanned skin - equally tanned all over, as he couldn't help noticing. Pale scars here and there... Bobby couldn't move, couldn't close his eyes, as Remy began turning around, blinking water out of his eyes.
That's all Bobby saw, as he finally regained control of his body - well, more or less, and fled the room, not stopping until he'd closed his own door.
Another sigh escaped him as he stepped into the hot spray. Figures he'd go and fall for a guy who was 110% straight. Sure, Remy would flirt shamelessly with anything that had a pulse, but from there to actually doing anything that had a pulse, including Bobby, was an entirely different thing.
Deciding around lunchtime to allow his growling stomach to convince him that leaving

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.925808
Retrieved Text: Produced by Oprah Winfrey, award-winning filmmaker Ava DuVernay (Selma), and Melissa Carter, Queen Sugar chronicles the lives and loves of the estranged Bordelon siblings in Saint Josephine, Louisiana. Reunited by a family tragedy, the Bordelons must navigate their complicated lives in order to run an ailing sugarcane farm.
Ralph Angel finally learns the truth about his biological connection to Blue, Charley exposes her hidden plan for Landry Enterprises, and Nova is propositioned by book publishers.
Violet receives a business proposition, Nova faces a tough career decision, and Micah wants to transfer schools. Plus, Charley learns shocking information about Sam Landry.
Micah starts his new school, an interaction with Blue leaves Ralph Angel guilt-ridden, and Nova works on her book. Plus, Charley reveals her secret plan to Nova and Darla returns.
Darla and Ralph Angel talk, Hollywood offers Violet a business solution, and Charley learns something new. Plus, Davis reveals a secret, and Nova tells Remy something personal.
Nova and Remy act on their feelings and Ralph Angel forms a new connection. Plus, Davis tells Charley his secret and Micah and his friends stumble upon something disturbing.
Remy and Nova address their feelings, and Violet receives a business proposal. Plus, Charley discovers something suspicious, and Ralph Angel goes on a date.
Violet celebrates her 60th birthday, Nova and Remy grow closer, and Darla and Ralph Angel discuss custody. Plus, the Bordelon family discovers the Landrys' true plan for the land.
Nova is made an offer she cannot refuse, and Violet learns the fate of her business, and Micah and his friends execute their plan. Plus,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.697903
Retrieved Text: Senior Statistics major. Well-received former Berkeley Student Learning Center tutor for all level Math and Statistics.
Hi, I am a senior Statistics major with a 4.0 major GPA. I enjoyed helping students understand difficult math concepts and excel academically. I have gone through extensive and professional training for tutoring at the Student Learning Center, and offered structured, engaging, and collaborative learning support to UC Berkeley students. I’m always looking forward to helping new students, so send me a request or message if you are interested. Hope to hear from you soon! Private tutoring experience for 8 years. Berkeley Student Learning Center trained math/stat tutor. I am proficient at breaking down complicated problems or concepts into simple pieces and guiding student to utilize them to ace the subject.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.42609
Retrieved Text: Marissa Sirota attended Thomas Jefferson School of Law in San Diego, California. She also holds a Bachelors of Science Degree in Finance. Marissa is a California Certified Mediator and had a pre-law profession in contract negotiation and administration. Marissa began her legal career as a trial lawyer and now enjoys helping families with their estate planning, estate administration and probate needs. Marissa left trial work because she is passionate about proactively planning and avoiding problems as much as possible ahead of time. Marissa finds estate planning to be a great way to proactively plan and prevent problems before they even begin. She also greatly enjoys guiding clients through the trust administration process and the probate process. Marissa’s trial experience helped her to strengthen her communication, organization, and dispute resolution skills and that helps her in every area of her legal practice today. Marissa enjoys traveling, yoga, and distance running and running after her young son.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.399462
Retrieved Text: Christine has been a kitchen and bath designer with Bright Ideas since 2007. Creativity has always been a passion of hers. She enjoys getting to know each client individually, understanding their wants and needs for their home and discovering the design solutions that exceed their expectations. As a CAPS Certified Designer, she appreciates that every design is personal and unique for each client. She enjoys the challenge of finding creative solutions for them, helping clients see the unexpected possibilities of their space through 3-D software and hand sketches, and guiding them through their project to its completion.
Christine’s greatest loves are her family, faith and friends. When she’s not designing for Bright Ideas, she enjoys traveling with her husband, Tim, and spending time with their four children and four young grandchildren.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.101418
Retrieved Text: Why I read it: Continuing my pursuit to read everything by Sarah Dessen.
Summary: Itâ€™s no surprise Remy has relationship issues after watching her motherâ€™s four failed marriages and the start of a fifth. When Dexter wonâ€™t stop trying to win her adoration, Remy canâ€™t believe she is giving into him when he is the opposite of everything she stands for. With plans to go far, far away to college after the summer is over, the last thing she wants to do is fall in love. But is she even capable?
My third official Dessen read. Another one I could not put down (yes, I was sneaking it under my desk at work!) but I was surprised to find myself a little bit disappointed by this one. Iâ€™m seeing by now that Dessen likes to write about girls who are battling with their own definitions of love and accepting it into their lives. No, that thatâ€™s a poor storyline. It never is, but I wanted more exploration into the secondary characters. In particular, Dexter. While I adored him, he remained very one-dimensional to me and I wished we could have learned more about what made him tick.
Donâ€™t get me wrong, The Lullaby is still worth reading but I enjoyed Playing with the Moon and Lock & Key more. There are some telling moments with Remyâ€™s mom in the book that are intriguing and touching, and actually become a huge part of Remyâ€™s growth throughout the pages. What I like about her is that Dessen doesnâ€™t make a boy

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.09728
Retrieved Text: There's no denying that there's a problem with school dress codes.
They often don't make sense and are enforced randomly. And with the power of social media, people are speaking up about how ridiculous it is to be called out for what seem to be very tame fashion choices.
Remy Altuna is the latest student to come forward when she was called out by a teacher for what she was wearing.
Remy is a student at Beaumont High School in southern California.
She was recently called out by the vice principal for wearing an inappropriate outfit.
Remy maintains that her outfit wasn't inappropriate.
She was wearing a pair of jeans and a bodysuit without a bra.
After the incident, Remy posted about it on her Twitter where it began to gain traction online.
According to Remy, the vice principal wanted her to put on a jacket to cover up. She was concerned that people would "assume bad things" about Remy.
In an interview with Yahoo! Style about the incident, Remy said that the dress code is strict, but it isn't being enforced equally for boys and girls.
“'This year it just seems like they’re really out for blood, looking for anything."
"It would be one thing if they were dress-coding boys and girls equally, but she notes that girls have been the biggest targets, while the boys’ violations, such as ripped jeans, are overlooked."
And it looks like the support for Remy has been mixed.
Unfortunately, some men have replied to Remy's tweet to explain to her that guys just can't help but stare at braless women, and they

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.754095
Retrieved Text: Lauren Littrell is a Family Law attorney in Los Angeles, California. She was Valedictorian of my Law School class and have been practicing for 7 years.
Ms. Littrell is dedicated to providing affordable resolutions for families that go through transitions. She understands that handling the emotions involved is as vital as it is delicate. Her practice is based on guiding families to achieve an amicable closure to a chapter in their lives and a strong foundation for a new beginning.
Ms. Littrell has enjoyed a life full of experience and is able to foresee potential problems before they arise in order to effectively plan and implement a response. She loves learning and is an accomplished artist, creative writer and poet.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.688747
Retrieved Text: As part of our activities for Get Online Week, this week we supported some Carers based in Hackney to understand and register them with with GP online services.
Tech Champion Pauline Facilitated this session and gave her feedback on the session.
"I volunteered as a Tech-Champion as I wanted to help people to understand GP Online services. I really enjoyed helping with the session, this included guiding the participants through the steps. They left confident of being able to access and use the service themselves. They were also able to see the benefits of using the apps on the their phone, which helps them to gain easy and quick access."
For over 18 months the Good Thing Foundation have conducted a research study into how digital technology can have a really big and positive impact on people's lives.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.655766
Retrieved Text: Lets Help Some Lululemon Educators Win A Trip!
If Remy and her nominator, key leader Kimberly win, they get to pick a trip of their choice to Europe. They are aiming for a trip to the Mediterranean. To win, they need as many facebook friends as possible to click on this picture (click on the link above the picture) and ‘like’ it. I’ve just liked it myself and hope our lululemon fan community can come together and help send these lovely ladies to Europe. Voting ends on Monday April 16th and I’m really looking forward to hearing that they won.
Story: Kimberly met Remy through work where she was one of our newest and highest performers from the get go! She took on projects did extra work and was on the fast track for a promotion and taking over the Community team! Around December she made a big and brave decision: Remy realized life is too short to not travel! She met with the managers and stepped down from her role in order to take a week or weekend off a month to travel somewhere new! So far she’s only gone on small, local trips to make sure these adventures happen. Kimberly wants to help her make this a year to remember and be a part in giving her one really special gift somewhere spectacular! It takes a lot of courage to take the plunge like she did and Kimberly would love to reward her and encourage her on this amazing journey. She’s inspired Kimberly to take action

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.605299
Retrieved Text: Lisa Greenwald works in the library at the Birch Wathen Lenox School in Manhattan. She is a graduate of the New School’s MFA program in writing for children and lives in Brooklyn.
Cece, Gabby and Prianka can’t wait for Spirit Week, aka the last week of school before summer break! And they’re already making plans for the best summer ever --- including a friends-only camping trip, plenty of pool time,and a top-secret shared notebook. But between Pajama Day and pizza parties, Gabby accidentally leaks Cece’s most embarrassing secret to the whole school in a meme that goes viral. Half the squad thinks it’s no big deal, but Cece needs a time-out from all the drama --- even if that means taking a break from her best friends.
Inspired by the success of their first birthday bucket list, Ari and her BFF Kaylan set 12 new goals for the next school year. And number one is “keep our friendship strong.” But after a life-changing summer at camp, Ari feels torn between Kaylan and her camp friends. And as she faces down everything from boys to bat mitzvahs, Ari needs to figure out how to be her best self --- before her friends come together at her 13th birthday party. Or the big win she and Kaylan were hoping for may become an epic fail.
The first day of middle school means trading in freeze tag at the pool for new schedules, fabulous outfits, and a fresh start. But for eleven-year-old Kaylan, the chaos of new locker combinations, cafeteria cliques, and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.53905
Retrieved Text: 1) I wrote one of my earliest works of fiction in kindergarten—a re-telling of Goldilocks that ended with an explosion!
2) I met Sebastian Stan at a convention; he went to shake my hand and I just panicked and hugged him.
3) I’m a proud Hufflepuff.
4) I learned to quilt in college and have been working on the same quilt for the last four years. In another four, I might finish it!
5) I cannot play any sport. At all.
6) I really love reading fan-fiction, but I find it quite difficult to write. There’s definitely an art to it!
7) Teen Wolf was my first online fandom, which inspired Sloane’s father’s love of Were School in This Adventure Ends.
8) Although my first book, First & Then, is in part about high school football, my own high school did not have a football team.
9) I am obsessed with calling in to radio stations to win contests. I have won tickets to two concerts so far!
10) I like the 2005 Pride and Prejudice better than the 1995 Pride and Prejudice. But I will definitely admit that the 1995 version is more accurate!
I adored Emma Mills first book, First and Then, so when I found out her second book was coming I knew I had to read this one as soon as I could.
Once I started this one, I honestly couldn’t put it down.
Sloane has recently moved with her family from New York to Florida… in her Senior year of high school. She wasn’t planning on making friends, especially with a group as

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.50348
Retrieved Text: Daniela joined the Bryn Athyn academic advising team in 2018. She has been working in higher education for ten years, and the majority of that time has been spent as an academic advisor. She loves working with college students to help them expand their horizons as well has helping them register for classes and declaring a major. She is looking forward to working with her students as well as guiding them through the college process. Daniela is a first generation in her family born in America (her parents are from Italy), as well as going to college. She was born and raised in New York but recently moved to Pennsylvania and is loving it. She loves trying all different types of food, spending time with family and friends, watching movies, and shopping.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.39704
Retrieved Text: This is a story of Remy, who moves to a new town to live with her biological father. There she meets Asher, the boy who has abilities similar to her own. Remy excited to meet someone who may be able to explain to her a little about her own powers. But Asher and Remy are not allowed to be friends, and they’re definitely not allowed to fall in love.
So, you know I try to be honest in my reviews. Just because a book didn’t sit well with me, doesn’t mean someone else is not going to pick it up and it will be the best thing that ever happened to them. I just wanted to mention that before I dived into this particular review.
I didn’t have fun reading this book. Remy is a alright enough character. She has a lot of issues in her life, and I do give her props for trying to fight thru the bad and look for the good. That is important and I’m glad we got to see Remy come out on the other side, especially with all the stuff that happens to her in the beginning of the book. Asher is an alright kind of character as well. I didn’t feel particularly swoony when it came to him. I also didn’t find him as broody as he probably was supposed to be. The tortured soul thing didn’t really come across for me from either one of the characters.
On the other hand, the whole book read more like a contemporary than

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.301714
Retrieved Text: Rappers Remy Ma and Papoose not only renewed their wedding vows, but are celebrating the news that they are expecting their first child together.
The “Love & Hip Hop New York” couple renewed their vows after 13 years together and 10 years of marriage June 29.
Remy, 38, also shared photos on Instagram from the special day and revealed she was 16 weeks pregnant.
She followed up the post with another one that announced her pregnancy, which was revealed to family and friends at the vow renewal ceremony.
The news is especially welcome for the couple. In 2017, the couple learned they had a miscarriage in front of reality TV cameras.
This will be the second child for Remy. She has an 18-year-old son named Jayson from a previous relationship and three stepchildren with Papoose.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.297825
Retrieved Text: Amity is the forgotten goddess of health, her healing powers next to nothing, but that does not stop her desire to help people who are suffering. So she still works in the medical profession, trying to ease suffering as much as she can. She often finds herself frustrated by her limitations and it comes out in this novel. Amity’s emotions really come through, her frustrations and capacity for caring is what really makes her shine in this story. Amity also opens up a bit on how it feels to be “forgotten” to be considered obsolete. Her powers have become so weak she feels almost impotent. She exhausts herself and her limited powers on a regular basis for her healing which has included Remy and Rom as they risk themselves repeatedly. With Remy and Rom she feels more than just her normal empathy, it’s more, its more than anything she has every felt in her long long life, but she’s afraid that they may be too damaged and she may never be able to get through to them.
Remy and Rom need Amity and they healing she can provide, not just to their physical bodies but to their emotional state. For so long they have been caught up with their vengeance not able to see past it. Now they don’t even have that to live for and everything that has been repressed is bubbling to the surface. Rom even more then Remy, Rom has repressed so much he can barely see what’s in front of him; a chance

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.288483
Retrieved Text: io-colostrum, cow colostrum, goat colostrum.
drugstores, pharmacies, web stores, clothing, outdoor chains, ….
brazilian top quality remy hair,.
helping people with hair problems,.
distributor of dental and medical products.,.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.271942
Retrieved Text: Earlier this week several Guiders from Burnaby Mountain District attended the West Coast Area annual awards dinner. This is a great event with hundreds of Guiders from all around Burnaby, Vancouver, New Westminster, Richmond, Ladner, and Tsawwassen. It’s a great way to say THANK YOU to our wonderful volunteers, and some even get recognized with formal awards for their contributions.
This year we had several members in our district get recognized for their many years of service. One of these women, pictured below, was recognized for 55 years of service.
Another, who was unfortunately unable to attend the evening’s event is celebrating 60 years of membership!
In addition, several women throughout the area were presented with merit awards for their outstanding service. One of these was one of our University Highlands Guiders, pictured below, who received a Bronze Merit Award for her dedication to Guiding. In addition to taking on increased responsibility when one of her co-Guiders went on leave earlier this year, this Guider is responsible for a patrol going to SOAR (a week-long camp in Smithers this summer), and is consistently involved in district events including organizing the Science Day at SFU last spring. Way to go!
Over all the event was a lot of fun. The ladies at the Burnaby Mountain table had a great time socializing and enjoying each other’s company. They all enjoyed a great meal, and also enjoyed browsing the silent auction.
We’re currently working on our plans for next year’s leadership and we need some more enthusiastic women to join our team! If you,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.252867
Retrieved Text: Remy has no memories of his parents. Born in New Orleans with unusual eyes - red irises on black sclera - it was because of his unique eyes that he was snatched from the hospital shortly after birth. It was believed that he was the fulfillment of an ancient prophecy for the even older Thieves Guild.
In those early months, he was under the guardianship of a person known as the Antiquary. Jean-Luc LeBeau saw the child and could not abide the thought of him being raised a relative slave. LeBeau struck a bargain with the Antiquary to free Remy. He was placed into the care of fellow Thieves' Guild member Fagan's group of child-thieves to grow.
Existing on the streets is a tough life and worse for a child. Remy showed his instincts were strong and he was a survivor. He was determined to make his way, humble though it was. Eating from discarded meals and scraps, ducking out of sight to avoid the tougher gangs that beat up the smaller and weaker. He watched other members of the Thieves' Guild as they picket pockets and robbed to get their ill gotten gain. Learning from an early age the laws of the street, he also turned to picking pockets though he was no instant success. Once he perfected his techniques, he was able to carve out a living for the next several years.
When ten, Remy crossed paths with Jean-Luc LeBeau once again - he tried to pick the man's pocket. He almost succeed and it was from

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.231874
Retrieved Text: Things We Lost is a good 4 star read and book one in the Loving Locksley series. Shae Banks pulled me right in with her writing and I couldn’t stop until I was done.
Nathalie gets a new job and goes out on the town with her friend to celebrate. While at the club she comes face-to-face with her first love and ex that left her 13 years ago. He want’s to catch up but Nathalie refuses and brushes him off.
Jason doesn’t give up easily and finally convinces Nathalie to meet up with him. There are some secrets revealed about why he made the choices he did. The connection is still there between them and they decide to try again. Can they finally get their HEA?
We get some steamy moments that may steam up your kindle. The secondary characters were great and I wouldn’t mind seeing more from some of them. Overall I really enjoyed Jason and Nathalie’s story, I had some LOL moments with their bantering. I look forward to reading more from this author and series. 1-click and get started today.
Little Miss Eyes of Blue was a good four star read and the prequel to The Woman America Loves a Latte. We go back to Vee’s childhood to learn about where she came from and what she dealt with growing up.
My emotions were all over the place. We get a glimpse into how Vee’s parents met and fell in love. And what happened that caused things to fall apart for them. We continue to move

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.22924
Retrieved Text: Reasons for Reading: Going through Sarah Dessen withdrawals, I happened to see the title Infinity. When I saw that I could request the book through Inter-Library Loan, I did so.
Summary: A nameless heroine talks of going in circles. She now faces two daunting teen rites of passages. She can now drive. Will she be like her father and take on the town roundabout that long ago scared her mother? Also, Anthony, her boyfriend of six months, wants to make a home run. So, our heroine must decide when she wants to stop and when she wants to go on these endless lines.
What I Liked: I liked that Dessen quickly drew me into the story. This sympathetic teenage girl faces these challenges. Also, she loves her mother even if she thinks the woman’s been silly about avoiding the roundabout. She’s sympathetic and likeable.
What I Disliked: This was way too short! I wanted to know more about the narrator. A name would have been most excellent! Come on, the silly boyfriend gets a name but she doesn’t? I also missed the references to characters from other Dessen books.
Reasons for Reading: When I discovered Sarah Dessen after seeing How to Deal back in 2005, I read all of her published books. I’ve kept an eye out for her books as they hit the bookstores and request them at the library. I read This Lullaby during this period. During Summer 2012, thanks to the wonderful Friends of Freeman Library’s support, I attended the American Library Association (ALA) Conference and entered

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.171934
Retrieved Text: was founded on two guiding principles.
We believe that legal practice is about relationships, not transactions.
The best legal advice is given by a lawyer who has invested the time to get to know you. When your lawyer knows you well, their advice can go beyond the simple question of the law and talk strategically to the best answer for your circumstances.
We also believe that lawyers have an important role to play in their community. We’re proud to be part of the stories of so many Central Coast families and businesses. And we’re proud of what we’ve been able to give back to this community through pro bono work.
Ivan has always enjoyed applying a broad, logical approach to helping people solve puzzles.
In his earlier career as an IT project manager, Ivan was trained to consider multiple points of view, while assessing the strengths and weaknesses of competing positions. It was his job to bring all that together and come up with the best course of action.
He brings that experienced, pragmatic eye to his legal practice.
Ivan has a reputation for forming lasting relationships with his clients. He combines his knowledge of a client’s situation and goals, with legal expertise filtered through a commercial sense which he has honed over years in business.
By going over and above simply applying the law, Ivan’s clients always get advice which is tailored to their individual story.
In addition to being a solicitor, Ivan is a nationally accredited mediator and a notary public.
Laura practises primarily in family law and estate law.
She brings to the firm

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.121374
Retrieved Text: Laci is a native of the Central Valley, growing up in Lodi and currently residing in Stockton. She became a licensed agent in 2002 and has been helping her friends, family and clients realize the dream of home ownership ever since. Because she has over a decade as a Realtor, she has experienced many different markets and has become savvy in Real Estate dealings, no matter what the situation. She treats every client as she would hope to be treated, and in turn has built a large client and referral base.
She understands that the purchase or sale of a home is among one of the most important and complex decisions that an individual or family will make and takes guiding them through the process very seriously. She is personally committed to her clients and will go above and beyond to provide them with the finest professional service and customer satisfaction throughout their real estate transaction.
When Laci is not selling Real Estate she enjoys spending time with her husband Mike, and their 3 children, Taylor, Mikey and Morgan. Traveling, going to the beach, swimming, cooking and getting together with friends as a family are some of their favorite things to do. She enjoys helping out at the restaurant her husband is the Executive Chef of, Ernie’s Food and Spirits in Manteca, as well as eating her husbands cooking. Joining her husband at food and wine events, as well as tagging along while he hosts, judges and competes on cooking shows are among some of her favorite things

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.91322
Retrieved Text: I first met Carlie on Twitter a couple of years ago. We chatted online (social media at its best), and got to know each other better, and then we met up in person, first at the World Fantasy Convention in Brighton, and then more recently at the British Fantasy Convention in York.
One of the things I love the most about the indie author scene is making new friends with the similar interests, in ways and places we’d never have imagined a few years ago.
So as part of Carlie’s blog tour, in the wake of publication of the final book in her trilogy, Heart Search: Betrayal, I jumped at the chance to ask her a few more questions about herself.
Hi Debby. Thanks for inviting me today, and for the cuppa.
Tell us about the inspiration that started your writing career – was it a burning desire to tell the story you chronicle in the Heart Search trilogy, or did you write other novels before that?
You’re absolutely right, Debby, it was the overwhelming desire to tell Remy and Joshua’s story that began my writing career. I’d never written a novel before I wrote Heart Search: Lost. It was strange how it happened; the idea just popped into my head one day, completely out of the blue, and I knew it was going to be a novel before I’d written one word. However, it wasn’t until I was half way through writing Heart Search: Lost that I realised there was too much story to fit into a single book and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.876514
Retrieved Text: Domestic violence accounts for approximately one-fifth of all violent crime in the United States and is among the most difficult issues confronting professionals in the legal and criminal justice systems. In this volume, Elizabeth Britt argues that learning embodied advocacy—a practice that results from an expanded understanding of expertise based on lived experience—and adopting it in legal settings can directly and tangibly help victims of abuse.
Focusing on clinical legal education at the Domestic Violence Institute at the Northeastern University School of Law, Britt takes a case-study approach to illuminate how challenging the context, aims, and forms of advocacy traditionally embraced in the U.S. legal system produces better support for victims of domestic violence. She analyzes a wide range of materials and practices, including the pedagogy of law school training programs, interviews with advocates, and narratives written by students in the emergency department, and looks closely at the forms of rhetorical education through which students assimilate advocacy practices. By examining how students learn to listen actively to clients and to recognize that clients have the right and ability to make decisions for themselves, Britt shows that rhetorical education can succeed in producing legal professionals with the inclination and capacity to engage others whose values and experiences diverge from their own.
By investigating the deep relationship between legal education and rhetorical education, Reimagining Advocacy calls for conversations and action that will improve advocacy for others, especially for victims of domestic violence seeking assistance from legal professionals.
Elizabeth C. Britt is Associate Professor of English at Northeastern University. She is the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.727404
Retrieved Text: Memes, The Interview, and Fictional: Ebro Addresses Nicki Minaj Rumor On Hot 97: "I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Woman" @balleralert Ebro Addresses Nicki Minaj Rumor On Hot 97: "I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Woman" -blogged by @BenitaShae ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Since RemyMa dropped her NickiMinaj diss track " ShETHER" everyone is wondering what's fiction and what's fact. Remy Ma insinuated that Hot97 radio personality EbroDarden once hooked up with Nicki and Ebro has finally set the record straight. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ On Sunday morning, Ebro took to Twitter to address Remy's line and claimed she was lying about him sleeping with Nicki. And on Monday morning, Ebro told his side, in detail, on-air during his Hot 97 radio show "Ebro in the Morning" with Peter Rosenberg. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Rosenberg cut to the chase and asked if the allegations were true or false. "I did not have sexual relations with that woman in any way, shape, or for." Ebro said. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Ebro explained his friendship with Nicki. He said he met her years ago through DJKaySlay and they kicked it "several times" over the years but they have never been intimate. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ "I’ve never been alone with Nicki Minaj," Ebro said. "Ever. At a bar or with her friends or management. It was always work." ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Ebro also explained why he chose to respond to Remy via Twitter. "I knew that it would make Nicki feel better," he said. "I knew that it would make me feel better. It would

================



======= Instance Index 25 =========
Input Text: Context: Remy was athletic and wanted to spend time in nature, so Remy wanted to go hiking.

Question: How would Remy feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: grateful for the experience

B: disgusted by the experience

C: nauseous

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.696835
Retrieved Text: Remy crossed over the Rainbow Bridge early Sunday morning. He was in obvious distress and was ready to go. I know he's with my dad. I know he can run and chase small animals again. That gives me tons of comfort.
His passing has left a huge void in our lives. Our hearts are broken and only time will heal the hurt. One day when we think of Remy, we'll only smile and have happy memories. We had 13.5 wonderful years with him that we wouldn't trade for anything.
For now, I want to remember everything about him.
We wouldn't have had Remy in our lives if it wasn't for Naseem. She used to be a very picky eater and refused most food except for chicken nuggets, buttered noodles, raw carrots and mangoes. Omid made her a deal: Eat whatever was put in front of her for one month, and he would buy her a dog! It was hard for Nas, but she did it! We were all so excited. She thought she wanted a Bearded Collie, but after visiting the Rose City Dog Show, a Vizsla actually found us and the search was on for a breeder.
A year later, she finally got her puppy!
Remy loved oranges, blueberries and tomatoes. Every year we bought him his own cherry tomato plant. He'd check it everyday. He'd also check the neighbors tomato plants and blueberry bushes too.
Remy loved to go on our boat and dive off the back again and again (50 times in a row, no joke), he would get

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.293922
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in General and tagged #St-Remy, Canals, Hiking, Walking by Keith Van Sickle. Bookmark the permalink.
What a terrific post. I have always wanted to do that walk and now I have via your images.
Ah, the canals of St Remy! Among my favorite memories, wandering along the canal from our mas. From mystical grotto, iris & poppy mounds; the path along the waterway gives a glimpse of the unexpected. Taking the ‘backroads’ in Provence rewards the adventurous spirit.
Great post, Keith, as many might not venture forth without knowing the canal possibilities. Still, I. puzzle over their creation and the fact that these waterways continue to flow in service to the land and the people.
Gee, who knew there were canals near St. Remy? What a nice experience…for my next time in Provence!
Love the photos Keith. Canals are also good for kids to learn to ride a bike, except if that means your six year old crashes, goes down the embankment and falls into feeezing winter water. Oops!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.891808
Retrieved Text: Patrick was a runner and an accountant who worked out of his home in Houston. They were a perfect match- however reluctant Patrick was to take Remy in, in the first place.
It was a cloudy overcast day in March and the skies were opening to pour. Patrick had just started his run, when he noticed a small, gorgeous pointer puppy scratching at an industrial fence surrounding an abandoned factory downtown.
Patrick looked around for the puppy’s owner or his mother, but there was no one. It began to rain. First slowly and then came down in sheets. Patrick thought quickly. There was an opening in the fence, a few feet from where the puppy was trying to get through. Patrick scooped Remy up and squeezed through the small opening. Maybe he could take cover under the awning he saw across the factory yard. Remy cuddled into the crook of Patrick’s armpit.
The factory had ivy growing up the side of the brick. It was the kind of charming place that would make a great brewery or trendy advertising space, Patrick thought. He had never run on this side of town before, but found that by switching up his running spots, he learned more about the city and also got a better workout. The hills were different etc. Taking cover under the awning got him close enough to the shattered window of the place to see why no one wanted it. He smelled urine. He saw squatters. There were fires burning in old rusty trashcans strewn intermittingly across the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.28506
Retrieved Text: If this is your first time trying to buy Remy hair extensions, you may not know what they are exactly. “Remy” refers to the method used to gather the hair, and the characteristics of the extensions made from that hair. All Remy extensions are made from human hair, and because of our connections, Eboni and Ivory is one of the best sellers of cheap Remy hair extension UK.
While Remy extensions are considered high quality due to their natural nature and parallel follicles, the best Remy hair extension will depend on your own hair. Because of the gathering method – the hairs all cut in one go, like removing a ponytail – Remy extensions can be quite expensive, and many of the Real Remy hair extensions have been mixed with non-Remy hairs. Eboni and Ivory use 100% natural Remy hair in our extensions, making us a reputable and reliable seller of hair extensions.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.705044
Retrieved Text: Rainbow Six Siege launched last year and was the first game in the Rainbow Six series since 2008, when Vegas 2 was released. However, it wasn't always meant to be that way: You might remember Rainbow Six: Patriots' intriguing, narrative-focused trailer that Ubisoft released back in 2011.
But Patriots was canceled in early 2013 in favor of a different reboot of the series. Ubisoft and the Rainbow Six team then worked on the game that would become Rainbow Six Siege, the competitive multiplayer title that launched last year. We recently talked with Rainbow Six Brand Director Alex Remy at Siege's Xbox Pro League Finals to learn more about the circumstances around Patriots' cancellation and how Siege arose.
When asked whether the team brought anything over from Patriots, Remy stated that beyond a few multiplayer technological elements, Siege began pretty much as a clean slate. "In terms of design, direction, and vision, Patriots was much more a story-driven, narrative-driven game," Remy told us. "With Rainbow Six Siege we sort of took a very, very different position and vision at the time... We really flipped in terms of vision and direction. Even on the team side of things, in early 2013, we were 25 people. And pretty much the whole 25 people were new to Rainbow; they were not people from Patriots except a couple of us."
But this raises the question: why did Ubisoft need a clean slate in the first place? What happened to Patriots? Ubisoft indicated in 2013 that its quality wasn't up to par, but Remy explained

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.65033
Retrieved Text: Danger-room session had gone fine, absolutely, if nothing else, it kept his mind focussed on what he was doing - instead of what he *wanted* to do. With only a skeleton crew present at the mansion, the place hadn't exactly been crowded. Deserted was more like it. He'd felt good after the workout, enjoyed the lingering feel of adrenalin. Yes... that had to be the explanation - he'd been high on adrenalin.
Bobby swallowed hard and tried to scold himself for sounding like a bad poet. The memory, though, the memory of Remy in the shower, naked... He really should have left at that point, instead of staring at the mesmerizing display in front of him.
Back turned to the door, muscular body relaxed. Wonderfully shaped shoulders, not too broad or bulky, tanned skin - equally tanned all over, as he couldn't help noticing. Pale scars here and there... Bobby couldn't move, couldn't close his eyes, as Remy began turning around, blinking water out of his eyes.
That's all Bobby saw, as he finally regained control of his body - well, more or less, and fled the room, not stopping until he'd closed his own door.
Another sigh escaped him as he stepped into the hot spray. Figures he'd go and fall for a guy who was 110% straight. Sure, Remy would flirt shamelessly with anything that had a pulse, but from there to actually doing anything that had a pulse, including Bobby, was an entirely different thing.
Deciding around lunchtime to allow his growling stomach to convince him that leaving

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.079185
Retrieved Text: Since the external layer of strands isn’t tempered with rich weaves and expansions, Remy augmentation will give progressively regular and sound look and feel. Essentially, weaves and augmentations are utilized for different purposes that incorporates adding volume to thin hair, investigating new style and for some more reason. It will totally difficult to make appealing hairdos inside the constrained regular hair alone so on the off chance that you lean toward this sort of weave you can make your very own favored style without confronting any issue.
At whatever point you choosing a best weave to use, around then different things you should keep in your brain. First recall the weave you have decided for yourself must have near common look .Also the Remy hair weave must mix with impeccable regular twists that one can’t recognize from the genuine one.
The main thing that makes the weave regular is the proper shading. You can likewise utilize distinctive shading weave to feature you strand style yet it is in every case best to pick a hair weave with same normal shading. This is best for you around then you need to include volume and appropriate shape your diminishing hair. With regards to fake strand quality this sort of weave will decrease the issue of looking phony. Remy hairs are commonly gathered from genuine hair benefactors and it generally gives normal sparkle and look.
In the present time, the fame of hair expansion Remy is currently much prominent. The expansions are dependably kept running a similar way from root to tip.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.022537
Retrieved Text: We were able to go to the Frampton reunion this year. The first day we spent at Jordanelle, we played on the little beach, rode in the boat and played with all the cousins. We had a great time, but we sure missed Travis, Grandma Lil, Grandpa Lindz, and Uncle Parley.
Uncle Brady and Aunt Alley were nice enough to ride the tube with Hudson. I wanted a picture with Remy on the tube, he was not happy at all.
Here is Remy really upset and concerned for his brother who was enjoying his tube ride.
Hudson and Jessie enjoying some graham crackers, they had so much fun and played really well together.
Sally and I, It was so fun to visit with all my cousins, Grandparents, and Aunts and Uncles. We sure miss getting together with all the family!
My cousin Jessica and her Hubby Mert were kind enough to give all the kids a ride or two in their boat. Hudson loved it, he even jumped in the freezing cold lake and swam around.
The second day we had lunch at Grandma Ber's and Grandpa Fud's, swam in the pool and went home exausted . I forgot to mention that Hudson got stung by a bee and was so upset. He was in the pool and grabbed onto a noodle that had a bee on it. He started screaming, I pulled him out and handed Remy of to someone. As I was mixing so baking soda with some water to put on him he said between screaming and crying,"It's going

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.856846
Retrieved Text: Rapper Remy Ma has been all over the blog & social media after releasing the diss record "Shether" that was targeting Nicki Minaj. To make things even more worse she went onto unveil a second diss entitled "Another One" last night that was not received well by social media. Today sees her make a guest appearance on The Wendy Williams Show.
Remy stopped by the show to promote the new album Plata O Plomo which was a joint album with longtime Terror Squad friend Fat Joe. While the main reason for the reason was to promote the project it was overshadowed by the diss record & Wendy wanted all of the hot boiling tea. Remy & Joe also hit the stage to perform "Money Showers".

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.615215
Retrieved Text: Thank you for all the likes!!
Post by NEBTR Buster Virtual Foster.
Dash says happy July 4 weekend!
The now silent monkey did not win the battle.
Max is at the special vet at Cornell to get specialized 24 hour treatment to save his eye. They admitted him because he need continuous care around the clock right now. The status of his eye is critical. They feel he got some kind of a chemical in his eye. I hated leaving him SO FAR!! Even though he my foster, I love him and want him to feel better. Actually seeing him like this breaks my heart in more ways than one. I have a terrible headache from all the tears I cried today for him. The doctors are hoping that they will be able to regrow the first layer of his cornea which is completely gone. His entire eye is ulcered. HOW DID THIS HAPPEN??? I wish I knew....So he REALLY needs your prayers that he responds well to the treatment and WILL NOT have to have his eye removed. Thanks for ALL the well wishes and PRAYERS! Thanks again to EVERYONE!! And God Bless!!
Lilly is doing really well since her spay/eye surgery on Thursday. Her cherry eye looks great! But she despises her cone...in case you couldn't tell by the "you can't be serious!" look on her face.
Post by NEBTR Chica and Molly Virtual Fosters.
This sweet, skinny, playful girl was left at a municipal building in Pennsylvania yesterday with no information. She was not at my home for 5 minutes

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.568
Retrieved Text: We’ve all heard it before that a baby’s first two years are the most crucial years of their life; a formative time where the foundations are laid so that, ultimately, they will grow into confident, considerate and compassionate young people.
Metaphorically speaking, it’s like planting a seed and trying to nurture it with just the right amount of water and sun to see it bloom and grow. But just as a child develops at their own rate, it’s important to keep watering daily and being faithful that below the surface they are growing the strongest roots they can and will blossom in their own perfect time.
This blog post is in association with Aptamil Growing Up Milk. While this post is sponsored, all thoughts, words and opinions are, as always my own.
As a mother to two young children, it’s fascinating to see their differences in development. Remy is now 17 months old and by this stage Hugo’s vocabulary was more advanced and he could differentiate between colours and shapes, whereas Remy at this stage is far more physical and observational. He doesn’t rely on his speech – his actions speak far louder than his words – although he can still be very vocal.
Sometimes I doubt myself thinking I’ve not read to him enough, spent enough one-to-one time with him or tried teaching him enough. The list goes on. Truth be told, I probably haven’t; it’s hard when you have two young children and you don’t have all the time in the world to spend on a one-to-one basis

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.544468
Retrieved Text: CHELSEA are set to welcome one striker back to Stamford Bridge with another potentially heading for the exit.
Patrick Bamford wants to call time on his loan spell at Crystal Palace after a lack of game time at Selhurst Park.
The England Under-21 ace was in red-hot form for Championship side Middlesbrough last season.
He joined Palace in the summer with a view to playing regularly in the top flight and forcing his way into Chelsea’s senior squad.
But things haven’t gone to plan and he wants out of the club.
Swansea are reportedly prepared to bring him to south Wales if they can offload Bafetimbi Gomis.
And Palace could replace Bamford with another Chelsea man - with striker Loic Remy on Alan Pardew’s wanted list.
The Sun claims the south London club want to land either Remy or QPR’s Charlie Austin to boost their bid for European qualification.
Remy played under Pardew at Newcastle and could join fellow ex-Toon Army team-mate Yohan Cabaye at Selhurst Park.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.374237
Retrieved Text: Meet Gus, (one of my best friend from college) who is sitting on the seat left to me and I am sitting in the window seat (I mean Remy..:P). We are discussing the title of my new website project which we need to complete this month.
Remy: Gus, what do you think would be a good title for an online bookstore website?
Leslie: I saw your work. You are really doing a great job. I wish I could be part of your team.
Leslie: Umm…how Pustak (a Hindi version for a book).
Guster: Add “On Click” to it that’s making it an online version.
Remy: That’s a great idea I have got my name – “Pustak On Click” 😊. Thanks, Gus and Les.
Moon: Hi Remy!! Howzz life going?
Remy: [Frustrated] Moon don’t you see I am working. DON’T DISTURB ME (without even a Please).
Moon: Ok Ok. Take care buddy (what else a good friend can do).
Buzz: So today I wanted to share a story of my friend who has really done a commendable job in completing his work so efficiently and look at us just ruin around the things and not taking our project work seriously. (he is referring to the website that I made and doing it over to make the teacher feel embarrassed he’s just a Being Buzz 😊). We all should really learn from him that you can do anything if you truly believe in it. (I think he should stop by now what do u think?).
But that’s a big NO then he called me up on stage and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.187183
Retrieved Text: There's no denying that there's a problem with school dress codes.
They often don't make sense and are enforced randomly. And with the power of social media, people are speaking up about how ridiculous it is to be called out for what seem to be very tame fashion choices.
Remy Altuna is the latest student to come forward when she was called out by a teacher for what she was wearing.
Remy is a student at Beaumont High School in southern California.
She was recently called out by the vice principal for wearing an inappropriate outfit.
Remy maintains that her outfit wasn't inappropriate.
She was wearing a pair of jeans and a bodysuit without a bra.
After the incident, Remy posted about it on her Twitter where it began to gain traction online.
According to Remy, the vice principal wanted her to put on a jacket to cover up. She was concerned that people would "assume bad things" about Remy.
In an interview with Yahoo! Style about the incident, Remy said that the dress code is strict, but it isn't being enforced equally for boys and girls.
“'This year it just seems like they’re really out for blood, looking for anything."
"It would be one thing if they were dress-coding boys and girls equally, but she notes that girls have been the biggest targets, while the boys’ violations, such as ripped jeans, are overlooked."
And it looks like the support for Remy has been mixed.
Unfortunately, some men have replied to Remy's tweet to explain to her that guys just can't help but stare at braless women, and they

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.062008
Retrieved Text: Remy has no memories of his parents. Born in New Orleans with unusual eyes - red irises on black sclera - it was because of his unique eyes that he was snatched from the hospital shortly after birth. It was believed that he was the fulfillment of an ancient prophecy for the even older Thieves Guild.
In those early months, he was under the guardianship of a person known as the Antiquary. Jean-Luc LeBeau saw the child and could not abide the thought of him being raised a relative slave. LeBeau struck a bargain with the Antiquary to free Remy. He was placed into the care of fellow Thieves' Guild member Fagan's group of child-thieves to grow.
Existing on the streets is a tough life and worse for a child. Remy showed his instincts were strong and he was a survivor. He was determined to make his way, humble though it was. Eating from discarded meals and scraps, ducking out of sight to avoid the tougher gangs that beat up the smaller and weaker. He watched other members of the Thieves' Guild as they picket pockets and robbed to get their ill gotten gain. Learning from an early age the laws of the street, he also turned to picking pockets though he was no instant success. Once he perfected his techniques, he was able to carve out a living for the next several years.
When ten, Remy crossed paths with Jean-Luc LeBeau once again - he tried to pick the man's pocket. He almost succeed and it was from

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.95207
Retrieved Text: Bridgeport police officer Cody Remy in the middle of his patrol around the Trumbull Gardens in Connecticut when he saw a child struggling with something off in the grass. Instead of ignoring the child and driving away, Officer Remy stopped his patrol car, got out and offered his help.
While driving by in his police cruiser, Officer Remy noticed a child off in the distance with a broken bike. The thoughtful officer realized this was the perfect moment to build police relations in the community and walked over to the boy.
Without hesitating, Officer Remy got on his knees and repaired the boy's bike.
In the middle of the repair, someone snapped a picture of the interaction and shared it online! Now Officer Remy is a hero in his community - he just wanted to do the right thing for a kid on his patrol route!
Bridgeport Mayor Bill Finch told WFSB News that Officer Remy's actions were representative of the type of man he is everyday.
"Officer Remy's act of helping out a child in need in our community is a great example. He doesn't think he did anything extraordinary. But I disagree. The picture speaks for itself. And, I'll leave it up to others in our community and beyond to decide for themselves."
It may have been a small act of kindness, but it did so much to show the city's youth that police officers are there to help whenever they need it most!
Learn more about Officer Remy's heartwarming actions here!
Have you ever had a similar encounter with a police

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.6911
Retrieved Text: Everyone is going crazy over Chinese Remy Hair extensions, with good reason. These 100% human hair extensions will have you throwing out all of your other weaves and wigs. At 18 inches, this stick-tip hair allows you to enjoy the volume and length that you have always wanted.
Remy hair extensions, in numerous colours, are among some of the most popular extensions in the hair industry at the moment. You can purchase as many extensions as you want to help add volume to your hair. Each bundle weighs 25 grams and contains 25 strands.
Chinese Remy Hair Extensions- Tangle-Free! The fact that this stick-tipped extensions doesn’t tangle simply makes it all the more worthwhile. Who wants hair that easily tangles anyway? Thanks to Chinese Remy hair, this will never be a problem that you have to deal with. Remy hair extensions are designed in such a way that the cuticle runs in the right direction hence there will never be a reason why your hair should tangle.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.2878
Retrieved Text: At Headcorn, the airfield where I learnt to skydive many years ago, I picked up the nickname ‘Special Branch’ on my second jump. This was earned after I landed in a tree on an otherwise empty dropzone — a feat of accuracy I was unaware of at the time.
2. I focused on the object I needed to avoid.
Fear is part of being human, it’s a necessary function that keeps us safe. The problem occurs when we run at the same heightened level of fear for all situations. For example, it’s good to have the tension of fear when jumping out of a perfectly good aeroplane; when you lose that fear you are most at risk. It’s also important to have perspective, to assess the level of fear for the situation you are in.
1. Does this level of fear and (fill in the gap) match the situation?
2. What’s the worst that could happen?
3. What am I really afraid of?
I had this conversation with one of my clients Remy*. Remy desperately wanted his team to step up, and he would regularly complain about the lack of leadership, ownership and knowledge that his team showed. Some days he would smile indulgently when he spoke about the dependency his team had on him. Other days he would say the same sentence with frustration, anger and blame.
Remy described himself as the linchpin of the department, without him it would all fall apart. He only saw obstacles and focused on them. Some of these were valid and some were created and viewed

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.275375
Retrieved Text: This is a story of Remy, who moves to a new town to live with her biological father. There she meets Asher, the boy who has abilities similar to her own. Remy excited to meet someone who may be able to explain to her a little about her own powers. But Asher and Remy are not allowed to be friends, and they’re definitely not allowed to fall in love.
So, you know I try to be honest in my reviews. Just because a book didn’t sit well with me, doesn’t mean someone else is not going to pick it up and it will be the best thing that ever happened to them. I just wanted to mention that before I dived into this particular review.
I didn’t have fun reading this book. Remy is a alright enough character. She has a lot of issues in her life, and I do give her props for trying to fight thru the bad and look for the good. That is important and I’m glad we got to see Remy come out on the other side, especially with all the stuff that happens to her in the beginning of the book. Asher is an alright kind of character as well. I didn’t feel particularly swoony when it came to him. I also didn’t find him as broody as he probably was supposed to be. The tortured soul thing didn’t really come across for me from either one of the characters.
On the other hand, the whole book read more like a contemporary than

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.617264
Retrieved Text: Loic Remy's 'ready-to-go' attitude has impressed Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho after two match-winning goals in as many games.
The French striker tapped in a square pass from Eden Hazard to give Chelsea a 2-1 victory over Stoke City on Saturday, having also scored the winner in the London club's 3-2 triumph over Hull City before the international break.
The goal against Stoke took Remy to five in the Premier League season, while it was just his fourth start, and Mourinho applauded the 28-year-old's ability to make an impact regardless of the amount of time he spends on the pitch.
"He [Remy] keeps himself in great condition, even without [having played] many minutes to be ready for us," Mourinho said after the win against Stoke.
"He's a great boy and his contribution is already crucial, with these two match-winners in the last two matches."
With Diego Costa (hamstring) likely to spend a period on the sidelines, Remy could be set for more game-time.
Mourinho added that Remy's poacher's instinct was one of his favourite things about the French forward.
"When Eden recovered the ball [following a loose throw from Asmir Begovic] you could see immediately he [Remy] sprinted to score what I call an easy goal, but I love strikers to score easy goals," the Portuguese manager said.
"The tap-in when the goalkeeper has an incomplete save, attacking the ball on a low cross, rebounds - I love the easy goals from a striker."

########
Rank: 20
Score: 40.45803
Retrieved Text: By her own admission, Emily Carter Mitchell was just a girl with a camera who loved to go shoot.
"I got my new DSLR about six years ago, and I was trying to find out what was going to be my passion," she said. "It took a couple years to start down the road I'm on now, which is nature and wildlife photography."
Emily's journey of self-discovery took her down the path of creating a photography blog, Bella Remy Photography. "Short of putting my photos on my computer or maybe on Facebook, I wanted to have a platform where I could share your experiences. That's where the idea of starting a blog came from. It gave me a creative way to share my work when I'm out exploring."
Along the way, Emily's blog has opened many doors — to get published, create a Meetup, and lead workshops. Oh yeah, it helped her find who she was as an artist.
My horse’s name is Remy Martin. Bella in Spanish is pretty. Pretty Remy. When I started the blog it was supposed to be about horseback riding and hiking, and it’s evolved over the years into what it is today.
After about three years, I asked my followers if I should change the title since the focus had changed. They said no, I love the title you gave it. The blog is actually called Hoofbeats and Footprints.
I thought I was going to be talking about trekking and hiking on the trails around here. I wanted to have a travel writing type of blog

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.1707
Retrieved Text: Good evening everyone! We are just about a week away from the first holiday of the 2013 holiday season. A time that will be spent amongst families and friends. Let me introduce you to the Parafati family, who also are a part of my family!
Meet Enzo, Katie, and their daughter Remy. Now, this was actually the first time that I was able to see and meet Remy, and let me tell you, what an energized little one she was. Katie, also a fellow photographer herself, reached out to me about taking photos of her, her husband, and daughter. Unfortunately it had been a while since I've seen Katie and Enzo, which is why I was very happy to hear from them and gladly accepted this session. She was a little sick of being behind the camera all the time, and wanted some photos taken of her for once (I think this is a common problem all us photographers face from time to time). So, we took a little trip out to Lyman's Orchard in Middlefield, Connecticut. It was such a nice, beautiful day. Quiet too. Long after all the leaf peepers and pumpkin pickers from the October crowds had diminished.
One little side note here, this is a first for me. I have never done a family session before, so I hope you all enjoy!
Her work with newborns, babies, and younger children is absolutely amazing! Glad to see this photo gene running in the family.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.886074
Retrieved Text: The Moisture Miracle: Moisture Remy Rain is premium quality human hair pampered with the ingenious Moisture Condition Retention Technique that enhances and strengthens the natural elasticity of hair. Rain is vibrant in color, has soft to touch texture, and will forever liberate you from frizzy limp hair. Moisture Remy Rain. Hair that is truly BEAUTIFUL.
Shake N Go Moisture Remy Rain 100% Human Hair Indian Remy Jerry Curl Weave 10"
Shake N Go Moisture Remy Rain 100% Human Hair Indian Remy Jerry Curl Weave 12"
Shake N Go Moisture Remy Rain 100% Human Hair Indian Remy Jerry Curl Weave 16"
Shake N Go Moisture Remy Rain 100% Human Hair Indian Remy Jerry Curl Weave 18"
Shake N Go Moisture Remy Rain 100% Human Hair Indian Remy Loose Deep Weave 10"
Shake N Go Moisture Remy Rain 100% Human Hair Indian Remy Loose Deep Weave 14"
Shake-N-Go Rain Indian Remy Hair Weave - DEEP WAVE 10"
Shake-N-Go Rain Indian Remy Hair Weave - DEEP WAVE 12"
Shake-N-Go Rain Indian Remy Hair Weave - DEEP WAVE 14"

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.865997
Retrieved Text: Welcome To Endless Hair Extensions!
We believe that every woman deserves to have the hair of her dreams. we are a brand that goes above and beyond providing high-quality 100% Remy clip-in hair extensions, tape in extensions, hair bundles, Brazilian hair, & wigs.
You will get transparency, value, exceptional customer support, confidence, and empowerment.
Our mission is to help every woman get the volume and length she wants with hair she’ll love!
Avid long distant runner and mother of six.
After I noticed my hair starting to thin, I decided to wear hair extensions to add some volume and length. I tried dozens of hair extensions from various vendors – spending a small fortune in search of real hair that would feel and look natural. These extensions would arrive pretty and vibrant, blending in easily with my natural hair, but after just a few washes the hair would shed, tangle, and become an expensive and useless mess. Sometimes these extensions were Remy but the quality of the hair was not good as the textures and colors were chemical or steamed processed so would wash out eventually leaving me to either spend considerable amounts of daily maintenance to blend in with my own hair or repurchase to do it all again! That is when I made the decision that I needed to create a brand of hair extensions that would give me and every woman a chance to have their dream hair, thicker, longer, more volume but without the hassle of shedding, tangling, tons of daily maintenance, hair/scalp damage all at an

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.853664
Retrieved Text: Top o’ the mornin to yer! Me Irish eyes are smilin’ and I’m a happy go-lucky lad.
Remy the Irish Setter is a head turner. Besides that stunning red coat, you’ll find a happy dog who sees the best in everyone, be they two or four-legged. Indeed, the only danger Remy poses to people or other dogs, is smothering them with love!
And if Remy has a fault, it’s underestimating the impact of 38 kg of flying red fur launched across a room to say “Top o’ the morning!” . Which is why he’d appreciate keeping up with his obedience training (which he excels at) to practice those good manners.
Remy is house trained, with a special “Ruff ruff” when it’s time to go out. Despite his size Remy is a house dog – he’s a sensitive soul and needs company. Actually, he gets a tinsy bit anxious when left alone and tells the world about it. The window glass gets a bit smeary but he soon settles, and isn’t destructive.
Lastly, Remy seeks a super special pet parent. You see he has epilepsy, which is well- controlled, but requires six-monthly vet check ups. If you have the time and energy for a sensitive red-head whose idea of heaven is to be by your side, then make Remy’s Irish eyes smile. Get in touch with his foster hu-man. She’ll fill you in on so much more about Remy and his quirky irish self!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.779938
Retrieved Text: I always wanted to grow out my hair but unfortunately due to my hair being so fine and silky I am unable to grow past the shoulder length. Do you also have fine, silky hair and want to get a fuller, longer hairstyles? This might be a solution to consider. Today, i am so excited to share with you my thoughts on Irresistible Me Hair Extensions. Special thanks to Irresistible Me , I was given the opportunity to try out their Royal Remy 18" 200g Chocolate Brown hair extensions . Here is a quick review for you all!
What is the difference between Silky Touch vs. Royal Remy?
• Silky Touch line is one of Irresistible Me best-selling line, it is made with 100% human remy hair perfect for someone who loves to add a bit of volume or length to their hair occasionally.
This is my first time trying hair extensions, I am very pleased and satisfied. I really like how it come in a packaged where it give you a sample sized (left portion) for one to first try it out and test the length, color and see if the extension is something you want and looking for. If the color and length doesn't match your hair color, as long the (right portion) is unopened, you can return or exchange no question ask.
I got the Royal Remy 18" 200g Chocolate Brown hair extensions ,in the packaged it come with a 10 pieces hair clips. It includes: 1 piece of 4 clips (7.5"), 2 pieces of 3 clips

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.663284
Retrieved Text: Tottenham closing in on a Europa League place for next season. If Tottenham do qualify for European competition next season they will need to further strengthen a squad which struggled to handle the rigours of Thursday/Sunday football this year.
And we believe that Tottenham will focus on their front line in terms of transfers this summer.
Of course there is always room for improvement in every department of the team but Tottenham haven’t really convinced up top this time out.
The future of Roberto Soldado may be subject of some speculation after a poorest first campaign for the club.
Meanwhile Emmanuel Adebayor always seems one rumour away from joining another club despite a relatively successful season for Tottenham.
We think that Loic Remy would be a perfect addition for the club.
The QPR striker, who is on loan at Newcastle, will surely move on this summer after a campaign in the north-east which has proven his credentials beyond all doubt.
Tottenham need a bit more power and pace up front and Remy offers plenty of both.
He also has a brilliant eye for goal with 13 in 26 appearances for his temporary employers this season.
The great thing about signing someone like Remy is that, at perhaps £10-15m Tottenham would still have loads of money in the kitty to concentrate on other substantial targets.
French football site GFN took to Twitter this week to suggest that Tottenham, amongst others, had scouts at Newcastle’s game against Arsenal to see the striker in action.
With so many clubs reportedly after the player Tottenham need to move decisively on this

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.65909
Retrieved Text: Frankie smiled softly as he held him close.
Jacen leaned his head on Frankie's chest, closing his eyes as he tried to relax.
"Will you be fine here?"
"What do you want?" Remy asked.
Frankie started to carry him downstairs.
"Yeah, Jasper is here is anything happens."
Jacen held onto Frankie tightly, leaning against him more.
Artemis smiled and nodded. "True..."
"Okay." Remy chuckled before getting up.
Julian smiled as he rubbed his stomach.
"I'll be back later, okay?"
Remy smiled at him before going out into the kitchen.
"I love you too." Frankie said with a soft smile.
Julian picked up a book as he waited.
Jacen smiled before starting to fall back asleep in Frankie's arms.
"Love you." Artemis smiled, hugging Alex tightly.
Remy came back soon after with Julian's food.
Alex smiled happily and kissed him softly.
Julian smiled as he took the offered bowl.
Jay slowly opened his eyes.
Artemis kissed him back before reluctantly letting go.
Remy smiled and sat back beside him.
Cody was half asleep, curled up against Jay, one arm around his friend.
Alex sighed but let him go.
Julian started on his food.
Artemis frowned at the sigh and kissed him again. "We shouldn't be gone too long."
"Good?" Remy asked as he watched him.
"I will." Artemis nodded, kissing Alex's head.
Julian kisses his cheek with a smile.
Artemis gave a small smile before turning and going to find Frankie.
Remy chuckled and carefully pulled Julian close.
Frankie was in the hallway with Jacen.
Julian smiled as he relaxed again.
Jay curled up sadly, wanting to know if Seth was ok.
Artemis smiled when he saw them, speaking quietly when he saw Jacen asleep. "Ready to go?"
Remy held Julian close,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.600006
Retrieved Text: Remy is our third, and final, baby of the family. We like to refer to her as our spicy child because that's what she is - extremely spicy with a fiery mind of her own. It's hard for me to think back on last summer because she was just learning to do baby things like eat baby food, roll over and crawl on her own. This summer is a whole new situation. Rather than learning how to do things, Remy is learning (and being reminded) how NOT to do things. What do you mean, you ask? Like, standing on ALL THE THINGS. Standing on the table, the couch, the chair, the toys; I would call it the summer of, "No Remy!" But as much as it may drive me nuts, my husband reminded the other night that this is it - we will never have another baby at this stage of life again. And that struck a heart string because he's right, we will never experience the innocent and happy mischief of the toddler age again. The little stinker face that looks at you when she knows she is doing something wrong, this is the final time it will actually be cute. These are the memories I want to bundle up and keep forever of my little mover and shaker.
This summer has been busy already and I've decided to spend the last month of break staying in the moment with my family as much as I can. I want to experience things with them and create

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.41987
Retrieved Text: Here is a cute video of Remy & Matty playing. Remy loves ANYTHING with a squeaker. He generally refuses to play with quiet toys. Any toy that squeaks he loves (& usually destroys). We have tons of squeakers he has managed to remove from various toys. Today, Matty was teasing Remy with a squeaker & it drove poor Remy nuts. You can hear him voice his opinion. He's a talker!
Awwwww....poor Remy. Matty thinks of the cutest games to play with him. Way to go Matee! I loved watching.
Poor Remy! As I played that video at home, Goliath's ears perked right up and glared at the tv. He even snorted a couple of times! We should meet at a dog park w/our boys sometime, no?
I can't wait to see the baby! Clearly, I need to remind someone to e-mail me a pic of my painting again.... thanks for the reminder!
I will punch him in the neck next time I see him.

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: Context: The teacher asked the class a question and they seemed puzzled. Aubrey understood the question well and answered.

Question: What does Aubrey need to do before this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: ask for a gold star

B: know the information

C: skip her class

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.944614
Retrieved Text: There’s a fantastic video floating around of Khan Academy’s Sal Khan, who makes the case for mastery teaching and mastery learning. He makes a clear point. Would you choose to build a house on top of an unfinished foundation? Of course you wouldn’t. So why do we do it in education?
He explains it well. In our current educational system, we teach a subject and practice for a few weeks after which we do a test. The test might show that student A understood 75% of the material, where student B understood maybe 90%. At that point, the teacher will have identified exactly what parts of the learning material wasn’t understood by the students. However, instead of focusing on filling those gaps, the entire class moves on to the next, more advanced, subject. And this subject builds on the foundational material the class didn’t understand fully.
That’s strange. And that is why SOWISO has implemented a new mastery learning system.
For a long time, SOWISO students would have access to all the content at once (or whenever a teacher made it available). Scores were based on the average score over all the attempts made by a student.
Students will now see their mastery score during practice.
Mastering a subject means the student was able to finish a number of exercises without mistakes.
Students can now easily redo individual exercises without having to run through the entire set of exercises first.
We have added colors to show whether or not a student has met the mastery requirements of each specific exercise.
Red denotes that the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.71407
Retrieved Text: That is the second question a teacher of the law asked Jesus. The teacher first asked Jesus: “What shall I do to inherit eternal life?” When Jesus put the question back to the teacher his answer was “You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength and with all your mind, and your neighbor as yourself.” (Matt 10:27) Jesus agreed. The teacher of the law then asked his second question. Jesus did not answer his second question. His response was the parable of the good Samaritan. The parable answered the question: “What does loving my neighbor look like?” or maybe “What is being neighborly?” The implicit answer in the parable to the question “who is my neighbor?” is: whoever God puts in your path.
The teacher of the law understood that loving his neighbor was a big deal so he wanted to limit his scope of responsibility. Loving is a big deal. Certainly loving your neighbor means sharing with him about the one who loves him more. But it also means showing up when she needs a friend even if she is completely unwilling to talk about Jesus. We do not love our neighbors so they can hear the gospel. Our neighbors will hear the gospel because we love them.
So, who are your neighbors? Can you love them like Jesus does? You can in the power of the Holy Spirit. When does the Spirit show up? When we pray. So here is a challenge. Pick

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.195515
Retrieved Text: When you have gotten bored in teaching routine, it is better to introduce your class with some activities and games to energize your class and cheer them up.
For instance here is an activity on making them prepare yes or no questions.
For this you have to prepare well prior to the class and after entering into the class make your children into some groups. Name the groups with the names those they love most or connected with the language. For instance, VERB, NOUN, SUBJECT, COMPLEMENT etc.
Then give them five or ten minutes to prepare some statement that are to be challenging to the others to change into the yes or no question form.
Meanwhile the teacher has to draw a table with the names of the groups on the black board to award the points to the correct asked question to the statement stated by the other group.
1. Each group has to state their statement at once, when they get their chance in a linear way.
2. The next group has to answer with their interrogative to the question statement.
3. If the interrogative is correct, the teacher has to award the group with points on the board.
4. If they fail to answer the statement, the opportunity linearly transfers to the next group.
5. If no group has answered the statement, the group stated the statement is awarded with extra points.
In this way you can make the classroom energetic and enthusiastic. At the end of the class the winner team will be praised and clapped with other teams.
This game is really

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.830162
Retrieved Text: 5th Grade By: A. E.
Have you been wondering about the 5th grade and the teachers? All the teachers that teach our 5th grade are all wonderful and brilliant teachers. They all answered some great questions about their amazing upcoming year.
Mrs.Gilbert responded to a list of questions about teaching 5th grade.
Question: What are some new events in the 5th grade?
Answer: This year we are taking our field trip in December instead of May. This is a nice change and we are hoping that the different time of year will mean less crowds over in Philadelphia.
Question: What is the difference between the classes from past years?
Answer: One difference this year is that we started with narratives instead of informational. This was great in that we were able to jump right into the literature standards. We are beginning informational pieces after the holidays and I am excited to start a new type of reading and writing!
Question: What are some of your favorite quotes you tell your students to encourage them?
Answer: One of my favorite quotes involves remembering to write your name on your paper. I tell my students, "If you are going to do the work make sure you get the credit! Write your name on your paper!"
Question: What is your favorite part of being a teacher?
Answer: My favorite part of being a teacher is watching my students learn a new skill. When a student is able to learn and apply a new standard in his/her work it is such a feeling of accomplishment for me.
Mr.Rehn has answered to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.791145
Retrieved Text: A Movie or a Sitcom?
Recently some one I know posed this question to a study group I was in; “would you like your life to be a sitcom or a movie”. Puzzled, several people went in search of the answer, producing various results and arguments for why they had made their particular choice even though they hadn’t fully understood the question, whilst others asked each other what the question meant!
I then started working out my criteria for selection; dramatic performance, charisma of the lead part, how good the Director was, did it get an award? Was it funny?
Once done I realized I hadn’t answered my first question - what is the difference?
Frank Spencer, the lead character in Some Mothers do’av ‘em was a total disaster in the sitcom. Every week he started a project and had a real ambition for getting it done confident in the knowledge that this was the thing that would turn his life around. A new job, decorating the house, this was going to be the start of a new life. Of course we all know what happened in each episode, somehow he always managed to mess it up and he arrived right back where he started or even worse off than before!
Movies are very different, you see most movies (and there are some exceptions) have a very different outcome at the end compared to the start. You see the good guys generally prevail, starting out the underdogs and finishing up the hero, often with a happy ending. By virtue of their

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.63653
Retrieved Text: Like always, this year also the CBSE Class XII physics paper was difficult and tricky. It was a lengthy and an application based exam, making it hard for the students to complete it.
Though the Exam was from the prescribed NCERT syllabus, many failed to solve it completely as the too many things were to be answered from a single question.
A teacher at The Indian School Archana Raichandani remarked that even though the CBSE is raising the difficulty level, the students who have studied the NCERT thoroughly will not find it hard.
The paper was along expected lines according to another teacher, Nitin Jassal, teacher, Presidium School, Ashok Vihar. Giving the details of the paper structure he told that the five mark questions were direct and the 10 questions of three marks each were lengthy and application based.
Both the teachers and the students liked the value-based question that was based on the concept of a step down transformer.
A group of students, while coming from the school, noticed a box marked danger HT (high tension) 2,200 volts at a sub-station in the main street. They did not understand the utility of such a high voltage as the supply was only 220 volts. They asked their teacher this question the next day. The teacher thought it to be an important question and explained the answer to the whole class.
1. What device is used to bring high voltage down to low voltage of AC and what is the principle of its working? 2. Is it possible to use this device for

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.19215
Retrieved Text: Could it be the same problem as I pointed here?
It *could be* except for the problem of it having nothing to do with what I asked about.
This is how I understood your question: "Why can't I get gtk2 if there is a gtk+-2.0.2-r1.ebuild in /usr/portage/x11-libs/gtk+/?"
So, I answered it the same way as to "Why I don't get openoffice even if there is an openoffice-641d.ebuild in /usr/portage/app-office/openoffice/?"
oh I'm sorry, it SEEMED so offbase of an answer (because I didn't know where you were coming from) that I thought you hadn't even read my question.
Thank you for the reply though, sorry for the arse remark.
Now, just for the records... Was that your question?
I am trying to run Eclipse (www.eclipse.org) with the GTK2.0 support, but when I try and "emerge search gtk" the only thing that comes up is GTK 1.2. I found this kind of surprising that 2.0 wasn't at least listed, so I was curious how to get GTK 2.0 from emerge.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.91831
Retrieved Text: What Century are Your Employees Living in?
I picked up my son the other day at his friend’s house. The phone rang while I was there and one of his friend’s moms answered the call. I could only hear one side of the conversation, but you can imagine how puzzled I was by her question to the caller. “Do you know what century this is?” she asked? She then repeated this question several more times. Apparently not. The caller was asking if the man of the house was in. Really? That question might have been appropriate back in the fifties, but the last time I checked, many households no longer have men. Who is training these telemarketers and why are they hiring people who don’t have the good sense to push back when given a script that died when Leave it to Beaver left the air?
This entry was posted in Direct Marketing, Hiring and Recruitment. Bookmark the permalink. Follow any comments here with the RSS feed for this post. Post a comment or leave a trackback: Trackback URL.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.454075
Retrieved Text: “In early childhood classrooms, science based lessons are something that are often done, but not as often explored by students,” shares Kristen Harvey, Pre-Kindergarten teacher at the Franklin.
The Franklin Early Childhood Center, part of the Melrose Public Schools in Massachusetts, serves approximately 300 three and four year old students. This past fall, Franklin teachers were introduced to the Question Formulation Technique (QFT) as a way to begin project based learning (PBL) in science. In project based learning, a question leads students’ learning and final project. The teachers discussed using the QFT as a way to help students generate their own questions and guide student learning, investigations, and projects. To prepare to facilitate the QFT with their students, teachers experienced the QFT themselves using the school’s new playground as a Question Focus (QFocus). They generated questions as they explored the playground. They were charged to go back and try to use the strategy in their classroom. Below are descriptions of some of the ways question-asking was integrated into their units.
The QFT protocol was also used more flexibly by the early childhood educators. It had to be modified to meet the needs of three and four year olds. A QFocus was always used. Students generated questions that were then written by the teachers. Questions sometimes were generated over several days as new ideas were thought of by the students. Teachers led discussions on which questions they could investigate further referring back and adding to the questions generated as the unit unfolded.
Kristen Harvey, Pre-Kindergarten teacher describes her use of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.415073
Retrieved Text: Nivedita (N) : What is your experience of creating enabling environments for special children? As a teacher and principal is there any awareness/ training/ policy you need for managing it in a better manner?
Usha (U) : There have been very few children with special needs in the schools I have worked in. In the early days of my career, my efforts were limited to using my common sense in trying to solve some of their problems related to the physical environment. No training has been put in place for the teachers or the administrative staff. Teachers and principals along with parents, need to be sensitive and counselled in supporting children with special needs so that they become happy children who are firmly set onto the path of discovery of life and learning.
N : I believe all of us as children need a lot of support with something or the other. In school I was so fearful of Mathematics that I didn’t believe I could ever do a sum.
U : Me too, but do we think of it as a teacher or principal? I specially hate it when, during school inspections, the teacher will explain away a child’s inability to answer with the remark that “he/she is a slow learner”. Surprisingly, or may be not so surprisingly, even students of Class II and above know very well who is a slow learner! No teacher feels it is his duty to help the child answer. The teacher in the classroom is like a parent. Just as a parent

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.241524
Retrieved Text: "The Big Question" by Betsy Williams is taken from uu&me, Summer, 2006 (Church of the Larger Fellowship). Used by permission of the author.
Zero Unitarian Universalist churches like the one his family used to go to.
On the first day at his new school, his social studies teacher, trying to be friendly and welcoming to Milo, asked him what church his family went to. He answered, "Unitarian Universalist."
Everyone, including his teacher, looked at him with the same blank expression. Then the teacher asked, "What's that?"
Milo's head flooded with numbers—the number of kids in his Sunday school in his old congregation (56), the number of Unitarians who have been presidents of the United States (5), the number of UU congregations (1,042)—numbers that he knew wouldn't answer the question. So he just answered, "It's a religion," and sighed with relief when the teacher didn't ask the big question: "So what do you believe?"
But Milo knew it was only a matter of time. So Milo and his parents came up with an answer for him—they called it his "recess speech." It had three parts: 1. Unitarian Universalism is an old religion that grew out of Christianity. 2. UUs decide for themselves what they believe about religious ideas like God and Jesus and life after death. 3. UUs believe we have a responsibility to make the world a better place, and that starts with treating people and the earth with love, kindness, and respect.
Milo liked that—he could remember three parts, and three was a lucky number for him!
Activity 5: Then What is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.19693
Retrieved Text: The BrainBox Maths Pack contains 120 BrainBox cards designed for individual or group work. Helps children to improve their observation, memory and concentration. Supports the importance of spoken language in maths, developing children’s mathematical vocabulary.
The packs include two mini sand timers, one 30 second and one 10 second. Beginners should start with the 30 second timer and move on to the 10 second timer when they have played a few times.
The cards are colour coded so that the teacher can easily recognise and select the appropriate set of cards for the particular topic they are teaching and the year group.
The first player takes a card from the selected pile. They turn over the sand timer and study card until the timer runs out.
The player passes the card to another player and rolls the die. They must then answer the appropriate question. (e.g. if they roll a two they must answer question two).
The other player reads the question and checks the answer by looking at the front of the card.
If correct, the player who answered the question keeps the card. If incorrect, the card is returned to the pile of cards. The next player chooses the card.
The player with the most cards after ten minutes is the winner.
The player takes a card from the selected pile. They turn over the sand timer and study the card until the timer runs out.
The player rolls the die. They must then read and answer the appropriate question without looking at the front of the card. (e.g. If they roll a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.963432
Retrieved Text: "Student-centered" is just one set of new buzzwords in the education world. I remember sitting in a professional development session watching a video of students conducting the class with very little input from the teacher. I remember staring at the screen with disbelief. I internally questioned, "Where are those students from?"
I thought to myself, "That school must be nothing like my school. Those students are nothing like my students. There was no way my students would be able to do that."
Days, weeks, and months went by. I pushed the video out of my mind and thought nothing more of it. One day, I sat in my eighth-grade classroom watching one of my male students. Leon was facilitating the warm-up activity. He asked the class a question, to which multiple students raised their hands. Leon selected a student, Aaron, to provide the answer. After Aaron presented his response, Robin raised her hand and asked for clarification. Aaron then turned to Leon and asked him to present his journal to the class to demonstrate a model as to how he arrived at his answer.
It was at that moment, when it hit me. My students had become the students in the video. With a few intentional acts on my part and a release of power, my classroom became the model of "student-centered."
If you're like me, you've wanted to be a teacher since you were a child. At the ripe old age of six, I arranged my stuffed animals in a row and provided instruction on the alphabet using my

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.951252
Retrieved Text: This week, I “taught” a discussion group for one of my colleagues who is on vacation.
This discussion group was a free, round-table setting for employees of a pharmaceutical development company. The participants were German chemists, IT specialists, and engineers. When I say “taught,” what I really mean is that I was the native English speaker “expert” in charge of the group, but that my actual role was really not much like traditional teaching at all.
I prepared several discussion games and activities because I wasn't sure what to expect. However, it turns out that the participants wanted to talk about current events (occupy wall street, outsourcing business, total freedom, communism vs. socialism, etc.) amongst themselves. They were eager to use their English, they didn't rely on me “calling on” them before they answered. They simply negotiated a conversation the way they would have if they were conversing in German. They questioned each other, asked for clarification from each other, changed the topic together, and agreed/disagreed with each other. If the conversation ever died down, I would simply ask an open-ended question to direct the topic. The thing that surprised me the most was, at the end, when they told me that I needed to correct them more often!
My previous experience with group discussions is very different. I am used to having to pry words out of students' mouths, used to having to encourage and build them up in order to get them to talk, and used to having to decide on the one, singularly most important issue

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.835335
Retrieved Text: They say “school dey be but class dey bore” to wit, schooling is interesting but class is boring. To me, I think school day be wey class too dey be.
The class is normally boring when there is no teacher around especially in the high school levels when each subject has a designated teacher –I know you’ll think otherwise. Even though there will be a teacher, it would take the most engaging ones to get the class boiling. Students, on the other hand, are prepared for anything – whether the teacher will come or not, we dey inside.
The experience got one of YouTube’s creator, Maraji to come up with this compilation. Here are the kinds of students in the class when a question is asked by a teacher.
They act unconcerned and absent-minded during lessons. It is as if they didn’t hear the question being asked and will never attempt to answer one.
Previous articleGuys: 12 Things A Girl Does When She Likes You Already – If You Notice Number 10, You Got Her Bro!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.795845
Retrieved Text: To improve moral education, the government has extended financial support to local governments. However, moral education in this country is still in the process of development.
"What kind of class is moral education?" asked a former primary school principal who was lecturing at a seminar.
The 24 people attending the seminar tilted their heads, with puzzled looks on their faces.
This was a training seminar organized by the Tokyo Metropolitan Board of Education for public school teachers held in Tokyo on March 1, before they were officially employed by the metropolitan government.
In this year's seminar, moral education was chosen as a training seminar subject for the first time.
The lecturer answered his own question: "Fostering people who can think by themselves, judge by themselves and act based on their own beliefs. This is moral education."
He then used a video to show the teachers how to draw up lesson plans and utilize reading materials.
A moral education class is currently given once a week at primary and middle schools. However, it is not an official subject and no instructions on how to teach moral education are given. Everything is left to each school. Postwar moral education has been viewed indifferently, partly due to people's negative reaction to prewar shushin, or moral training education, which had been an education based mainly on nationalism.
When the lecturer asked what kind of moral education they had received, the majority of those attending the seminar could not remember.
The need to improve moral education was spotlighted anew in 2011 when a middle school student in Otsu committed suicide

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.714092
Retrieved Text: How many years of experience do you have? Which school level you feel more comfortable to work? What difficult experience do you have in IEP meetings?
I have 33 years of experience in education. I feel more comfortable working on Middle School level because I have a great experience working with elementary and high school. I believe that the Middle School level balance my experience. I have to supported the IEP team accused of discrimination in GA. I used the school logo to explain parents the importance of behavior to improve academics. I invited parents to support the SPED teacher to understand her in the process of teaching and learn how to do the process when they will work at home with their child. Parents accepted my invitation, understood the teacher, assisted their child to improve behavior and academics, and involved with the school.
Baseball or Bat, which one are you?
I am the Bat, the ball is my destiny. I control how far I hit my "ball"
On the other hand a bat has only one purpose. The ball can be hit by the bat, but also thrown, and caught. When the baseball is managed correctly, it will produce outs, and home runs. I might rather be the ball.
I answered with information that is relevant to the interview. I didn't give irrelevent info that they wont care about.
None seemed difficult or unexpected.
Discussed prior experience and required or anticipated duties.
I would reason with and ascertain his/her motivation for the behavior and firmly let them know that this situation would not

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.32124
Retrieved Text: I sat in front of the professor during office hours two days before the midterm exam. As I was flipping through my notes, page after page, I was searching for something that would allow me to ask a question. What were the things that I was at least a little bit “fuzzy” on? What material that we have learned could potentially be on the exam? And how could I create a question? The professor would stare at me with an earnest smile and his hands clasped together on his desk as he waited for a query.
The peculiar thing about asking a question is that it simultaneous shows what you know and what you don’t know. It would shed light on whether or not you understand the information of a course, but, more importantly, it shows that you are aware of how well you understand the information. I don’t know how much we should students who ask questions in class are not the ones who are ignorant or stupid, but the ones who are the most cognizant of their own knowledge.
As I sat there in front of my professor with my eyes rested in my poorly-organized sketches of notes and homework problems, I realized that I couldn’t think of a question. The professor suggested that I should come up with a list of questions that night to ask him during the next day. One thing that has made my classes more and more difficult over the years is that professors expect more initiative from students to ensure

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.282978
Retrieved Text: Yes, technology is everywhere. Last week one of my "technology challenged" friends who is from the Investment industry came visiting, he asked me this question over a casual talk - 'Is there any software or technology to help us in making decisions'. I understood the depth of question some minutes later because over the course of conversation, he explained why his firm desperately needed one because most of their investment decisions were made with very less data and they needed lost of data to be automatically loaded into a system and analyzed before a business decision was taken.
Just then, I was reminded of SunGard - a software product maker which has 25 years of rich experience in making softwares and has very recently released some software related to the Investment business. So, we immediately visited them(their website) and read about APT - their flagship system that provides decision support for the investment industry.
In due course, my friend also learned and made some quick notes about the software maker that most of the financial services institutions relied on SunGard for their financial related software/system. He was puzzled why his firm didn't rely so and was sure they should now!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.1757
Retrieved Text: I absolutely love this song from the Busy Beavers YouTube channel. It's perfect for any ESL lesson about the rooms of the house. So today, we played this song and then we did a fun, short and easy memory challenge PPT that they really enjoyed. It also worked well to set the tone for the rest of the lesson which involved watching the 'Look and Say' video and after I asked questions to see if they understood - and they were more awake and eager than usual. I believe the memory game warm up sparked this extra effort.
Anyway, you can download this memory PPT free at my Teachers Pay Teachers store.
You should play the song first, give no warning about the memory game. Then play.
The first slide has the A-pink Kpop song snippet within it, "Do you remember?" song lol... to get them excited. The boxes will disappear with questions. Make sure to emphasize that they listen to the question when the teacher reads it aloud, before jumping to answer a different one.
you can download this memory PPT free at my Teachers Pay Teachers store.
Hope this is useful in your ESL class.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.758512
Retrieved Text: A question of Self worth.
Lovely thoughts regarding our intrinsic value and self worth.
A teacher stands in front of a class of high schoolers with a $20 bill, he asks them if they want the money, a chorus of yeses rings around the classroom. He screws it up and throws it on the floor, and asks them again, another resounding round of yeses, some shaking their heads, and thinking what the hell. Then he stomps on the $20 dollar bill and smushes it into the ground, and proceeds to jump up and down on it, somewhat aggressively and with gusto. He then picks it up, and unfolds it carefully, it’s in one piece, a little worse for wear, a bit dirty, and again he asks, and the class erupts into another wave of yeses, with some laughter and puzzled questioning. The class wonder what is next, is he going to tear it, eat it!?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.679995
Retrieved Text: After returning to teaching this week, I found the daily reflections on classes extremely useful to highlight areas that I needed to improve in my teaching. Reflecting has helped me to identify what strategies had been successful to create effective learning experiences.
What I realize from this week is that when students have challenging work to do it almost guarantees the class will run smoothly. I also feel it is important to use to visual aids and artists work to support learning through different stages of the creative process. These also continue to inspire me as an artist and teacher.
In the previous two blocks I had struggled to manage the first year class, as they were so energetic especially for the last classes of Friday. I knew that I had to go into the classroom with a strong presence on the first day. Now as my confidence as a teacher has grown, I feel I have a stronger presence in the classroom. Today I felt like I was the teacher, I was in charge. I realize that I must keep this class busy, to try to channel their energy well over the next weeks in a positive manner to create interesting textile work.
At the beginning of class I introduced the students to the sticks and encouraged them to use the sticks to paint. As I moved around the classroom at the beginning I realised that some students were experimenting with the sticks and cardboard but many students had started painting with small brushes again, I addressed the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.48306
Retrieved Text: This is not one of my required Kenan blogs, but I’m feeling inspired and don’t have anywhere else to write these things right now.
Currently I am in my second week of school staying busy and loving life. During my second period planning block, three high school students take an online calculus class. They work in the library which doubles as a copy room (our small campus means almost all rooms do double duty). Sometimes when I walk in to make copies for my afternoon core class, the older students will take a break from working and engage me in conversation.
Today, in the midst of making copies, one of the 10th graders asked me the question to end all questions.
Hey, why are you a teacher anyway? You could be doing something awesome like working in a science lab somewhere.
This is a question that comes up from time to time and in the past has left me feeling a little unsure. Could I be doing something more awesome? Would I be happier working in a lab somewhere? I’m now more sure than ever that the answer is no.
As I gushed about the joys of teaching to teenage boys who definitely got more of an answer than they’d bargained for, I amazed myself. My summer Kenan Fellows experience already has fundamentally changed how I look at what I do. Working in a real science lab was awesome, but making creative decisions about how to bring an awesome science experience to my students and then watching them fall in love

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.470587
Retrieved Text: I tried to use the same kind of warm-up I used in elementary school (a word problem to practice a particular problem solving strategy, including a written explanation). Sometimes these took 20-30 minutes. So, that left only 10 -20 minutes to review homework, teach a new lesson, and practice.....but that didn't work well. So I cut these warm-ups down to once a week and let them take the whole class period. But I felt like warm-ups once a week wasn't enough.
My next issue was reviewing homework. I wanted to go over all (or most) of the problems. I wanted to be sure that I answered all the questions anyone had (and discussed certain problems even if no one asked the questions). So homework often took a long time to go over.
I struggled with the best balance of warm-ups, homework review, lesson, and practice for a couple of years, I have to admit. And no one that I taught with seemed to have the same issues as me. Part of that was because they weren't using warm-ups like I was, so they weren't losing that chunk of time at the beginning of class. But I knew the warm-ups and our discussions were beneficial to the students in the long term.
1) Warm-ups are homework. My warm-ups are only 2-3 questions per day, so is isn't a long assignment. Even when it's added on to other homework, it doesn't take that much extra time. There are times when students don't have the knowledge to answer a warm-up question (because

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.458881
Retrieved Text: Schools don't teach how to ask good questions. Which is a shame, because good questions are magic.
They're hard to ask, though! To ask a good question, you have to understand what you know and what you don't know, and stand on the very edge. A good question transforms a cloud of unknowing into a tool. A good question directs your emotions toward finding an answer.
Posing a good question isn't easy. It's hard to ask big questions, hard to ask specific small questions, hard to ask solvable questions.
In fact, questions of any sort only come into schooling in a limited way. Students ask questions in school, of course, but often just at the periphery — when they really don't understand what the teacher just said, and feel bold enough to admit it. But great learning is powered by questions.
Every day, students collect their observations, questions, and stray hunches into a special idea-journal they have (for now, dubbed a "commonplace book").
Once a week, the class meets to share the questions they'd most like to pursue. In that meeting, students evaluate their questions — are they open-ended, or close-ended (for example, could they be answered with a single word?)? Are they factual, interpretative, or evaluative?
In the meeting, the class chooses a handful of questions that they'd most like to pursue.
Our hope is for students to get good at recognizing what they don't know.
We hope that recognizing that they swim in mystery might make them much more curious about everything.
We hope that wielding the ability to control questions will give

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.455692
Retrieved Text: Both of these things are true: 1) Forced-birther advocates are often misogynist in intent; 2) Forced-birther advocates are simultaneously also transphobic in impact. When arguing in favour of laws that infantilize people making decisions about what to do with their pregnancies, the rhetoric is often laced with the belief that (cis) women are flighty and thoughtless, and thus can’t make decisions for their own body. Unsurprisingly research has shown this to correlate with a variety of other misogynist beliefs.
In reality, the struggle over abortion goes back to Dr. Tiller’s slogan. The question is whether or not women can be trusted to make decisions for themselves like adults, or whether they should be relegated to second-class status, stripped of the right to bodily autonomy. Recent research, published over the past month, highlights how central this question is to the abortion debate and demonstrates that despite widespread skepticism about women’s basic decision-making capacity on the right, women are highly competent when it comes to knowing what they need and quite capable of taking control of their lives — if they are allowed to.
“The polling data that exists on abortion is so one-dimensional,” Tresa Undem, a researcher for the polling firm PerryUndem, told Salon. So Undem conducted focus groups and polling meant to go deeper, and find out what people really think about women who get abortions. What she found out was that, among those who oppose abortion, there’s a widespread belief the women who have abortions are unintelligent, irresponsible and thoughtless.
Anti-abortion respondents also seemed to believe that men

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.279085
Retrieved Text: Which teacher changed your life and why?
Home Education Episode 41: Which teacher changed your life and why?
Episode 41: Which teacher changed your life and why?
We’ve had dozens of teachers, scientists, professors, and authors on the Class Dismissed Podcast. All of our guests have graciously participated in the “Pop Quiz” segment of our show, and all of them have answered our favorite question.
What’s so great about this question?
We love this question because it triggers nostalgia. It requires our guest to reflect on their childhood and pinpoint a moment where a teacher made a profound impact on their life.
The answer also offers current teachers insight into what makes a teacher great.
Farber credits his fourth-grade teacher with “getting him out of his shell” and says he wonders if he would have been a scientist today if it were not for that teacher.
“My eighth-grade teacher Ms. Crawson. She’s the one that gave me confidence,” said Philadelphia teacher Jayda Pugliese. Pugliese, a Milken Award Winner, was our guest in Episode 08 to discuss her classrooms incredible work with a 3D Printer.
Pugliese talked about how her hearing is impaired and when she was in the eighth-grade classmates would bully her about her disability.
To hear more of our guests’ inspirational stories listen to Episode 41 of the Class Dismissed Podcast.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.170078
Retrieved Text: All participants in our Adobe Acrobat Classes have an opportunity to provide feedback as a part of their course. Below you’ll find reviews from clients specific to our Adobe Acrobat Classes. We collect more detailed evaluations covering the instructor, materials, and classroom environment which are also available for you to review before enrolling.
We have more than 1,000 clients willing to serve as references for our Adobe Acrobat Classes. If you want to talk with a previous training client who has taken Adobe Acrobat Classes at American Graphics Institute, contact us and we’ll be happy to provide you with additional references.
"I needed to learn Acrobat Accessibility / Section 508 and training with Greg was a good choice. He was clearly organized and personally addressed the information that was relevant for me. He used my own project files for class examples, which was appreciated. He was flexible and answered all of my questions. He also took time to seek out answers. I would highly recommend taking this class with Greg to anyone who is interested. It was excellent! "
"I didn't think it would be possible for an Acrobat class to cover a full day but I learned that there's so much that the program is capable of doing. Editing, securing, signing, adding commets - the teacher answered every question and kept the class interesting too."
"I really enjoyed the Acrobat class and Justine made learning acrobat interesting. She is an amazing teacher! I can't wait to use my book that I received - everything was great. no complaints! I

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.961433
Retrieved Text: With a city name like Palestine (in East Texas), comparisons and jokes are inevitable.
Palestine (pronounced ˈpæl.ɛs.tin) is a city in Anderson County, Texas, in the United States. As of the 2000 census, the city population was 17,598. It is the county seat of Anderson County and is situated in East Texas. Palestine was named for Palestine, Illinois, the home of an early settler.
The largest employer is the Texas Department of Criminal Justice, which employs more than 3,900. Another 1,600 work at two Wal-Mart distribution centers. Other significant employers include a thriving medical and healthcare sector that tends to the large population of retirees. Finally a distinguishing mark of Palestine is that it is home to the NASA Columbia Scientific Balloon Facility, which has flown 1700 high-altitude balloons for universities and research agencies.
Plano, TX; Wordware Publishing, Inc.
Sunday School Teacher: Jimmy, wear was Jesus born?
Teacher (exasperated): No, Jimmy, it was Palestine!!!
A man went to the local church and asked to join.
The preacher said “Ok, but you have to pass a small bible test first.
Soooooo....he went to another church and asked to join.
The preacher said “Sorry...you can’t join our church.
Soooo....he goes to another church and asked to join.
Priest says,"OK, but you got to answer some questions.” He ran down a list of a few things: How many commandments? How many disciples? When is Christmas? Stuff like that. And the old driller was doing pretty good until the priest asked the last question.
The old cowboy thought for a minute and said,"Tyler?"
He was more careful this time and thought even longer.
He

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.918978
Retrieved Text: What’s standing between you and more “good skin” days?
YourGoodSkin™ was born out of a very simple question: What are the biggest challenges women have with their skin?
Three thousand women answered that question. They told us they were tired of confused skin that could be dull and dry one day, oily the next, with blemishes and uneven skin tone they couldn't control. They were tired of chasing those skin problems, one at a time, with products that never seemed to make their skin look better.
They asked us to create ONE system that could fight all FIVE of these most common and frustrating skin problems at once.
Welcome to beautiful healthy-looking skin you can count on.
YourGoodSkin™ was co-created with thousands of women, just like you.

================



======= Instance Index 27 =========
Input Text: Context: Aubrey succeeded at what they were trying to do and felt like a success.

Question: What will Aubrey want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: make their goals come true

B: be asked to to well

C: keep doing well

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.969988
Retrieved Text: You'll find one of Grace Fletcher's great stories further down this page.
I am 11 years old, I started writing proper stories at the age of 7 but I've always enjoyed reading books. Before i started writing proper stories i wrote paragraphs of things that interested me.
When I first read Born to Dance it inspired me to write some stories of my own.
My story is called THE MAGICAL NIGHT RIDE!!!
Once upon a time there was a girl called Becky. She owned a 14 hand pony called Ollie. Ollie was cheeky and strong, but nice and gentle. Becky’s best friend, Martha, owned a cute 14 hand pony called Kizzy, also with four white socks. Kizzy had a kind nature and trusted Martha.
One day Becky and Martha were going on a hack. They planned to camp overnight in a meadow. They were cantering through the lush green grass with tulips, vines and roses growing all around. The hedges were neatly cut back and everything was quiet and peaceful.
Night began to fall and they stopped under a fine old tree. They quickly set up their tents, made the fire, and sorted out the ponies. It was full moon and every star shone brightly. Surely this meant that something magical would happen that night. Each girl felt a tingle going through her body… and another… and another. Then, all of a sudden they felt something flapping behind them and they were whisked off the ground!
They spun round but nothing seemed to be there. They looked again, and this time they realised

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.268219
Retrieved Text: The value of human life is invaluable but many people want us to hide our light under a bushel basket so that they can let theirs shine. When are you going to come out of the closet and stop others from making us do this. Just as it is life changing for a homosexual to come out of the closet so is it life changing for any individual to come out of the closet and expose who he or she really is.
Forcing a belief system on another through coercion is not the way to spread love and knowledge. We all have something to contribute and to have another’s belief system forced upon us out of the fear that our expressing our beliefs system which is different will restrict theirs.
I believe we all have something to contribute if we believe in our selves from the most developmentally disabled individual to the most brilliant and verbal individual. When we assemble in a group, why do we almost automatically begin to judge ourselves against each other. Leaving some people out and promoting other people to positions of leadership over the rest of us. How often does someone sit quietly in a classroom because they feel that they have little to contribute. So often people criticize others and complain about others so strongly that they cause others to shut up and make no contributions for fear of being criticized.
Great people like Dr. Elizabeth Kubler-Ross have recognized the contributions of “little” people that most people don’t notice or ignore. How about

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.132551
Retrieved Text: She is known as a comedian actress. The movie is always relaxing and funny if she takes part in it. She seems light minded but in fact she is a strong and hard working person, who had to struggle for her success.
Aubrey Christina Plaza was born in 1984, on the 26th of June. Her birthplace is Wilmington, Delaware, so she is American, although she has Irish and Puerto Rican roots. Her mother, Bernadette Plaza, made her fortune as an attorney. Her father, David Plaza, was a stockbroker.
The future star grew up with two younger sisters, Natalie and Renee. Later she told that her sister Natalie was her inspiration and the prototype for her heroines.
Aubrey has an unusual name. She told it was her mother, who invented this strange name. Thus the song of her favorite band was called.
From the very childhood the girl showed her talent to acting. She attended Ursuline Academy. After that she entered Tisch School of the Arts, where she got Bachelor degree. During her studying at school, Aubrey had a sudden stroke and was contemporary paralyzed. She recovered but this event was shocking for Aubrey. She felt that she had got another chance and should use it to make something important in her life.
Aubrey Plaza started her career in 2004. At first she was a theater actress. A year later she got the role in TV series “Criminal Minds”. In 2006 she participated in “CollegeHumor Originals”. Producers noticed the talent of an actress to make people laugh. Thus gradually Aubrey was turned

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.894863
Retrieved Text: This week’s Money Master is Aubrey Queen of HalfPennyBlog. We’re excited to feature Aubrey. This is a Money Master that has been a long time in the making. We connected a long time ago and Aubrey agreed to be a Money Master. Then life happened and for a spell Aubrey considered cancelling her blog. Thankfully, Aubrey has decided to not do so.
Aubrey writes very personally. We learn a little bit more about her with each posts. As avid personal finance blog readers ourselves, we’re particularly fond of Aubrey’s list of favorite reads. Luckily, the Debt Free Guys™ make the cut.
Aubrey, also, has a unique 52 week challenge to help her readers save money. In a crafty way, it will help them save $1,378 in a year. That’s as much as one month’s rent in Denver or a modest mortgage payment. If started in the first week of January, Aubrey’s readers will reach their goal at an optimal time to pay for Christmas shopping.
Learn more about Aubrey below.
I grew up with and without money. It’s hard to explain in detail, but we either had more than enough money to do all those fun and costly extras, or we were completely broke and trying to pay the bills month to month. While there was always talk about saving money, it was never made a priority. When I originally started working, I got caught in the same trap of spending almost everything I had earned every paycheck. If I wanted it, and I had the money, I could obviously

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.871267
Retrieved Text: Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorder Associated with Streptococcal Infection (PANDAS) is generally characterized by obsessive compulsive behaviors and tics that have sudden onset following a strep infection. While this is the most common presentation, any psychiatric or behavioral symptoms could result, including rage and general anxiety.
The cause of PANDAS is believed to be an autoimmune response to the strep infection that tries to “hide” from the immune system by using something called molecular mimicry. This means that they generate proteins that look similar to proteins that our own cells produce. Eventually the immune system wises up to the tricky strep bacteria, but goes on overkill and while it attacks the invader, it also attacks the cells of the body as well, including the cells of the nervous system. What is not understood is how some kids are susceptible to this type of response and others not, or how some kids will get better with a single round of antibiotics and some have recurrent symptoms regardless of antibiotic use.
At Resilience Naturopathic, we have found that the most effective method to stimulate healing in PANDAS is homeopathy. This unique system of medicine is the cornerstone to our success in the Resilience Method as it helps our patients find balance and stability.
Aubrey’s* mom Julie contacted Resilience Naturopathic in the hopes that she could get off the antibiotic loop that she felt stuck on. Aubrey didn’t have the typical pattern of OCD and tics, but she had significant behavioral issues that showed up very randomly, seemingly for no reason. Julie had

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.624493
Retrieved Text: One day, when they were still working, they heard a voice – deep, hoarse voice: ‘H-E-L-L-O’.
‘Keep quiet, Victor. I’m trying to do something important. And, why are you making such clumsy noises, with this HELLO of yours?’ Ginnie shouted at Victorson.
‘I-T I-S M-E’. The same voice came again.
‘Yes, I know it’s you. But why are you bleating like a sick goat, I ask?’ Ginnie felt irritated, as she kept working with her full attention on the tools in her hands.
Both of them instantly darted their eyes in the direction from which the voice came. It was the metallic man they created. He was waving his hand to draw their attention.
They had succeeded. They had succeeded in their experiment. They had created a combination of a man and a machine – a robot, an android, rather a humanoid. He was able to talk and he was able to walk. They still continued their work to make him an intelligent man – an artificially intelligent man.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.120195
Retrieved Text: Erik and Aubrey talked about the California Symphony's "Orchestra X" project to better understand user experience purchasing and attending a concert, and the website changes they made based on their findings. They also discussed the California Symphony's disciplined approach to patron communication, as well as their recent Public Organizational Commitment to Diversity across programming, staffing, and the board.
Orchestras are excellent at securing new audiences. It's not a new audience problem, but a retention problem. That's where we fail.
Aubrey Bergauer is the Executive Director of the California Symphony. When Aubrey took over at the California Symphony, it was in rough operational and financial shape. Under her leadership, the company has implemented changes that led to an increase in subscription revenue by over 70%, an increase in audience size by over 70%, and an increase in contributed revenue by over 40%. Using data coupled with a clear strategy and support from the board of directors, she was able to swiftly implement discipline and rigor to how the organization markets, fundraises and communicates with patrons.
Erik Gensler: Thank you so much for being here. I'm really excited to chat with you.
Aubrey Bergauer: Yeah, like wise.
Erik Gensler: So you first came on my radar when I read your blog post, "Orchestra X: The Results." Can you tell me about that project and some of the things that you learned?
Aubrey Bergauer: We decided at the California Symphony, we were going to just talk to people about why they're not coming to the orchestra. And what we did was we put out, the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.799948
Retrieved Text: I am watching Modern family and I am currently on season 3. In Modern family, season 1 Lily is played by Jaden. In season 2 by Ella Hiller and from season 3 Aubrey Anderson-Emmons. What is the reason behind these frequent changes ? Did the creators want to show a much grown up Lily by season 3?
Looking up the character on Wikipedia reveals that twin actors Jaden and Ella Hiller were replaced by Aubrey Anderson-Emmons. The reasons cited were the twin actresses' mother claimed they did not enjoy acting anymore, thus they "retired", and the role was recast with Aubrey Anderson-Emmons as Lily, who was old enough to provide speaking lines for Lily for the first time in the show.
Going further as a general film production question, the simple matter is that the actor or actress must be able to meet the demands of the character they've been selected to portray. Should the production team feel they're not able to do that at any point, they have the option to recast the role (barring contractual agreements to the contrary).
These rules apply to child actors just as much as adult actors.
Case in point for an adult role, Eric Stoltz was cast to play Marty McFly in Back to the Future. Initially Zemeckis wanted Michael J. Fox, but Fox was unable to get time off from filming the TV show Family Ties, so they cast Stoltz instead. 4 weeks into filming they realized it wasn't going to work and opted to recast with Fox when he was available,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.419416
Retrieved Text: Best OB-GYNs in Aubrey, AR with Verified Reviews – Book Online!
Need to make an ob-gyn appointment this week? Use Zocdoc to find ob-gyns in Aubrey who take your insurance. It’s simple, secure and free.
My visit was timley and prompt. I was asked about my concerns and felt like I was being listened to.
I love love love ELLEN , I’ve been going to her since I was about 9 or 10. She’s awesome!
Dr. Pepperman and his staff were very professional and helpful. They were very kind and easy to talk to, making the visit comforting.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.360022
Retrieved Text: I'm stumped!!! I don't know how to proceed!!!!
Then perhaps we may not be able to proceed. Do you think we should do a part 2?
The Council walked into the dimly lit room and sat at the round table. Maria, Sam, Darius, Kari, Aubrey, and Tom sat in their designated seats. There were lots of shadows but the Council wasn't worried because of their powers. Confident and powerful, not good people to have as enemies. The meeting began with a review of the past months developments. How close they were to taking down Dr. Marcel, the progress made while training the younger members, updates on the guns an amunition, and all that other nonsense. They consulted on the food supply then on their run in with the Counter Attack. The Counter Attack was a group of serum induced goons designed to hunt down any rouges experriments, such as my self and the Council.
"Any progress with tracking down the *Impossibles?" Tom asked.
"We've been able to identify a few more and are setting a watch on them." Aubrey replied.
"The Twins and Phantom." Maria answered.
"Any idea what the Twins powers are?" Kari questioned.
"We believe the older one is able to control fire and water and one other element and the younger one is some sort of super genius and flyer." Sam clarified.
"And the Phantom?" Kari again.
"Still unclear, though there was another situation north of here." Maria said.
"He's getter closer." Aubrey said in a contemplative tone.
"We should seek him out. The Phantom has been in nearly every place we've been targeting

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.19175
Retrieved Text: A Georgia teen who vanished from his high school two years ago has been found safe and he wants his loved ones to know he was just out having a good time.
Aubrey Carroll was last seen leaving Spalding High School in May 2016 and his subsequent absence had reportedly caused his family a great deal of anguish.
But this week, Aubrey reappeared with a message for those who worried about him all this time.
"Hey, my name is Aubrey Carroll. It’s nice to see y’all," Aubrey says in a video that was posted on the Spalding County Sheriff’s Facebook page Tuesday.
As part of their long-running investigation into his disappearance, investigators say they learned Aubrey, now 17, traveled extensively with a group of people who live solely on cash made through bartering.
“They basically looked like a group of people from the Woodstock era in their clothing and life style,” Sheriff Darrell Dix said.
They also learned that Aubrey was using an assumed name and that he had a Facebook page under that name.
"We also found out that over the time since Aubrey left he had no less than five personal contacts with law enforcement agencies ranging from Alabama to Arizona under his assumed identity," the Spalding County Sheriff's Office said in a statement.
Once they knew Aubrey was alive and well, investigators reached out to his family. To prevent him from going back into hiding, authorities and Aubrey's family decided to wait until he had another interaction with police before trying to arrange a reunion.
However, someone in Aubrey's family tipped him

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.185345
Retrieved Text: Well, this certainly took me a long while to get finished. I've mentioned before the fact that I was up to my eyes in essays, but still, this was a bit of a slog. Taking out the panic factor, I'll try explaining below.
This is usually the part where I outline the book's plot, in a spoiler-free way. I can't really do that here. Not because Master & Commander has a lot of twists and turns like Invisible Monster. Rather, I can't explain the plot because it doesn't really have one. The best I could do would probably be to say that it's a record of the first few cruises that Captain Jack Aubrey and his surgeon Stephen Maturin experience together. Otherwise, there really is no over-arching plot thread: instead, it feels more like a set of short stories involving the same characters strung together in chronological order. That leaves me in a strange position. Part of me really wants to take away something more over-arching and lasting, so the plot structure irks me as a result. Another part of me then steps in and says that I'm being silly: it's truer to life and it's not as if it's badly written, so what am I complaining about? The result of this conflict is that, basically, Master & Commander's plot leaves me completely cold. But that by itself wouldn't bother me, so long as the characters were good.
Which is where another problem comes in. The characters feel a bit flat. Of course, Aubrey and Maturin feel nicely

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.169298
Retrieved Text: Aubrey Asleson sat down with Mara Rosen, marketing associate and poetry editor at Trouble Child, to talk poetry, personality, and life after college.
Aubrey Asleson: When did you start reading poetry? When did you start writing it, and what inspires you to do so?
Mara Rosen: I actually didn’t start seriously reading or seeking out poetry until after I graduated high school. It always felt like a very inaccessible genre to someone living in a very conservative town in Wisconsin. Maybe part of me knew I was missing it, though, because I spent a hell of a lot of time reading the lyric booklets out of my CD collection, and if we’re being honest, I still enjoy a long, romantic walk through AZLyrics.
On the other hand, even though I didn’t start reading poetry until after high school, I’ve been writing poetry for as long as I can remember. I have notebooks full of poems from as early as kindergarten. It’s always felt incredibly essential to being alive. From childhood, I’ve had a lot of trouble saying exactly what I mean. I’m not a great speaker, and a lot of my thoughts and feelings are abstract, meaning that they don’t come out quite right in face to face conversations. In that sense, poetry has always been that outlet for me. For someone who lives and experiences so much of life inside of their head, writing is where I get to say what I’m thinking without it feeling wrong, messy, or inconcise.
AA: What role do poetry and literature in general

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.019758
Retrieved Text: There’s a mystery surrounding twins that extends beyond what was explored in The Parent Trap (the Lindsay Lohan version is the best one). Are twins linked psychically? If they’re separated at birth, do their instincts draw them together?
You hear about twins reuniting but these stories tend to be because of close proximity, this is a story of how one adopted mother gave her daughter the greatest gift of all: a sister.
The Lumpkins sisters (Aubrey and Avery) were separated one Aubrey was adopted by an American couple from a Chinese orphanage. Lisa and Gene Lumpkins, the parents, had no idea Aubrey was a twin when they brought her home.
Last year, Lisa was scrolling Facebook as you do and found a picture of a young girl, about Aubrey’s age, that was a spitting image of her adopted daughter.
The Lumpkins conducted a DNA test on the two and found out that they were in fact twins.
Gene and Lisa thought that having two kids would be too much effort. The’d recently discovered rock climbing as well and didn’t want to sacrifice their new hobby. Their reasoning was that there was no point in having two of the same child….
The girls are 13 now and get on like they hadn’t been separated for six years despite a big language barrier. The two daughters both have cerebral palsy but look after each other like loving sisters.
What an inspiring story, if this doesn’t make you want to go out and do some good for the world then it should at least motivate you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.971836
Retrieved Text: Today our Aubrey turned 6 years old! Wow- how the time has flown. I felt all motherly today sending her to school with cupcakes I baked last night. When she got home from school, she was wearing a cute Birthday Crown. She had even gotten her name announced on the intercom at school and got to go to the office to get a special prize. They sang her Happy Birthday at school and she said she had a great day. In the evening, we threw her a big birthday bash at The Zone and she had a blast. And what would you guess the theme was, High School Musical of course! What party isn't High School Musical this year? Lots of friends, bouncing, sliding, pizza, cake and fun! Thanks to everyone that made it and for the great gifts. She loved everything! It was a great day for her. "It was my best birthday ever!" Thats what she said before she went to sleep, which is what she says at the end of every birthday:) We love you so much Aubrey and are happy you had such a fun day! Stop growing, will ya???? Happy Birthday!
Aubrey got this awesome wig from her Auntie Genie & Uncle Aaron. She didn't have it on quite right in this picture, but in Ella's picture you can see how it looks. Everyone thought it was so cool!
I think Ella wants to be a model or something. She just loves to have her picture taken and loves to pose!
Even Cali loved

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.72332
Retrieved Text: When Andrew and Aubrey Czarzasty met at a Trivia Night at the Barley House on West 6th Street seven years ago, they were already in love with Cleveland. What they didn’t know was that they would also fall in love with each other.
“I had moved to Cleveland from Michigan in 2010 and was working in outside sales, so I was driving everywhere,” recalls Aubrey. She lived at the WT Grant Building.
Andrew had also moved up to Cleveland to the WT Grant Building from Centerville, Ohio, initially to attend the Cleveland Marshall College of Law, where he graduated in 2010, passing the bar that same year.
Two years after meeting at the Barley House, the couple moved into the Archer, where they live today. They were married a little over a year ago. Andrew is now chief financial officer and chief operating officer of the Salerno Group, which owns Lago Custom Events, while Aubrey is the sales manager for Lago Custom Events, overseeing inside and outside sales.
Aubrey likes the location because it fits the couple’s lifestyle.
Indeed, the food scene is one of the major reasons this couple lives downtown. Both Andrew and Aubrey also like to attend sports events, shows and concerts at Playhouse Square, Quicken Loans Arena and FirstEnergy Stadium.
“When we go to the theater district, we both like to see live shows and traveling shows like Cirque du Soleil,” says Andrew.
The couple also like attending major concerts at the Q and FirstEnergy, whether it’s country, hip hop or rock.
But there’s always time to catch a bite

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.714384
Retrieved Text: How do you go about finding motivation to do what needs to be done, so that you can have the slimmer you?
Expectations - They can help you in finding motivation, or they can stop it in it's tracks!
Look at this for a minute. If you've tried to lose weight permanently before, and found yourself back where you started, what was it stopped you getting the results you wanted and keeping them?
Two things (or maybe only one of these), you couldn't maintain the program you tried, because it didn't fit with your life, and at some stage or another you got disheartened because you didn't meet your expectations!
Maybe you didn't meet a weight loss goal you'd set yourself. Maybe you'd expected to see major changes in your body by a certain time, and then didn't. Maybe you set yourself the goal, and expected that it would be easy, of eating a healthy lunch for three days, and you only did it for two!
When you fail to meet your own expectations...you feel like you've failed, then you either get morose and say, "what's the point, I can't do this", or you spend hours of your day trying to rationalize to yourself that it's o.k. "It's o.k. I can start again tomorrow, it's o.k. there's no permanent damage".
There's nothing wrong in the second approach (the first...what's the point...is a cop out, you know it and I know it), in fact, talking ourselves through things that haven't gone the way we expected can help us a lot.
But there is another

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.67506
Retrieved Text: What do you think first and most often when you hear the word failure? You probably are thinking that you’re not good enough and that you should give up. Do you ever find feeling that you’ve failed in a negative black-and-white way leaves you with a lot of (if even temporary) self-doubt? Maybe even really down on yourself in a devaluing and critical way? What if you were to temper or balance your reaction to what feels like or even is, in part, failure, and realize its ability to teach, empower, and its importance in your ultimate success. Because failure can involve those thoughts and emotions, failure can also make us stronger or wiser.
A simple definition of failure is: An act or instance of failing or proving unsuccessful; lack of success.
When you think of this definition of failure, you may find it a helpful reminded of Thomas Edison, the inventor of the light bulb. While there are many conflicting stories of how many times Edison “failed” at inventing the electric light bulb, most agree it was in the thousands of “failed tries” before he found the right combination of materials. However, all those so-called failures led to Edison’s eventual success.
If you adopt this same attitude, you’ll overcome your feelings of failure. You’ll be able to see how each so-called failure is really a part of the process of your growing, learning, recovering, becoming more empowered, achieving your goals – finding what you want and need to shift to find the success personally and or professionally that

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.456442
Retrieved Text: December 10, 2008, 2:28 p.m.
How do you remove your eye makeup at night? While some environmentalists swear by olive oil -- or even the soap-and-water-only method -- many eco-beauty mavens want a less crunchy solution. So I put two greener eye makeup removers -- both of which got a "low hazard" score of 2 on the Skin Deep cosmetic safety database -- to the test.
First up: Aubrey Organics Herbessence Makeup Remover. While Aubrey's a very health and environmentally counscious company, I unfortunately find that many of Aubrey's products don't work for me. This makeup remover was no exception, because it felt exactly like rubbing pure oil on my eyelids — which made me think I may as well use olive oil and save myself some money.
My second choice -- Earth Science Eye Make-Up Remover -- fared a lot better. This fragrance-free, paraben-free product is a clear gel that’s non-greasy and does its job quite well.
I’m fairly happy with Earth Science, but it seems there are quite a few eye makeup removers on the market that score a 0 ranking on Skin Deep, making them even safer than my current product! I’m now curious about trying those, though I’d rather not run into another bad Aubrey-like experience.
Got an eco eye makeup remover to recommend? Share your reviews in the comments!
Two greener eye makeup removers are put to the test.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.26932
Retrieved Text: Hugh looked up from the pile of mulch he was carefully spreading out along the flower bed in front of his father’s house and stared blankly at Quinn.
“I never used to do that.” Hugh moved the rake through the mulch pile again.
There was no way he was going to win this argument. Quinn was the most tenacious of all his siblings, and when he wanted something—or thought he was right about something—he’d keep the argument going all night. Not what Hugh was in the mood for.
But the thought of going out—especially without Aubrey—wasn’t appealing.
“Stop it. Stop it right now,” Quinn snapped.
Rage started to slowly build inside of Hugh. It wasn’t often he shared his personal life with his family. Primarily because he didn’t have much of one. But right now he really resented the fact his brother was talking like this about Aubrey.
Hugh guessed he could understand. It didn’t fully make sense to him either. He’d never felt like this before and no matter how much he analyzed it, there weren’t any clear answers or explanations. All he knew was he and Aubrey simply fit.
Thank you so much for having me here today and sharing an excerpt from Love Walks In!!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.223722
Retrieved Text: Aubrey went to her BFF's 7th birthday party on Friday and in the goodie bags was some nail polish and other girly things. Aubrey asked if she could paint her toenails. I told her that we could do it after Austin & Ally were in bed.
She asked if she could do it herself while I put Austin to bed. She knows that can take awhile. I said of course and headed to put brother to bed. I came out and we giggled about her stuffing her toes in the toe separator. She asked if she had to keep them in there because it hurts. We definitely didn't need to keep them in there.
I looked down at her foot and it was messy but it was perfect. I know she could see me looking and she smiled up at me, so proud. But she did ask if I would paint her other toes.
I sat down and put the pink polish on her nails. We talked and giggled and it was different than the other times I had painted her nails. We were having a total girly bonding time. It was so special.
I finished up and she looked down at her feet and smiled and said people are going to know which one Mommy painted. I told her not to worry, we could clean up those smudges.
I feel like I end all my posts about my kids about how fast they are growing up but really they are growing up to fast! We just had a total girly

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.220076
Retrieved Text: PLAYING Exes At Odds: Is Their 4-Year-Old Identifying As A Boy Or Girl?
Exes At Odds: Is Their 4-Year-Old Identifying As A Boy Or Girl?
Michelle and Kyle’s baby, Aubrey, was born intersex, with ambiguous genitalia and chromosomes indicating that she was 70 percent more male than female. But in consultation with Aubrey’s doctors, Michelle and Kyle decided on surgery to have Aubrey be female, the birth certificate indicates that Aubrey is a female, and for the first three years of Aubrey’s life, her parents raised her as a girl.
Now divorced and with shared custody of Aubrey, who’s 4, the exes are at odds over which gender Aubrey identifies with and how they should raise her.
But Kyle says Aubrey prefers girl toys, girl clothes, and her pink Hello Kitty bedding. “When Aubrey is with me, Aubrey likes to act like a girl,” he says. “Michelle needs to take a look at that birth certificate and see that Aubrey is female. She shouldn’t be trying to change that,” says Kyle, who is remarried to a woman named Brittany, who wrote in to Dr. Phil for help.
How can this child thrive when the parents, Dr. Phil believes, are each running their own agenda? Watch more here.
Mama's Little Boy or Daddy's Little Girl: Identity Confusion or Brainwashing?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.209799
Retrieved Text: Several months ago terrorists began to attack military and civilian targets in the United States. The government figured out that the culprits were Lambdas, teenagers who, due to a viral infection, now had superhuman abilities. Federal and state officials then rounded up every teen under the age of twenty and put them into detention camps. All the teens were tested to find out which of them were infected with the virus and which of them had abilities that could make them a threat to national security.
Aubrey and Jack are two of these teens, and they decided that they would rather serve their country than be locked up for who knows how long. Not long ago Aubrey, with her ability to disappear, and Jack, who is super sensitive to smells, sights, taste, and touch, helped to quash a terrorist attack. Now they are training with the military to defeat a much bigger enemy. The Russians have invaded Alaska and they are now in Washington State where they are forcing all the residents to leave.
The Russians have been able to achieve this remarkable feat because they have a weapon that is able to shut down any device that runs on electricity. Ships at sea, planes in the air, vehicles on the ground all grind to a halt (or fall out of the sky) when the device is engaged, and the Americans are scrambling to find out what the weapon is and how to stop it.
The powers that be have decided that Jack, Aubrey and some other teens with

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.131063
Retrieved Text: A specially commissioned piece to celebrate the debut performance of H@ndles.
You enter the building fifteen minutes early so that you look eager, your hair is unnaturally trimmed and you found that tie you own. You get in the lift and ride it to the fourth floor. When the doors open, you find yourself in a shabbier office that you thought you would.
There’s a woman sat behind the reception desk smoking, she looks like she slept there. She looks like she always sleeps there.
She doesn’t reply. Instead she points her cigarette in the direction of a door and nods. You go through the doors.
Another woman greets you when you enter the room. You barely have enough time to look around and only get a brief eyeful of the place. There are several people dotted about the room at desks, typing away. No-one is talking to each other. The woman looks friendly enough though, she has the kind of hair that makes you think she’s about to describe herself as ‘crazy’.
She leads you to a terminal and you sit down.
You look at the screen in front of you. You are logged in to Twitter. Above you, a little sign hangs from the ceiling saying ‘@Lord_Sugar’. Alan Sugar’s face is the profile picture.
You look around for some more advice, but the woman has gone. The man sat next to you has a sign above him saying @MrDDyer. He doesn’t respond to your waving.
When you click into the box to write a new tweet, the emptiness is tantilising. You feel

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.090878
Retrieved Text: It happened a year ago this month on a blue-sky day filled with false promise of perfection. Aubrey Jensen, 17, and her 14-year-old sister, Alexa, were at a church retreat.
Alexa, a strong swimmer who medaled in the sport in Special Olympics, was in the water. Then — she was gone. And in the minutes that followed, as the terror of what could happen collided with the tragedy of reality, Aubrey felt her heart break.
She and Alexa had a bond: Alexa was a special-needs child with brain damage; Aubrey was the protective big sister who went out of her way to include her little sister.
Count among them her relationship with 10-year-old Gabby Warnock, a fourth-grader at Apollo Elementary in the Issaquah School District. Aubrey, now 18, is a senior at Issaquah High School. Bright, articulate and accomplished, she has a near-perfect 3.95 grade-point average and eight varsity letters. She was a guard on the school basketball team, which finished fifth in the state this year, and a setter on the school’s volleyball team, which also finished fifth in state.
Aubrey was one of six students who helped found a chapter of Athletes For Kids at Issaquah High. The Sammamish-based non-profit, founded in 2001 at Skyline High School, matches children with special needs with high school athletes willing to volunteer as role models and mentors. The program has nearly 100 mentor-athlete volunteers in six Eastside schools.
Three years ago, Aubrey was matched with Gabby, who struggles in school with reading.
Cynthia Warnock, Gabby’s mom, says Aubrey’s impact on Gabby is obvious.
This

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.082815
Retrieved Text: Yes You Can – Chunk It!
I can remember it like yesterday. The first game that I was a pitcher in Little League Baseball. Coach Ricci selected me in the draft of the Exeter Little League program in North Kingstown, Rhose Island.
I loved baseball. Every night, when Dad came home, the first thing I asked him was, “Hey Dad, wanna pitch a few?” Dad had convinced me that I could pitch. He worked on my control, night after night and I loved it. When the big day came, Coach Ricci told me the exact opposite of what Dad told me. Coach said, “Chuck, get out there and throw as hard as you can! Don’t worry about where it goes. Just chunk it as hard as you can.” As a kid, that was a bit confusing. I went with chunk it as hard as you can!
My buddy was on the opposing team, and as a little boy, this felt like the World Series. Top of the first inning – I struck out the side. My buddy’s daddy kept shouting at me to slow down. He said that I was pitching too fast. I had no idea what he meant. I didn’t know that he meant I was catching and throwing the ball to quickly between pitches. I thought he meant that I was throwing too hard. As a result, I kept trying to throw it harder. After all, they were the enemy that night! And, let’s face it, baseball parents can be a bit obnoxious.
I often remember that

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.058624
Retrieved Text: NPR's Allison Aubrey has more.
ALLISON AUBREY: So what did you have for breakfast here this morning?
M: Coffee and a scone.
M: Coffee and a croissant.
AUBREY: Oh, that's a good breakfast.
AUBREY: What is it, actually?
M: It's like bacon, egg and cheese in like, a bread roll.
AUBREY: With a few layers of sausage thrown in, too.
M: Yeah, it's probably going to cut a couple years off my life. But I mean, it's really good, so I'm enjoying myself right now. You should get one, actually.
AUBREY: Beegah says he usually does not eat this way. At home, he wouldn't think of loading up on triple portions of fatty foods for breakfast. But traveling, being on the go - it turns out Beegah's brain is processing food differently than if he were having a quiet meal in his own kitchen. The sensory overload can really throw off judgment, or inure us to the sensation of feeling full. Scientists are just beginning to understand how this disruption works.
LUDDEN: I think there are lots of factors that come together to ultimately influence how much we eat.
AUBREY: Higgs recently measured the differences between people who ate their lunch mindfully - paying attention to each bite of food - compared to people who watched TV or worked on their computers while eating.
LUDDEN: When people are distracted from their lunch, we find that given the opportunity later in the day to consume cookies, they actually eat more cookies than if they weren't distracted when they ate their lunch.
M: We also, though, found an intriguing link between

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.035782
Retrieved Text: I have had the last 2 days off and I think I have enjoyed them so much. Aubrey is just such a little girl...not even a baby anymore.When did she grow up? Where did my little crawling girl go? My little wobbly walker. My little girl. I can't believe it. She is talking in "sentences" When did this happen? We went to a MOPS meeting today and I told her we were going to church. She said Aubo go to church. (that's what she calls herself) On our drive to church we pass 2 billboards, one of a $5 subway , and the other of a watch - She knows what order we see these and associates them with going to church. We have barely pulled out of the driveway and she says "Aubo's 5 (that's what we call the Subway sign) Aubo's watch" She just amazes more and more everyday! She is a little talker. She will just sit and play and just talk away! Today we walked to get the mail and I sneezed and she said "bless you mommy" in her little voice.
One more week left @ work. I have finally decided not to say that I will be unemployed but I will become a full time mom. A stay a home mom until I find something that will work out for my family's situation. Conrad started full time this week at Carmax YAY!! God has really watched out for us and I know the He will continue to provide for us. God

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.932865
Retrieved Text: Manufacturing Institute and National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) announced May 9th their partnership called Get Skills to Work to encourage transitioning military personnel and recent veterans to look at careers in manufacturing.
Recent veterans have a demonstrated ability to work in teams and perform under pressure.
They understand that showing up on time is important.
They have experience acquiring data and acting on it.
They have demonstrated their ability to follow directions, respond appropriately to challenges, and work well with others.
In many cases, their lives and the lives of their comrades depended on it.
Team experience is relevant experience.
Our fivesome finished 6 under par.
Who invited the guy in the pink shirt?
With me on it! Yes it was a scramble. Yes I was charitably given a 40 handicap. Uhh-huh, I’m the guy in the pink shirt.
My fellow golfers were better at driving. Chipping. Putting. Drinking. Especially drinking! But that’s okay. We used a couple of my drives.
My goal from the back tees, was to put the ball in the air farther than the front tees. I often succeeded. And a couple of times, I really succeeded. Those shots were celebrated. I no longer felt like I wasn’t contributing. And we used one or two of them.
My goal, on the chip shots, was to follow through, and keep my head down. A couple times it worked. We actually used some of my chips. I felt like I was part of the team.
On putts, I was usually the first or second guy to putt. Why not use my putt as “sacrifice” to the G-d

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.864971
Retrieved Text: I guess this is still going to run it's course, with Dawn Richards recently laying into member Aubrey O'Day during a recent radio interview.
"Honestly, real talk, she cool, I don't like it when people go in like that and try to pit us against each other" said Richards "Me and her [Aubrey] used to be mad cool, real talk, but this is the reality, I think we're all different personalities and you have to be a certain type of person to wanna deal with that, because if you like drama then that's your person you hang with, but I don't like drama so we didn't click long enough to hang."
Dawn then continued her rant, stating that she felt Aubrey lost the group money by cancelling shows.
"My thing is I like to be part of a business, if you're a part of a brand [then] I like to keep the brand good, ya feel me? I felt like I had other mouths to feed so I would never mess up Shannon's mouth, Aubrey's mouth, D Wood's mouth, and when you start messin' up my money and my home then I have a problem, that was my issue with Aubrey."
"It had nothing to do with her personality, who she is, she's a talented girl, but when you're missin' shows and fans are paying for you and you're the star of the group, I knew it and I was cool with it I was riding the ticket you know, but when you're the star and you don't show up

================



======= Instance Index 28 =========
Input Text: Context: Kendall frightened the dogs away by yelling and waving their hands.

Question: Why did Kendall do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: mad the dogs friends

B: protect their children

C: see the dogs

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.301434
Retrieved Text: According to the Bergen Country Department of Health Services, there are steps dog owners can take to reduce the risk that a dog will bite.
Dog bites are a very common source of claims under homeowners’ insurance policies.However, not all policies cover such claims, and some policies may exclude certain breeds of dogs.
Thus, a dog bite may not only be traumatic for the victim but expensive for the dog owners.
Dog owners should never tease a dog or allow others to do so.
Dogs should not be disturbed when sleeping.
Dogs should not be disturbed when eating or gnawing on a bone.
Dogs don’t understand being punished for bad behavior but love praise for good behavior.
An angry dog will bark and look right at you.A frightened dog will tuck its tail between its legs and/or put its ears back.In neither case is the dog inviting you to be friendly, so offering your hand may cause the dog to bite.
Yelling, moving, or making eye contact with an angry or frightened dog may lead to an attack.
If a dog does attack, the best strategy is to curl up in a ball and use your hands to protect your face.
If you or a family member has been the victim of a serious dog bite injury in Bergen County, it’s important to contact an experienced dog bite attorney.
You may be able to recover for your pain and suffering as well as your medical expenses and time lost from work. However, if you wait too long you may lose your right to sue.
The Law Offices of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.08112
Retrieved Text: Here's a column about how to prevent confrontation with an aggressive dog, but the advice goes against what I've heard in other places. Opinions?
"Standing still and put your hands in pockets because they like to get hold of something," says Madeleine Forsyth, a veterinary surgeon and non-practising barrister based in York. "A waving arm is an obvious target."
Avoid eye contact because it is confrontational and it is always unwise to turn your back, says Miss Forsyth, so standing sideways and looking slightly away is advisable.
I've seen aggressive dogs back down when confronted with yelling and waving arms, and I've also seen them calm down when you ignore them. So what's the right answer?
If a dog does bite, do not pull away because that will tear the flesh, she says, but shout for help.
"Hope there is someone with a breaking stick to introduce between the jaws.
"Anything will do that can be slid between the teeth at the side, but given the strength of the jaw and the leverage, it would have to be a very powerful bit of stick or it will just break."
Rather than just hoping for a stick, wouldn't it be good to gouge the dog in the eye or punch it in the nose? I've also heard that scraping the top of the inside of the dog's mouth with your fingernails will bring good results. A knife to the neck or gut would probably also be helpful.
\"Standing still and put your hands in pockets because they like to get hold of something,\" says Madeleine

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.9013
Retrieved Text: If you have chosen the route of adopting a pet from a shelter, you are likely to need these tips for how to train a rescue dog that was abused. Sadly, many dogs you find for adoption at your local animal shelters have come from homes or situations where they were abused. These same dogs will likely need to be house trained or obedience trained. This can bring about a lot of problems that need to be addressed. We hope these tips can make this transition much easier on you, your pet and your family.
Find Out About Their History: If possible, find out more about the dogs history and how they were abused. While this is not always something you can do, if possible it will help you to understand what might be a trigger for them. Avoiding similar situations, noises, etc. will help them to learn to trust you.
Avoid Loud Voices & Noises: Most often yelling and/or loud noises and actions are a part of an abused pets history. While you want to be firm in instruction, avoid yelling. There is a big difference between being firm with commands and being harsh or yelling. Always keep an even tone that is firm without being frightening to them.
Avoid Sudden Movements: If a dog has been beaten in the past, sudden movements or the raising of hands can be very traumatic. If they associate sudden movements with pain, you will see them fight back or cower in fear. Be calculated in your movements. Be sure, steady and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.13998
Retrieved Text: I’m always saying this and it’s never not true: dogs are not humans. Yes, I know, it’s incredibly easy to forget this fact. I mean, it’s not that we forget they’re dogs, but we constantly forget that our body language and behaviors can have an entirely different meaning in canine language.
Fortunately, you can learn to “speak dog.” A good starting place is to understand what we do that makes our dogs feel anxious. In particular, you’ll communicate the right message by staying clear of these five actions that make dogs nervous.
A frightened animal can be unpredictable. If they feel threatened enough, they will instinctively choose to flee the situation or to defend themselves by fighting. Unfortunately, in our human-centric world, you are most likely to meet a frightened dog while he is tethered via leash to a person or object.
A calming signal communicates to the dog that you are no threat.
Staring him down—looking directly in his eyes—is likely to be perceived as a challenge. If the dog can’t flee…well, you get the picture. Instead, lower your body to the dog’s level and look away from him.
This is what’s known as a “calming signal,” which communicates to the dog that you are no threat.
Yes, I know this one is a bitter pill to swallow, but the evidence is hard to dispute. A 2016 study conducted by Dr. Stanley Coren concluded that 82% of dogs displayed signs of stress when hugged. Only 8% of the dogs in the study suggested in any way that they enjoyed the hug:

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.744436
Retrieved Text: As residential development expands, suburban areas become more urban and new suburban areas take over wildlife habitat. More and more of us are living in wildlife areas and encountering wild animals. And many of those wild animals have adapted their lifestyles to ours.
Often people live with coyotes nearby and never see them, knowing they are near only when they hear the animal's occasional night choruses.
Feeding coyotes (or other wild animals) teaches them to come to the humans for food, which is a bad idea. Don't attract wild animals by leaving pet food or water outside. If you compost, use enclosed bins and never include meat or fish scraps. Regularly rake areas around bird feeders and keep trash in high-quality containers with tight-fitting lids. For good measure, don't place the cans outside until the morning of collection.
Although small rodents comprise a large portion of their diet, coyotes may prey upon cats and small dogs. You can protect your pets by not letting them outdoors unattended, especially at night. Cats in particular should be kept indoors for protection against a whole host of threats including cars, dogs, diseases and other sources of harm which may also include coyotes.
Poultry or hobby livestock can be protected from coyotes with fencing (both structural and electric) and by housing the animals in indoor enclosures each evening. Fences should be at least six feet high with “apron” of at least 18” at ground level, since coyotes are good diggers.
To deter coyotes, you can teach them to stay away by using “hazing”techniques such as

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.483679
Retrieved Text: This kind of hazing isn’t a frat thing. Actually, authorities want you to do it — to coyotes.
Madison/Dane County Public Health on Wednesday released an instructional video on how to haze a coyote. Hazing in this case means to scare away the animals, which have been become a little too comfortable in some Madison neighborhoods, especially on the east side where they have snatched up a number of small dogs.
The three-minute video features a spirited performance by former Madison City Council member and east-side resident Lauren Cnare, who demonstrates various coyote-hazing techniques like waving arms, yelling, throwing sticks and squirting a hose at the intruding animal.
Drake cautions, however, to throw objects in the direction of the coyote, not at the animal. You might also try shaking a soda can with pennies or blow a whistle.
“Using these methods should create fear of humans in coyotes and they should leave the area,” he says.
He also suggests that if you have a small dog to pick it up. If you have a larger dog, secure it with a leash. Also, refrain from hazing if the coyote is injured, sick or with pups.
The city doesn’t just want you to haze the animals. It wants you to get everyone else to haze them, too.
WODCW Featured Image is of a coyote in New York City.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.197292
Retrieved Text: Discipler. Entrepreneur. Risk Taker. Life long Explorer. Loves Dogs.
Kendall loves the process of restoration. He is passionate about bringing purpose out of potential and loves to have the “I see in you” conversation with people. Kendall is a passionate man to say the least and loves to have conversations that stretch him. Kendall has had the privilege to travel to many different parts of the country and about 10 different countries studying business and church planting. He desires to be able to use his success in business to turn back around and bless Churches and ministries. Kendall believes that the church and business go hand in hand and should be desired by each other. They find Evangelism purpose in one another.
Kendall was born and raised in the great state of Texas, and has since moved to Lexington, Kentucky with his wife Katy McKee to get a Masters of Divinity and Church planting. He is co-founder of The Foundry Network, a collective that has a mission of discipling and coaching people through the first steps of entrepreneurship and small business owning. As an Entrepreneur, Kendall has his hands in a few things. He is a founder of a small iPhone repair business, and is CEO of Lex Tex Hats. He is a man of many ideas and loves throwing things at the wall and see what sticks. Kendall loves to say that he is “Called to Adventure” and believes that we should live into James 1:2- 27.
Kendall joins Zach Meerkreebs (Stay Forth Coach) in planting New City

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.195354
Retrieved Text: We all identify with a wagging tail. However, there are other ways to know that your dog is content. Bright eyes are a sign of contentment, as are relaxed lips.
The frightened dog will appear to make itself as small as possible. This is so that the aggressor will think the dog is already beaten and does not offer a threat. Frightened dogs may seem to act like a puppy by crouching and cowering, and this is because instinctively dogs do not like to attack young dogs.
Frightened dogs may also flatten its ears away from danger and put its tail between its legs. This also covers the scent glands, masking its identity. The dog may also roll onto its back to demonstrate that it is not capable of threatening behavior. The eyes of a frightened dog will be wide enough to show the white and will have dilated pupils. Submissive behavior includes actions that a young dog may use to seek attention from its mother, such as licking your face and jumping or reaching up to you.
If a fight resulted from every meeting of two confident dogs, then many pack members would risk injury, therefore risking the health of the entire family. Instead, dogs will try to demonstrate their superiority by other means. Aggressive dogs will approach confidently with the head held high and the hair on the spine erect so as to make him appear larger.
His ears will point forward and the tail will be pointing up. This is the opposite of the submissive dog in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.046
Retrieved Text: Recently, I received a call from a client whose dogs had become ‘problem barkers.’ This was a relatively new client, but being their pet sitter, I had only visited the dogs while the family was away. They seemed very well behaved during the time we spent together. In fact, I had never even heard these dogs bark before. I am their dog walker, so I know for a fact, they receive a great amount of daily exercise. Obviously, I scheduled a visit to come over and see what was going on while I wasn’t around. The dogs are two young pomeranians. Which are known to be temperamental, headstrong, and can be somewhat possessive. But we can never take dogs for granted. Each dog is a product of its environment, and these traits are learned. So I needed to see exactly what was going on.
When I arrived, I could hear the dogs barking wildly as I rang the doorbell. I could already tell their mom was correct in the way she described their behavior.
After entering the home, the dogs immediately recognized me and greeted me with puppy kisses and waggly tails. Of course they did. I’m their pet sitter. They know when they see me they are going to get plenty of playtime and affection.
I then took the dogs outside to see what else might be contributing to this barking. Outside I could hear a blaring television set on the patio. I could also hear the parents shouting to each other from room to room. Not fighting

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.591291
Retrieved Text: Coachella's back. You know what this means — expect to see sunset selfies, braided bonanzas and people so high on life that they're waving their hands in the air like they just don't care. Headliners this year include Beyoncé (or #Beychella, as the Internet has called her), the Weeknd and Eminem, while debuts such as Cardi B and Japanese rock group X Japan are keeping us on our toes. Weekend one often sees the celebrity pack making their way down to Indio as well, attending parties thrown by the likes of Rihanna, Rita Ora and brands like Belvedere Vodka, PUMA, Urban Decay and H&M.
Festival favourites who descend on this annual get-together of desert darlings include Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro, while other models such as Kendall Jenner and Emily Ratajkowski bless Coachella with their nonchalant, pouty-lipped selves. We're getting major inspo from Esla Hosk's pink tresses, as well as Zoey Deutch's all-red, Chinese New Year-vibing get-up. Check out Coachella's live stream on the link below.
Coachella runs till 15 April and 20 to 22 April.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.44518
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner has had to yell at a female paparazzo not to touch her after she was knocked around while trying leave a restaurant.
Kendall and BFF Gigi Hadid were spotted outside celeb host spot The Nice Guy in L.A. over the weekend and as usual, they got caught up in some crazy paparazzi scrum.
Kendall Jenner ... Here's the Drill ... Don't Touch Me!!!
As the supermodels were trying to get into their car, their driver pushed the photographer who was almost blocking the door and she shoved him back, yelling "don't touch me!"
But as she did so, she knocked Kendall as well, who also screamed "don't touch me!" The pap yelled back, "tell him, don’t touch me!" YIKES!
Interestingly, younger sis Kylie Jenner found herself in a similar sitch just over a week ago when she told off a fan who grabbed onto her.
Everybody just needs to calm down a bit, they're still human y'know!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.023903
Retrieved Text: Some people like to yell, and some dogs have a way that would make almost anyone want to yell. Sometimes dogs chew up new shoes, bark until after midnight, go to the bathroom in the house, etc. Sometimes yelling may even provide short term relief, but we would like to make it clear, here and now, that yelling at your dog will not fix a problem or engender any type of positive reinforcement.
How can we be so sure that yelling at your dog is never more than a temporary quick fix, and that he'll inevitably return to the behavior that angered you in the first place? A better question would have been wondering how yelling ever would or could work. The answers lie in basic dog psychology.
To puppies their owners are just other, higher ranking dogs. When you start yelling at him, it only increases how excited he is, rather than clarifying what you'd like done. This will also generate negative associations in your dogs head that could make him feel unwanted or disliked when you're yelling, which will prevent him from developing the ability to know that what rule he is actually breaking.
A soothing or relaxed tone should be used whenever you want to give praise to your dog. When you communicate like this, you should be able to relax him (as opposed to winding him up). Speaking to your puppy in this tone of voice makes him feel secure as a member of your family – which always leads to better behavior.
The second tone

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.775324
Retrieved Text: Is it Possible to Make a Pet Peace Loving?
Home » Is it Possible to Make a Pet Peace Loving?
Yesterday, the radio had an episode which dealt with efforts to save golden retrievers in an eastern country.
Apparently, some retrievers, which no longer had homes, were wandering in urban areas. When they saw food, they ate. They were frightened away, when more aggressive dogs came by. The retrievers preferred to give up their food, instead of fighting the dogs who wanted to take it from them.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.754402
Retrieved Text: : Well, some people use their imagination.
- In Disney's Beauty and the Beast the huge focus is obviously what is on the inside rather than physical appearance of the characters. In this specific quote, Gaston the stereotypical strong good looking man is the monster and the beast is being defended by his soon to be love, Belle. The main idea of the story is that beauty is only skin deep and the word monster is described not by someone's looks but instead by the way someone acts.
Beast: [pounds on Belle's door yelling] I thought I told you to come down to dinner!
Beast: [yelling to Belle] You'll come out, or I'll-I'll-I'll break down the door!
- The two quotes above show the beginning of the story before the character development of the beast. The quote shows both his anger and inability to interact with others due to his lack of confidence in himself always feeling threatened by others in some way. We eventually learn that throughout the story realizes that Belle will love him not for his appearance but for his gentle and warm loving heart.
Beast: You - You came back.
Belle: No, No Please, Please, Please don't leave me.
Belle: If you hadn't *frightened* me, I wouldn't have run away!
Beast: Well *you* shouldn't have been in the west *wing*!
Cogsworth: Yes, yes, splen - You... what? How could you do that?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.437614
Retrieved Text: the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday weekend. Video posted by WPEC-TV showed several hundred pro-Haiti demonstrators yelling from one side of the street Monday while waving Haitian flags. The Haitians and their supporters shouted “Our country is not a shithole,” referring to comments the president reportedly made. Trump has said that is not the language he used.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.422888
Retrieved Text: We have had some terrible luck with predators this past couple of months. We have lost about 7 hens and 4 ducks. We have 3 predators that frequent our little farm. And all 3 are not welcome here.
A chicken hawk was arriving each day to see who he could pick off. I was on high alert and so were my trusty roosters. I have a rooster in charge of his ladies safety in every coop. Having a rooster is so important. His job is to keep his hens safe and he is always on alert. When he senses danger he makes an alarm sound to get everyone’s attention. When danger is near he goes into full alarm. This sounds is unmistakable. You learn quickly that this sound means get out here NOW! There are times I can be seen running outside in my robe, bare feet, hair a crazy mess and scooping up a handful of rocks on the run. My rooster calls all his ladies to him during emergencies and takes them to their hiding place. It is really interesting to see. His one sounds makes all hens stop scratching for bugs and run straight to him. My roosters have saved many lives from this pesky air attacker.
Coyotes are the sneakiest predator that we have encountered. As soon as they get one chicken they will frequent your property until every last chicken is eaten up. It is important to act quickly. The coyote patrols the area daily usually at the same time and if there

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.283226
Retrieved Text: A woman has been awarded more than €234,000 compensation for dog bite injuries she sustained in a terrifying attack by two powerful boxer dogs.
The unnamed woman was enjoying an evening walk along a rural lane when the attack happened. Two boxer dogs, who had been standing in the driveway of their owner´s home, started to approach her. The woman told them to go home, but they jumped up at her, knocked her to the ground, and started attacking her.
The woman´s first thoughts were to protect her face by covering it with her arms, but the dogs managed to get through her defences – biting her face, head, forearms and body, and causing multiple puncture wounds and lacerations that have now developed into visible and permanent scars.
The attack was stopped by a passing lady motorist, who sounded the horn of her car and frightened the dogs away. The boxer dogs have since been destroyed and their owners admitted liability when the woman made a claim for compensation for dog bite injuries. In order to settle the claim, the case went to the High Court for an assessment of damages.
At the assessment hearing, Mr Justice Anthony Barr was told the details of the attack. The judge also heard evidence from medical experts who attested to her physical and emotional injuries. When the woman gave her evidence, she told the judge who she had been devastated by the change in her appearance and how her young children had been frightened to get close to her.
Judge Barr was shown photographs

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.220526
Retrieved Text: The story of twins, separated at age four and desperately seeking each other at age 11 is told in three novels. KENDALL'S STORM, follows the frightened and lonely boy twin as he travels with his father through many states and finally to the Long Beach Peninsula in southwest Washington. He can only guess why they leave each new home in a hurry, often leaving belongings behind. His father won't tell him. When Kendall rescues a bedraggled puppy he names Storm from a hail storm, he makes a friend to keep him company when his father leaves him alone in strange new places. KYLEAH'S TREE, the companion novel, finds his sister, Kyleah, living in a foster home in faraway Kansas, where she was sent to live with grandparents when her mother died. They kept her briefly before moving into a retirement home and turning her over to the state. Untrusting of adults, she makes herself a loner as she wonders if her father and brother are alive, and if so, why they don't want her. With a chance to run away from the foster home with an older foster brother, she hopes to find out. Instead, through harrowing adventures and narrow escapes, she learns many lessons, including the true meaning of family. In the exciting conclusion, KENDALL AND KYLEAH, each twin's story continues in alternating chapters until their paths eventually cross and they face new challenges together.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.068584
Retrieved Text: No, this is not an article to explain how to teach your dog tricks.
This article is going to teach you tricks to make communicating with your pet (dog or cat) a little easier.
Granted life would be much easier if our dogs or cats understood English as well as we do.
Since that is not going to happen anytime soon, a wise pet owner will learn ways to communicate that pets can understand.
Our pets pick up certain things from just watching us, they are very astute in recognizing things we do without our realizing it.
There are several things that we do that give silent communication to our pets; body language, use of hands, facial and eye expressions are all dead giveaways.
Now add the tone of your voice and your pet can pretty much get an idea of what you are up to.
How many times have you planned on giving your dog a bath and while you never mentioned the “B” word, your dog suddenly disappeared.
From watching you at previous bath times, your dog was able to read the signs and knew what you were up to.
While I will not be able to teach you how to keep bath time a secret, I am going to alert you to things you can do to make communicating with your pet easier.
To begin with, from the moment you walk into the house, your pet can tell what kind of mood you are in.
From the weight of your footsteps on the floor, the expression on your face, your body posture as you

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.780739
Retrieved Text: The Whole Dog Journal is a great source for positive dog training techniques. From puppy training concepts like crate training, sit and walking on a leash to fixing bad habits like barking at the doorbell, jumping up and chewing. Dog tricks, sports, games and agility training too.
There is no golden standard for breaking up a dogfight, but there are as many opinions as there are dog owners. My recommendation is to try a sudden aversive, such as a loud noise near the combatants as a first line of defense. Bang pots and pans or steel water dishes together while yelling. Cease the instant the dogs disengage.
3. Secure both dogs with leashes and assess for damage.
If this doesn’t work, use citronella and, if that doesn’t work, pepper spray. Other people present should be securing all dogs not involved in the fight.
The very last resort to consider is pulling dogs out by their collars or necks. This is because of the significant risk of an accidental or re-directed bite. This risk is even greater if you are without gloves, which offer some protection. Many of the worst bites are sustained putting hands into fights.
For more information on ways to separate aggressive dogs as well as ways to use behavior modification to retrain an aggressive dog, purchase Jean Donaldson’s FIGHT, A Practical Guide to Dog-Dog-Aggression.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.597618
Retrieved Text: Our first theory is based on the town of Savannakhet. It’s a little town in the south, not of too much interest (although there are some nice colonial houses to be seen and we had the luck to see the first-hand production of some Buddhas, which was especially nice because we got some “insight explanations” from a few English-speaking monks) but that is definitely worth a stop to meet its friendly people and laid-back atmosphere. And we think they are actually so friendly and happy to see us, because they don’t get to see a lot of foreigners.
As an example, let’s have a look at the kids’ behavior. Now we are used to children yelling “Sabaidi! Sabaidi!” (Hello! Hello!) from very far and waving their hands, but in Savannakhet they go one step further: not only would they greet by yelling and screaming, but they would run to us and shake our hands (like falang do which is of course “very cool” . So sometimes we were taken hostage for about 5 minutes by a group of kids, because we had to shake everybody’s hands at least once (more if possible!).
We think it is not very difficult to be happy and friendly in Laos and there are a lot of reasons to be smiling all the time.
This entry was written by Vera and posted on February 11, 2008 at 13:02 and filed under Laos, World Trip. Bookmark the permalink. Follow any comments here with the RSS feed for this post. Both comments and trackbacks are currently

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.583118
Retrieved Text: Kids say the darnedest things, don't they? Now, thanks to a new Twitter thread posted by writer Mikki Kendall, we can read what's really_on their minds. Fair warning: It's not all rainbows and unicorns — in fact, some kids blurt out things that are downright bizarre.
Earlier this week, Kendall posted the following question: "People who interact with kids, what is the single weirdest/creepiest thing a kid has ever said to you?"
Without further ado, here are a few of the strangest responses to that thread.
1. "There's a baby in there."
2. "I like you the best."
3. "He's waving at me!"
4. "I don't know how you do it."
Walked in on my lass turning all of her stuffed animals around. Wyd?
5. "Do you smell it?"
Those are just the start of what has now turned into a very, very long Twitter thread that's definitely worth a read if you have some free time. Now, it's your turn: What's the craziest thing your kid's ever said?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.13644
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner & Ben Simmons Are Reportedly Living Together In L.A.
Kendall Jenner and her new boyfriend Ben Simmons are reportedly living together in a lavish rental home in L.A. this summer.
According to a June 28 report by TMZ, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons have both been spotted coming in and out of the $25,000 per month home in recent weeks.
Sources are telling the outlet that it is currently unclear whose name is on the lease, but that the term of the lease is for “several months.” The home is said to have five bedrooms and six bathrooms, and a swimming pool. The house is located near the Grove and Fairfax area, which is a good explanation as to why Jenner and Simmons have been spotted out together so often.
The site also claims that Kendall Jenner recently purchased Charlie Sheen’s former Beverly Hills home, but that she is currently remodeling the house to better fit her needs and style. The L.A. rental house could be where Kendall is staying while she waits for her permanent home to be done, and Ben Simmons may be crashing with her until he’s ready to get back to Philadelphia to rejoin the 76ers for the upcoming NBA season. Last week, Ben took home the Rookie of The Year award for his performance in the 2017-2018 season.
As previously reported by the Inquisitr, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons have been spotted out together multiple times in recent weeks. The couple was spotted grocery shopping together earlier this month, and even hit up the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.131435
Retrieved Text: For most Americans, July 4 means parades, parties, potato salad, and patriotism. But America’s birthday means something quite different to animal shelters across the country.
While you’re out shooting off bottle rockets and capping off celebrations at a firework show, shelter intake centers and city animal control officers are prepping for July 5 — what is annually the busiest day of the year for shelter intakes.
Donna Reynolds, director of the Bad Rap Pit Bull Terrier advocacy group based in Oakland, Calif., explains that dogs are often so terrified of fireworks that they run away from home.
Riverside County Animal Services in Riverside, California reports that the Independence Day holiday yields some pretty grim statistics for their department. By their calculations, which include Independence Day, the two days before and two days after the holiday, the department took in a whopping 2,088 dogs — both alive and, tragically, dead.
On July 5, 2011, officers recovered 168 dead dogs from roadways in their city. They speculate that the dogs, frightened by loud fireworks and firecrackers, escaped from homes and backyards and onto busy streets.
The average number of intakes for Riverside County Animal Services during the Fourth of July holiday is 2,080 impounds.
Hayward Animal Services shelter Administrator Jennie Comstock says that the high number of intakes at their shelter forces the organization to seek help from rescue groups and local SPCA chapters. She explains that July 5, 2011 was a record year for intakes.
“Last year, we got twice as many animals coming in on July 5 as we did the day before,”

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.12367
Retrieved Text: Dog attacks can leave lasting physical and emotional scars. Even still, many people avoid pursuing a personal injury claim, either because they don't know how or they don't want to "sue" a family member or friend. They also might not be aware of what steps to take if attacked.
At the Law Offices of Michael R. Kaiser, we help individuals in Palm Springs and through the Coachella Valley, the High Desert and Riverside, Imperial and San Bernardino counties seek compensation for dog bite attacks. Our lawyers can help you take the appropriate steps to recover full and fair compensation for your injuries and the trauma your family has endured.
Get the owner's info, if you can — California has strict liability laws for dog owners. You can make a claim for compensation against a dog owner's homeowners insurance policy. Get the name, address, phone number and policy number (if possible) from the dog's owner. You should also ask about the dog's vaccination history.
Seek medical attention — Obviously, seek medical attention right away, even if the dog didn't do much damage. If dogs haven't been properly vaccinated, your doctor will need to know so he or she can start preventative treatment for rabies.
Contact our firm for help — Most pet owners are just as devastated as you are about a sudden animal attack, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't seek compensation for your injuries. Dog bite attacks can cause disfiguring injuries and leave emotional scars that last long after the physical injuries have healed. We will uphold your right

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.118681
Retrieved Text: JAPANKURU: # Theme park ♪ Riding cute capybara taxi to Nasu Animal Kingdom! Getting closer to animals in the lighting blue sea at night!
# Theme park ♪ Riding cute capybara taxi to Nasu Animal Kingdom! Getting closer to animals in the lighting blue sea at night!
Continuing our journey to Nasu in early autumn!!!
You know what in Nasu Animal Kingdom, beautiful illumination and night activities are ready!
Of course, we wouldn't miss them!
we gonna meet many of our old friends?!
Like capybara, penguins, dogs, and others.
Oh!!!! New friends~ little red panda!
Okay!!! Follow us to get impressed in Nasu Animal Kingdom.
If you visit Animal Kingdom in the morning, please go out once and come back in the evening!
※ Illumination is not included in the annual pass.
Our transportation this time is??
Oh! New toy in Nasu!
It is named Capybara Taxi.
It is available until July 2016.
Let's make a reservation at the hotel counter!
# Let's go with this fancy capybara taxi!
# Let's go!! ~ capybara !!
What a remarkable natural scenery!
# Arriving in just 30 minutes!
you can make a reservation of the capybara taxi at Hotel Epinard Nasu!
Limited to one hour if many guests are waiting!
# ALL YOU CAN EAT!!!
Oh!!! It will turn shiny blue at night then!!
# Little red pandas like to eat apples!
they do various training like standing, and waving hands.
# Newly born three new red pandas since 2015/6/29 !!
You can go to see them now from 2015/9/18!
then it will come and grab the coin by its mouth.
in return, hand you back a small paper!!
there is dog rental service here in Nasu Animal

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.054083
Retrieved Text: There is rarely a good reason for a dog biting a child, but learning the mindset, from the animals' point of view, may be helpful in evading aggressive animals. Here are some stats from a well-known university, which were based over a three-year period.
Of all K9 bites on children under four years of age, most were bitten in early May. Sixty percent were bitten on the head, neck and face, 90 percent were bitten in their own home, 40% were attacked by their own dog and 60 percent of the dogs had never bitten before.
Of all K9 bites on children over four years of age but less then 17 years old, most were bitten in early July. Eighteen percent were bitten on the head, neck and face, 38 percent were bitten in their own home, 18% were attacked by their own dog and 50 percent of the dogs had never bitten before.
All dogs are capable of biting, but the majority wont if you act accordingly.
Be sure to pay attention to the body language of a dog. If a dog has an aggressive demeanor do not approach it. Often you can tell an aggressive dog but the following signs: Ears are stiff, body is tense, tall is high.
Dogs that have assumed either a defensive or offensive threat posture frequently have a "critical zone". A child is safe around this zone until entering the imaginary circle the dog has projected. The problem is that this zone varies between dogs and can even be different for the same dog

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.022577
Retrieved Text: Dog owners are being warned to keep on eye on there dogs over the 4th of July holiday due to a huge influx of dogs ending up in animal shelter after running away while being scared from fireworks. Each year come 5th of July animal shelters are full of dogs that have run away when they are frightened by the sound of fireworks.
This doesn't mean that you need to sound prove your house, but it does mean that you should be wary of where your dog is and that they are more likely to escape while fireworks do go off. So if your dog is usually outside and you think there is a chance they can jump the fence or get out, even if they usually don't, then you would be best off keeping them inside that night. Other then this I hope everyone has a great 4th of July!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.94601
Retrieved Text: Thinking about bringing home a rescue dog?
It is fantastic that so many people decide to give a home to a dog from a rescue centre or one of the many dog and cat shelters.
BUT…. do you know a high percentage of these dogs are returned within the first few days/weeks.
Your new dog is very likely feeling confused and anxious about his/her situation. Dogs like routine and order in their lives and when this disappears for whatever reason many dogs become frightened and it is this fear which almost always causes dogs to act out of character. If a dog is frightened its ears will flatten to its head ,its tail will go between its ,legs, sometimes it will growl and occasionally even snap.
This does not mean it is a bad or difficult dog …just a mixed up and scared one!
If you follow these simple tips hopefully your dog will settle well and permanently into your home.
1. Do not over handle or crowd your new dog for the first few days.
Take your time and give your dog a period of adjustment to its new environment.
2. Try very hard not to overhandle (overpet) your dog for the first few days as this can frighten some dogs, especially the ones with a more nervous or timid temperament. Hard as it may seem it will really help your dog relax if you and any visitors completely ignore your dog when it is looking for attention……wait until it has calmed down and then call it over for petting. Do this for

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.92869
Retrieved Text: On past episodes of her family's reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Kendall Jenner has voiced her concern and fears of stalkers. The model has suffered emotional abuse at the hands of a stalker in the past. Court documents obtained by Daily Mail show that a 62-year-old man by the name of Thomas Hummel had been stalking Kendall for months sending her alarming letters. In one letter he writes that Kendall has been in love with him since she the tender age of two, claiming that they met in the post office in 2008, and at Costco in 1998. In another, Hummel states that Kendall is an "internet w**re', who is 'cackling her way through life" says "[her] behavior puerile and self-centered."
Kendall was able to get a restraining order against Hummel, but unfortunately, it seems her stalker related troubles are far from over. 37-year-old Canadian citizen John Ford has continued to pursue Kendall despite being charged with trespassing in Kendall's gated community and being ordered to stay 1,000 feet away from it all times. Ford was able to enter Kendall's heavily guarded compound by scaling a mountainside located behind the complex, where the security was apparently non-existent. Ford was reportedly first spotted sitting by Kendall's pool, and then sitting on her porch the next day. Security is said to have been unable to capture Ford and he was able to get away before police arrived on the scene.
TMZ reports that now, security in the gated community has been reinforced, with new guards located along the

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: Context: Jan had always wanted a puppy, but decided to adopt an older shelter dog instead.

Question: How would you describe Jan?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: free-spirited

B: outgoing

C: compassionate

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.63393
Retrieved Text: When most prospective pet owners start looking for a dog, it’s natural that they usually think to look at puppies first. Children come into our lives as babies, so it’s pretty normal to look for a puppy or young dog when you think about adding a pet to your family.
There is another whole class of dogs that needs our attention, though. These are the older dogs that have ended up in shelters. Older dogs find themselves in shelters for a variety of reasons (for example, they might have run away from home but were never claimed), but they still have the capacity to be just as loving as any dog.
In fact, older dogs have benefits that younger ones lack! Since national Adopt a Senior Dog Month is coming up, here are 5 benefits of adopting an older dog.
If you’re having any difficulties with a new dog, there’s a good chance it has to do with housebreaking. Puppies simply haven’t learned yet to wait do their business outside. Older dogs won’t necessarily have that problem. If you adopt an older dog from the shelter, there’s a good chance that his previous owner already trained him. That’s one less hassle that you’ll have to deal with!
One of the biggest challenges for raising a puppy or younger dog is all the energy they have. They are ready and raring to go all the time. It can be tough for owners to deal with this new endless bundle of enthusiasm.
Adopting an older dog means that you have the chance to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.65153
Retrieved Text: I love dogs. All dogs deserve to be loved whether they came from a breeder or a shelter, but there’s definitely something special when you rescue a dog instead of buying one. The story of my dog, Pucci, is one that’s pretty much a miracle and I’d love to share it with you.
I should take a step back and tell you about my dog history to put this into context. When I was younger, my family had a Pomeranian named Yogi. He was given to us by a relative that was a breeder. I didn’t understand the difference between getting a rescue and buying a dog at the time, I loved Yogi all the same. That’s when my love for Pomeranians started.
I always wanted a dog of my own so when I got out of college, I adopted Bear, a black Pom from a NKLA Pet Adoption Fair. He was 10 years old and when I saw him at the fair, I knew he was the one. I had him until he was 15 years old.
While I had Bear, I also had Lilo, a tan toy Pomeranian. Lilo came from an accidental pregnancy. A family had a female Pom and they would sometimes babysit a male Pom, and before you know it – three more were coming. They couldn’t keep them all so they gave them to new homes.
I had Lilo from when she was six months old to when she was 10 years old. When Lilo was six, I decided to volunteer with her as

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.41827
Retrieved Text: The #AdoptDontShop campaign has been hugely successful over the past few years, encouraging animal lovers across the world to adopt from shelters rather than purchasing from breeders. But some people still have reservations about adopting a dog, worrying that they might have some issues from their previous owners or simply preferring to pick a brand new puppy of their own.
But we love dogs of every kind at Snoozer, no matter where they come from! Which is why we’ve put together our list of reasons for loving lovely adopted dogs.
Many dogs in shelters have never experienced loving homes, but that doesn’t mean they aren’t loving creatures themselves. Anyone who’s ever had a dog knows how much love every dog has within them, more love than you ever thought possible, and that’s as true of shelter dogs as any other kind. And because they may have never had a place to put all that love before, you get to have it!
You know a shelter dog can fend for itself. Shelters provide incredible levels of care and attention to their animals, but it’ll never beat the loving care and attention that a dedicated family can provide. So you know that when you adopt a dog, they won’t necessarily be too needy, making them ideal if you too appreciate a bit of independence or have young children who already take up enough of your attention!
Usually when you adopt a pet there will be a small fee, but it generally takes care of any neutering/spaying costs required and any vaccinations. Purchasing

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.50472
Retrieved Text: I love my Lady and am so glad she welcomed me into the pack. I was just a youngin’ at only 6-months-old when I needed a home, but these days, I am pushin’ bein’ a senior WOOF! Since I was adopted years ago, my Lady has also adopted more of us pups into the pack, including a couple senior dogs. Then, of course, Sallie has been with my Lady for years. Well, did y’all know that November was adopt a senior pet month? My Lady says there are many Benefits of Adopting a Senior Dog and we wanted to tell ya ’bout em and discuss how you can fight the effects of aging.
My sister Sallie is gonna see her 14th birthday this month! That seems ancient to me WOOF! She may be old, but she is still goin’ strong. And, gosh darn it – my Lady is always a fawnin’ over how sweet and lovable she is! It makes me down right jealous! Lemme fetch my Lady to tell ya more about why you should consider adopting a senior pet and how to keep em healthy and happy!
I will be the first to admit that puppies, and puppy breath, are amazing and who can resist them?! On the other hand, senior dogs rate right up there with them! There is something to be said about the love of an old dog! Puppies are cute and adorable, but goodness are they a lot of work! An older dog, or especially senior dogs, have many benefits that should

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.36645
Retrieved Text: If you’ve been considering adopting a pet but don’t want to deal with things like house training a puppy, teaching it not to destroy your couch, or keeping up with an 8-week old ball of energy, adopting a senior dog can be a very rewarding thing to do. Adopting an older pet not only takes a dog from a shelter who has likely been there longer than most of the other dogs, but gives them a renewed sense of hope and love, since most of the time, senior dogs end up in shelters when either their owner passes away or their owner decides they can’t emotionally or financially handle the needs of an elderly dog. Choosing to adopt an older pup may have a few “cons,” but it has more than enough “pros” to outweigh them.
Puppies are cute, but dealing with an 8- to 12-week old dog can not only be exhausting, but overwhelming. Many people, shortly after adopting a brand new puppy, may ask themselves if they knew what they were getting into. Puppies need constant attention—they’re small, they chew on everything, they pee everywhere, and unless you’re ready to take on a nearly 24-hour job of paying attention to the new dog, they can cause a lot of trouble. Older dogs still need attention, but they’ve mellowed out. They probably won’t thrash around your apartment, gnawing at the couch and peeing in every corner like a puppy would—instead, they’ll curl up with you on the sofa for a quiet night in.
Older dogs have mostly

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.31603
Retrieved Text: In Chapter Three, I talked about the untimely death of our first Cocker Spaniel Dudley, bitten by a snake on our rural property – Aged 2.
It had been a devastating time as the little fella had endeared himself to us all and so, we made the emotional decision to replace him.
When we brought Ralphie home eighteen months later, the little man literally transformed our lives, for without doubt – he was Dudley Mk2!
Same colouring, markings, disposition and personality. Karlene at Royoni Kennels had been serious about breeding another Dudley -and had the experience and blood-lines to do so.
We could not have been more moved.
Dudley’s adventurous spirit was alive in Ralph, and he retraced many of his paw prints.
As a family, we had decided to return to Sydney and in doing so, spared Ralphie too many opportunities to roam.
He now had the opportunity to become a ‘City Dog;’ learning to walk on a lead, introducing himself to others at the dog park and, discovering all there was to know about coffee at Gloria Jeans.
I know he didn’t understand the boundaries…fences, garden gates, footpaths, ‘don’t go on the road,’ ‘stay,’ ‘sit,’ ‘wait’ -but he was adaptable, and eventually grew into some very massive paws.
Funnily enough, another of Dudley’s traits.
So, you’ve done your homework, and you’re definitely getting a dog.
You can afford to keep a dog, but you’re thinking the cost of a thoroughbred might be a bit too much for you.
Or, you’re just not sure if you want a pedigreed pooch, or a pre-loved-but-now-abandoned soul that needs a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.29409
Retrieved Text: Walter the foster dog may have found a home. And the other night David and I were talking about our next foster. He has got his eyes set on a certain dog. He favors the 18 month range. We have had all ages of foster dogs. We had an 14 week old and Walter is our oldest at 5-ish. As for our own dogs, Chico is going on 15 this year and Poncho will be 5 this year too.
Poncho says " You show me who called you old"
A few weeks ago while Walter was out at an Adoption Event, a kid walked up to him and asked about him. My heart about broke when the mom said Walter was to old and only had a few years left. I really had to bit my lip to keep from saying something. He is 5. Yes for a Dane that is older, but not OLD! I've heard of Danes living to be 12 and 13 years old. And whats wrong with an older dog anyways? He has by far, been the easiest of all our fosters! Why?
The most common question I get is "Are they potty trained?" Yes! Most older dogs are already house trained. No puppy pads and puddles on the floor. So little presents scattered around the house. I find that to be the hardest part about puppies. They are messy little things. Bigger dog, bigger messes. And if they are not trained yet, say because they spent their life chained to a tree outside (just

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.192596
Retrieved Text: 70-year-old woman told she's too old to adopt a dog by Wisconsin rescue group is now mother to a new puppy thanks to help from another agency.
A 70-year-old woman who was told she was too old to adopt a puppy from a Wisconsin rescue became an official dog-mom Wednesday.
Mary Hawe&apos;s husband died three years ago and she recently decided it was time to get a puppy.
When she tried to adopt a one-year-old Yorkie mix from Fluffy Dog Rescue in Hartland, she says they responded to her application saying the rescue has a formula for older applicants and that she would only be able to adopt a dog three years or older.
"They knew nothing about me at all," she said.
"Solely based on her birth date said she could not adopt the dog," said Mary&apos;s daughter Melissa Daddio. "I&apos;m very protective of my mom so I got really angry."
Another Wisconsin company called Fetcha learned about Mary&apos;s story and connected with her on Facebook. Fetcha partners with more than 30 rescues and helps match families with dogs.
They were able to connect with Hoovers Hause All Dog Rescue in Waukesha County, who had the perfect puppy for Mary.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.59243
Retrieved Text: "We'd like to adopt a two-year old female". If we've heard that once, we've heard it a thousand times. And that's ok, two-year old females are very nice. But so are our boys and our older dogs; and by older, we mean middle-aged (around six-years old) and up. By our standards most Setters are considered young if they're four-years of age or less. If you've had a Setter in the past, try to think back and remember their exuberance until they were much older. And let's face it, for some of us, we're not as young as we used to be! Constantly supervising a puppy or a young dog takes a whole lot more energy now than it did when we were fifteen or twenty, or more, years younger.
Older dogs, especially those who have once known it, appreciate love and attention and quickly learn what's expected of them in their new home. Dogs can be trained at any age. The saying, "You can't teach an old dog new tricks", just isn't true.
Most of our older dogs are "easy keepers" and can move right in and be comfortable within a short period of time. They've learned what "no" means and how to leave the furniture, carpets, shoes, and other chewables alone. They've been socialized and learned what it takes to be part of a "pack" and to get along with humans and, in most cases, other dogs, and maybe even cats. Even in cases where some of our older dogs have not had the opportunity to learn

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.22849
Retrieved Text: My first dog was a small brown and white Jack Russell terrier. She was smart, protective, and my constant companion that went everywhere with me. When I had first met my husband, it was my dog’s approval of him that made me look at him as a partner. Walking her kept me healthy and her intelligent antics kept me smiling. When she died of diabetic complications twelve years later, I mourned the loss of my friend. There was a large hole that existed in the air beside my ankles.
Months passed and my husband would ask if I could accept a new dog. I always said no. He persisted. We discussed different breeds: terriers, shelties, shepherds, and poodles. The good qualities and the cons of each breed. Through research, we discovered a breed called an Australian Shepard. Contrary to its name, the breed developed in the United States as a counterpart to the border collie. These shepherds were high energy working dogs that were intelligent companions. I thought that one of these dogs would be a good fit for our family and admitted this to my husband one night over coffee.
My husband scanned the listings at no-kill animal shelters for possible dogs, taking my idle musing for consent. He thought that if he found an adult dog that was already housebroken that I would be happier with an adoption. After all, a puppy is more difficult to come by at the shelters and we did not need the hassle of house training a baby dog.
One day, my

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.892612
Retrieved Text: The Springfield Animal Shelter employee is an employee at the Springfield Animal Shelter.
After Lisa had adopted two cats from the Animal Shelter, both of which died, she and Marge returned to the Animal Shelter. The employee, however, told her that she couldn't adopt any more cats because they would rather take their chances in the back room than go home with her.
When Marge told Lisa that she'd get her a puppy, they went back to the Animal Shelter where the employee told Lisa that it would be cuter to pick a dog without talking to her. Lisa then went back to get another dog who she didn't pick because she wanted a cuter dog. The employee then guilted Lisa into taking home Smiley and Henry the Canary too.
Modified on March 14, 2018, at 11:35.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.847984
Retrieved Text: "The Joy Of A Puppy - The Fun Of An Adult Dog!"
Adopting A Dog Puppy or Adult.
"The choice is yours - both are a great idea. Which one is for you!"
Adopting a dog is an exciting event.
Truly a man's best friend, you can rely on your pet to give you company, companionship and some can even guard your house.
It is a major decision whether or not you choose to have a puppy or an adult as a pet.
Before deciding on which dog to adopt, here is some useful information that might help you decide.
Bringing up a puppy is an advantage because this means that you guide its growth and well being. You have the chance to raise it according to what you want.
This means you can ensure that it is properly nurtured with the right dog food, ensure that necessary vaccinations are given and prevent heartworm at this early stage.
Having your puppy personally trained is also a plus since you can teach him exactly what you want. You should adopt a puppy when it is at least 10 weeks old.
Puppies need a lot of time to be cared for by their mothers. This is a crucial stage for them. They somehow gain a psychological advantage for both puppy and for the mother dog as well.
A puppy can easily adjust to new surroundings as compared to an adult dog even though most puppies may cause minimal to major damage to your personal stuff while they are in the stage of teething.
They need to be housebroken and house

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.826935
Retrieved Text: The Golden Retriever is among the most popular dogs preferred as pets. These dogs are usually congenial, energetic and playful and loves their masters. Unfortunately, many Golden retrievers are usually rendered homeless due to a tragedy in their master’s family or because of other reasons.
Some organizations out there know how dissertation pains Goldens and have worked towards rehabilitations of Golden Retrievers. The happy end to a homeless Golden retriever usually comes in the form of adoption. Those who want golden retrievers as a pet can consider adopting these dogs.
Golden retriever adoption fulfills the dream of owning a dog and also brings back the sunshine on a pretty, desolate dog’s face. Before looking for a Golden retriever to adopt, it is important that you decide whether you need a Golden retriever puppy or an adult dog.
If you have very young children, then it may be a good idea to adopt an adult dog for several reasons. First of all, it is easy to make a good assessment of an adult golden retriever’s temperament. Even though Goldens are known to be friendly and gentle, not all dogs of this breed have this quality.
Therefore, it is important to consider this if you have young children. Adult golden retriever adoption can also be ideal for older people. Behavioral traits are also obvious in adult dogs meaning that you can choose a dog that best suits your need.
However with a puppy, you never know as their behavioral traits will rely heavily on the training you will provide. If you have older

########
Rank: 13
Score: 41.80433
Retrieved Text: The most exciting thing happened a couple of weeks ago. If you follow me on Instagram you would have already seen but….
Brett and I finally adopted our first dog together! We have been considering taking this step for a while and we finally pulled the trigger. His name is Oscar and he is a 5ish month old Dachshund puppy. He may be a Dachshund mix but we aren’t completely sure at this point in time.
It seems like Oscar has had a bit of a rough life. We found him at an Animal Shelter about 30 minutes from our house. My sister and I went to meet him one day after work. Brett didn’t want to go because he thought that he might get too attached.
One of the first things I noticed about Oscar was how tiny he seemed in the small meeting room that the Shelter used. His ribs were very noticeable and the lady we were talking to said that he was malnourished and under weight. I couldn’t believe how sweet and cuddly he was even though he was just meeting us.
It was love at first sight. I knew in my heart that I wanted to adopt this little puppy and make sure that he had the best life ever! Brett and I knew that we wanted a rescue dog, we wanted to save a life. If you’ve read my post about my parent’s dog, Megan, then you would already know just how important rescue animals are to me. We changed Megan’s life and she

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.553017
Retrieved Text: Pet or No Pet, That is The Question????
My girls have been begging for a puppy and I haven’t given in yet, but I’m tempted!!! I have always wanted a dog, but I know the commitment it will take and I’m not sure if I am up for it. What makes it worst, is my sister recently got a dog for her family and my kids can’t stand it. Everyday, I hear, “but Auntie has one, why can’t we??????” So, I need to hear the pros and cons of having a pet, what’s your take on having a family pet?
← Cute Beltz Question of The Day – What relaxes you?
Let’s hear the pros and cons!
Oh, in reply to Wendy Tomlinson’s comment, you do have to watch an animals temperament, but most shelter’s give you a two week time period to return a dog and choose another. If you choose a puppy this problem is usually avoided. I’ve gotten an aggressive dog from a shelter too, but it would never stop me from choosing a shelter dog to rescue, because it is a very rare problem.
Puppies are a lot of work, almost as much as another child. In fact, when friends are pondering whether to have a child I often tell them to get a puppy first. If they can handle the playfulness, potty training, and just normal day to day attention/training that a puppy would need, they can handle a child.
If you do decide to get a puppy, think about getting one from a shelter. Mixed breeds

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.40729
Retrieved Text: I’m a BIG advocate of rescue organizations but there are MANY compelling reasons to save a furry friend from the shelter. And one big important one.
A good indication of the dogs personality as the dog has already been fostered.
The dog will have been spayed/neutered.
Even with a $500 adoption fee. Getting a dog from the shelter might entail some medical costs you’re not aware of.
Knowing all this – we still chose to adopt a dog from the shelter. Why? Most responsible rescue organizations do a great job finding good homes for their animals. Shelter dogs don’t have as many advocates. Take a walk into a shelter. You’ll see hundreds of good dogs needing a home. Hundreds will not find one. I wanted to even out the odds – even if only by one dog.
It was time. After fostering 8 week old puppies over the summer, I knew I was ready for the lifestyle change that occurs when you welcome a new member into the family. JD, our current dog, is getting older and Thing 1 will be leaving for college in a year. There’s no better friend for a 13 year old girl than a dog.
Thing 2 and I stopped by the Van Nuys Animal Shelter to inquire if they had any dogs that would meet our requirements. (female and young) We wanted a puppy but she didn’t have to be brand new. We wanted to ensure JD would retain his status as top dog. With an unknown personality, another male dog might grow and challenge his

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.36842
Retrieved Text: This cutie pie was about 6 months old when I decided to bring her home for a sleepover. Her name was Taylor Swift and she looked absolutely miserable at the shelter. She was sick and we didn’t know what was wrong with her. I feared parvovirus at one point, which is a deadly disease that puppies are susceptible to, but luckily it was only worms. Once I got her home and she started feeling better, her rambunctious personality came out and she was an energetic and playful puppy. My oldest pit, Josie, loved to play with her and they would run around the house like little tornadoes. Taylor Swift was with me about a week or so and when I brought her back to the shelter for a couple of days, she was adopted!
I love this picture of Roman. It just makes me happy every time I look at it. When Roman first arrived at the shelter, he was super high strung and very reactive towards the other dogs. Every time I took him out to go play in the yard, I had to brace myself and remember to hold tight to the leash because he was so strong and pulled like a freight train, and barked up a storm telling off the other dogs we passed. But once I got him into the yard, he turned into a big toddler that just wanted to run around and play and get his energy out. I gathered that maybe Roman’s previous owner neglected him; never played with

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.28109
Retrieved Text: carmella Please adopt, don't shop.
sharron Shelter animals are beautiful too! Rescue and Adopt! Don't Shop!
selma Edward, best dog ever 14yr juvenile diabetic adopt don't shop!!!
tami There are many dogs out there waiting to be adopted - adopt, don't shop!
elvira Save innocent lives, spay and neuter your pets and adopt, don't shop.
jeannie Share if you are owned by a rescued pet! Don't Shop - Adopt!
lavawhip Don't buy. Adopt. God Bless!
jeannie This is where you are sending the perfectly adoptable animals if you buy from a breeder. DON'T SHOP, ADOPT!!!!!
kristi Don't shop, adopt! Rescue a homeless pet instead of buying one at the pet store or breeder.
patti2015 Although I think this picture is adorable..if it links to a pet shop, please ignore it. Pet stores buy from puppy mills. Adopt don't shop.
angelia LOVE Happy Ending!!! DONT SHOP ADOPT!!!
jeannie BUYING A PUPPY? REMEMBER THIS PICTURE!!! Please, please, if you are thinking about getting a pet or know someone that is, adopt. Don't shop. Save a life.
jaime Always adopt, never shop and please don't breed or buy while shelter animals die. Do what you can, where you can to help the animals in your community.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.193993
Retrieved Text: Growing up with a pet is an experience that every child should go through. Having something that loves you unconditionally is a heady feeling that helps you develop as a person. As an adult you can look to get a pet to love and cherish at your house in a number of different ways. Some people go through breeders while others shop at the dreaded ‘animal mills’. We think that you should avoid these expensive and, at times, inhumane places. We highly suggest that people instead go through an animal charity to adopt their next pet. We decided to pull together 13 inspiring reasons to adopt your next pet rather than shop for it at a store. Keep on reading and get ready to invite a pet into your home!
You are literally saving a life.
When dogs or cats end up in a shelter they are immediately put on a clock. With millions of homeless and unwanted pets scattered across the country it is known that resources are tight at these shelters. Statistics estimate that there are nearly 4 million pets in shelters across the country and you don’t need an elementary education to know that these numbers are not sustainable and it leads to many animals being ‘mercy killed’ for no other reason than being unwanted. So how can it make you feel to swoop in and save one of these loving, big hearted, animals from almost certain death? Not only are you bringing a loving pet into your life but you are also saving an

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.111843
Retrieved Text: While it’s easy to be swayed by a puppy (seriously, who can resist puppy kisses) a hyper, untrained puppy may not be a good fit for many families. They require a lot of training, patience and exercise. If you are looking to adopt and would like a dog who would fit into your home and lifestyle with little to no work, consider an older pet. Sure, they don’t have those cute baby faces and their lifespan may be shorter but there are many reasons why a senior pet just may be the perfect pet for you.
1. Older dogs come housetrained. They have an adult bladder which means no more getting up three times a night to let the puppy out and no more accidents to clean up when you get home.
2. Older dogs are past the teething stage so you don’t have to worry about sharp little teeth chewing up your furniture, shoes or baseboards. If you give an adult dog a few chew toys to keep him busy, you’ll never have to worry about your furniture again.
3. When you adopt an older dog, what you see is what you get. They will not grow anymore and you’ll never end up with what you thought was a beagle only to find out that there must’ve been a lab somewhere in his background. This is especially handy if you live in a apartment/condo or move around a lot. Many places have weight restrictions in their pet policies. By adopting an older dog, you won’t be in for

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.063244
Retrieved Text: Whether you’re debating adopting an older dog from the Burien C.A.R.E.S. shelter (there’s a sweet 14 year old Lhasa Apso there right now!) or the cat that you got in college is somehow already 16, you’ll likely need to know all your options in Burien for senior pet care. There are quite a few myths and misperceptions surrounding these older pets, though. If you’ve been hesitant to pick out an older pet as your new companion, we’re here to provide some of the facts. After all, these animals deserve love just like all our other furry friends.
You Can’t Teach An Old Dog New Tricks...Or Can You?
We’re not quite sure where this phrase comes from, but we’d say it’s certainly not from actual old dogs! Animals are trainable at every stage of life, and old pets are often particularly happy to get tasty training treats. You do have to be a bit more careful with the nutrition in those treats, but that’s pretty true for every pet. If you’re looking to adopt your first pet, getting an already house-trained older dog or reliably litter box trained senior cat is great for your carpets, too. No midnight (and then again at 3am…) wake up calls with a new puppy to let them out.
Are Older Pets As Playful?
As with most things in life, the answer to this question depends on the individual animal. If you’re looking for a calmer pet, some senior cats or dogs may be the best choice. A Golden Retriever that’s seen it all can be

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.04359
Retrieved Text: Lucy and Sully ended up at the shelter around the same time, and as soon as they met, they became inseparable. When someone saw Lucy's picture online and came to adopt her, the two dogs made it very clear that it had to be both of them, or neither of them.
Both Lucy and Sully have fairly unknown backstories. Lucy came to the shelter as a stray, and Sully was adopted once and then returned to the shelter. Something about each dog drew them to each other, though, and Lucy became like a mother to Sully. He was just a puppy when he arrived at the shelter, and Lucy was a few years older.
When Alaina Brinton lost her senior dog, she decided to welcome a new pup into her home a few months later. When she found out about Lucy, she knew she'd be the perfect fit.
"I saw a picture of Lucy at my local humane society and just had to meet her," Brinton told The Dodo. "When I called, they said that she'd been fostered with another dog and they'd like for me to also meet her buddy. I figured there wouldn't be any harm in seeing both."
Brinton hadn't been planning on adopting two dogs, but when she saw how inseparable the pair was, she knew if she wanted one, she would have to take the other, too. Luckily, she immediately fell in love with both dogs, so the decision to adopt them both wasn't difficult at all.
"I fell in love right away," Brinton said. "Besides,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.024925
Retrieved Text: Not long after my husband and I started dating, we joked that one day we’d have a labradoodle named Walrus. I can’t remember how this came about, but it became an inside joke between us throughout our entire relationship. Because we were living in a condo that didn’t allow pets, we told ourselves that once we moved out, we’d get a dog.
After getting married and moving to Fort Wayne, we decided that getting a dog was an absolute must – especially since I was working from home. When thinking about what kind of dog we wanted it, it was a no-brainer we wanted a (chocolate) labradoodle named Walrus.
Long story short, I lost my job, and our dream of getting our Walrus was put on hold. Eventually, we decided to look into adopting a dog instead – mostly because it would be less expensive to adopt from a shelter than buy a labradoodle from a breeder.
Everyone always says, “adopt don’t shop!” But if you’re like my husband and I, you’ve probably thought of purchasing a dog at one point or another – maybe because you wanted a certain breed or you just felt more comfortable with it.
The dogs that end up at shelters are healthy, sweet and smart. Many times, when a dog is surrendered, it has more to do with the owner than the dog. Adopting a dog from a shelter gives these dogs a second chance at a forever home.
It’s crazy how many dogs are put down every year because there isn’t enough space for

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.724434
Retrieved Text: When deciding on the type of dog to get, you have to consider each of the following factors. Now that you have thought about why you want to get a dog, you know how to choose a dog and you are prepared for the challenges and rewards of sharing your life with a dog, it is time to narrow the search and determine just what type of dog you are looking for. Here are a few of the first things to decide on before you make a trip to the dog shelter.
The type of coat that you choose is an important factor in your decision process. You may wonder why this matters, or how it would affect your decision at all, but it is actually a very big part of the decision when determining what type of dog you want and there are several things to consider.
These coat types can all be divided into two groups; The first group, which contains most dog breeds, is made up of the type of dog that has a coat that grows to a specific length and then stops growing. But some breeds, those that make up the second group, have coats that grow continuously and must be maintained and trimmed regularly.
Some of the things for you to consider when deciding on the type of dog coat that best suits you, include; how much a type of dog sheds and how often the type will require professional grooming services.
Normally, most dogs will shed intensively twice per year. They prepare themselves

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.527508
Retrieved Text: When I talk about Humane Society dogs for adoption, I’m really talking about dog adoption in general. There was a time when I really wasn’t keen on the idea of adopting a shelter dog. My reasons were probably similar to most people’s. I wanted a puppy, I was afraid of what kind of behavior I’d get from a rescue dog, and I had a preconceived notion of what I wanted the dog to look like.
I was much younger then and I didn’t understand the full consequences of not adopting. As I matured and gave thought to what it means to really love dogs, it occurred to me that there are thousands upon thousands of dogs sitting sadly in rescue shelters all over the world.
If you’re on the fence about whether to adopt a dog from a shelter or not, read through the list below. My aim is to give you as many facts to go on when making that important decision.
You Take Profits Away From Puppy Mills. It is estimated that there are 10,000 puppy mills in the United States. Not all commercial dog-breeding facilities are bad. However, when there are shelters all over the world with perfectly good dogs waiting for a home, why go that route?
2. Adopting an adult dog means avoiding the puppy phase altogether. Sure, puppies are cute! I love puppies. But I also remember going through hundreds of dollars worth of shoes when my gorgeous lab ate them all.
The happy couple in this tweet below look very happy with their newly

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.448563
Retrieved Text: MABTR works hard to match people with the right dogs. At our core is compassion for dogs who have been neglected and abused, especially those from puppy mills. While we always encourage people to adopt, we understand that sometimes people have their hearts set on a “puppy” from a breeder.
The next best thing after having you adopt a dog from us is ensuring that your new friend comes from a reputable breeder who truly cares about the breed.
Breeding is not cloning, and just like your children would not be exactly like you, your dog’s puppies would not be exactly like your dog. In fact, they could be very different. If both parents are not screened for genetic disorders, the puppies could be born with serious genetic problems causing pain, illness, or even death.
The best way to find a second dog who will perfectly fit into your life is to visit http://Petfinder.com, find some dogs who interest you, and contact the rescues housing those dogs to learn more about their personalities.
The Humane Society of the United States estimates that between two and three million animals are killed in shelters each year, many of which are puppies and kittens. Instead of contributing to America’s pet overpopulation crisis, find out if your local shelter or zoo has any “miracle of life” programs that can help your children understand the process without causing unnecessary births.
Although some people spend $1,000 or more on champion pedigree puppies from well-known, reputable breeders, they will not spend that money for a puppy from an

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.39188
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in Adding pets, breeders, dog selection, New dog, Puppy Mills, shelter dogs and tagged adopt, breeders, canine training, Cleveland, dog behavior, dog health, dog training, dog training near me, dogs, immigration, Lakewood, negative reinforcement, Ohio, Positive Dog Training, positive training, puppy, puppy kindergarten, puppy mills, puppy training, refugees, rescue, rescue dog training, senior dogs, shelter dog, shelters, sick dog, The PAW Method, training my dog by Kerry Stack. Bookmark the permalink.
My niece and I were having a “discussion” with her brother – also, my nephew – because he wanted to breed his Jack Russell with a Pug to get a “Jug”. Our argument was that the dog is a Mutt – not a Jug or any other such cutesey name. The puppy mill thing leaves me cold. There are so many dogs out there already that need homes.
I appreciate your response, and I love that term “house payment”. Just as there’s no such thing as a “designer human”, I truly believe that no dog trumps another dog based solely upon pedigree, birth or origin. Thank you for your work in rescue. Keep Calm and Rescue On!
We need to STOP puppy mills and focus on bringing down the number of dogs that are badly hurt, live a miserable life, or die every year! As you mentioned many people say “what is one dog that I could of rescued?” one dog is one more dog that didn’t die and lived a good life with you! Besides if every one that didn’t rescue a dog

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.247437
Retrieved Text: Dogs for adoption that you may find through rescue organizations have often had a rough time and may have been traumatized, but there are things you can do to help them make the transition to your home.
Find Australian Shepherd Rescue Organizations in your area.
Australian Shepherd Rescue Listings are provided as a free service.
Before you adopt a dog or puppy and welcome them into your home here are a few tips to make the adjustment easier – for both of you.
First, let me thank your for considering adopting a dog from an Aussie rescue organization or shelter. There are many wonderful dogs and puppies that are in need of loving homes.
Since buying from pet stores contributes to the problem of puppy mills its great to see whenever people look for their new Aussie in rescue shelters. It should always be the first place we look!
After visiting several shelters or Australian Shepherd Rescue websites you may find the perfect match. However, please keep in mind that the dog rescue volunteers and staff will want to make sure that your home is the right match for the dog too, so they will likely ask you questions as well.
Rescue dogs need loving homes like yours.
Some of these dogs may have had a rough time and it's important to do everything possible to make sure they don't wind up back at the shelter in a few months. Nobody wants that.
If you know all about Australian Shepherds, maybe you've had one, and you're certain they are the right breed for you –

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.17471
Retrieved Text: ﻿National Puppy Day: Calendar, History, Tweets, Facts, Quotes & Activities.
National Puppy Day seeks to celebrate the unconditional love that puppies bring to people's lives. It is also a day to help save orphaned puppies across the globe and educate people about puppy mills and their many horrors. Puppies are young dogs, and depending on the breed, some remain puppies for longer than others.
National Puppy Day is held on March 23rd every year in the hopes of improving the lives of puppies everywhere. Colleen Paige, who is also the founder of National Dog Day and National Cat Day, founded the celebration in 2006.
There are approximately 500-600 million dogs, including strays, throughout the world.
In the USA, it is estimated that 2.11 million puppies are sold from puppy mills.
Puppies Behind Bars is a training program that helps inmates to raise service dogs in prisons.
Puppy mills are commercial dog-breeding organizations that focus on profit, while ignoring the health and welfare of the animals. 3 million puppies are killed in puppy mills because they are too full and not enough have found homes.
Visit an animal shelter and adopt a puppy in need. Most cities have a local shelter where you can visit and adopt a pet in the same day. Remember to spay or neuter your pet in order to control the stray dog population.
Spread awareness by using the hashtags #nationalpuppyday and #puppyday on social media and also share pictures of your dog or pictures of dogs you like.
Watch the documentaries Dog By Dog , Madonna of the Hills and I’m

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.102917
Retrieved Text: Filmed inside a puppy-size stadium with canine tailgaters, hedgehog cheerleaders, hamsters in a blimp and a human referee, the 2013 Puppy Bowl features 63 rescued dogs with 10 playing on the turf at a time. A puppy touchdown is scored when one of the canine players drags a football-shaped toy into the end zone. Penalties are handed out to those who relieve themselves on the field. Instant replays and water bowl cameras promise to keep viewers on the edge of their seats. Kittens have once again been booked to perform at the halftime show (which some have called a controversial choice after a pre-meowed track was used by renowned performer Purryoncé at Bo Obama’s January indoguration).
Plus, if you want to keep up with the Puppy Bowl via social media, a delightful live-Tweeting bird named Meep promises to report the action both on and off the field.
To see the contenders, each of whom is recruited to play from different shelters and rescue organizations, check out the 2013 Puppy Bowl lineup. Bios for each player will appear on screen during the game, giving viewers adoption and shelter information. Although most of the featured puppies have actually been adopted by airtime (the show is filmed months in advance), shelters emphasize that similar dogs are always available.
Personally, I’m a fan of Trinka because she looks like the classic underdog. Plus, she is part beagle and seems to have the intensity needed to beat out her sister, Marta, who has already been described by dog bloggers as “this year’s Fumble.” Note:

================



======= Instance Index 30 =========
Input Text: Context: Addison bid Carson goodbye before the ship left the dock.

Question: What will Addison want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: wave goodbye

B: jump off the boat

C: yell to Addison

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.540003
Retrieved Text: It's so hard to say goodbye! Through the years we've bid farewell to our most beloved shows.
Mary Tyler Moore threw her hat up for the last time in 1977, and ended The Mary Tyler Moore Show with an emotional group hug with her cast mates!
In 1983, 106 million viewers, a record beat only by the Super Bowl, watched the now-classic final episode of M.A.S.H.
And who could forget when Cliff Huxtable finally fixed his pesky doorbell as The Cosby Show signed off in 1992. Bill Cosby, Cliff, and Phylicia Rashad, Cliff's wife Clair, broke TV's invisible fourth wall and walked off the set to the applause of the studio audience.
That same year, America's favorite late night talk show host Johnny Carson ended his show after 30 years. Carson kept it simple, sitting on a stool, as he bid farewell to 50 million viewers.
"I bid you a very heartfelt good night," he said to the camera.
After 11 seasons of Cheers there was one last drink at the bar where everybody knows your name.
The final episode of Seinfeld left millions of fans scratching their heads with the gloomy finale episode, which ended with the entire cast in a jail cell.
Now, Oprah's last show joins the annals of great television goodbyes.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.231134
Retrieved Text: Location: Refinery Terminal Wharf, Texas City Refinery, Texas City, Tx.
Lanier & Associates provided Engineering and Construction for this ship/barge Dock No. 32 including the hose tower. This project also included the monopile ship breasting dolphins as well as barge dolphins.
Lanier & Associates has provided engineering services at this island terminal for more than 25 years. This photo is a view of a 1/2 mile long finger pier with berths for up to 150,000 DWT vessels. The pier handles fuel oil and blended grades of ship’s bunkers. The vessel shown is approaching the South berth.
Lanier performed engineering design and construction management to replace existing dock. This project involved the total replacement of both a high capacity ship dock and multipurpose barge dock.
Lanier & Associates provided preliminary and detail engineering for the upgrade/expansion at this marine terminal. The project included a new pipe rack, new electrical distribution system, new ship dock #3 and barge docks designed and built to receive up to eight barges at one time. Lanier also provided construction management.
Lanier & Associates provided complete multidiscipline engineering services in connection with the development of new Ship/Barge Dock number 4. One challenging aspect of this large project was the detailed engineering design and construction support for the 1,500 linear foot steel sheet pile bulkhead located on the Houston ship channel.
Lanier & Associates provided the permitting, preliminary and detailed engineering design, project management and bid phase services for this new ship and barge dock. This project included all structural, electrical, and mechanical engineering for the pipe racks, approach, loading

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.965363
Retrieved Text: Dallas Area's Preferred General Contractor - 6x Best of Houzz!
The quality you deserve at a great price!
Bettis Construction specializes in high-end residential construction and remodeling. Bill Bettis produces spectacular results that continue to sustain Bettis Construction's reputation among the best builders in the area's finest neighborhoods.
General, or construction contractors, are often known as project managers. They oversee the entire remodeling or new home construction project and facilitate all day-to-day tasks that move it toward completion. A Addison general building contractor will work with your architect to review plan as you build a house and ensure everything is in place before work is started as well as arrange for permits and necessary inspections. While good local home improvement contractors in Addison will have the skills to handle certain tasks onsite, such as carpentry, he or she is also responsible for hiring subcontractors for the majority of jobs, such as electrical work, painting or plumbing. In addition, the general contractor should be on-site regularly to inspect the progress and resolve issues. Here are some related professionals and vendors to complement the work of general contractors: Architects & Building Designers, Interior Designers & Decorators, Landscape Architects & Landscape Designers, Kitchen & Bath Designers, Specialty Contractors.
Home remodeling contractors are a must for successful completion of a renovation. Because of this, it's essential that you do your homework before deciding on the right general contractor in Addison as you remodel or build a house. Inspect bids carefully. Was it ready when the contractor promised it? Was the bid for building a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.472067
Retrieved Text: • A 26-year-old bartender from Carson City was arrested at 2:14 a.m. Tuesday on Highway 50 East on suspicion of misdemeanor failure to maintain lane, expired registration and drunken driving. Bail was set at $1,306.
• Christina Marie Watson, 23, unemployed from Carson City, was arrested at 4:45 p.m. Monday in the 2000 block of North Carson Street on suspicion of gross misdemeanor child neglect and felony possession of methamphetamine. She allegedly dropped her 6-month-old son off Thursday with a friend’s mother and never returned. The child was turned over to the state. Watson’s bail is set at $5,000.
• A 48-year-old Carson City man was arrested at 5:59 a.m. Monday on Tiger Drive on a misdemeanor drunken driving warrant. Bail was set at $1,132.
• A 22-year-old transient from Carson City was arrested at 2:40 p.m. Monday in the 1000 South Carson Street on suspicion of misdemeanor domestic battery. Bail was set at $3,132.
• Liana Shane Acuna, 28, a transient homemaker, was arrested at 10:09 a.m. Monday on Brown and Reeves streets on suspicion of felony probation violation. No bail was set.
• Graffiti was found on the loading dock of Empire Elementary School on Monday at 7:20 a.m.
• A “suspicious message,” was left on the answering machine for the Carson City Democratic Central Committee sometime before Tuesday at 10:15 a.m.
• Graffiti was found inside the bathroom at a South Carson Street convenience store Tuesday at 8:56 a.m.
• A report of paint being scratched on a vehicle in the 2000 Lone Mountain Drive on Tuesday at 8:57 a.m.
• Graffiti

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.135628
Retrieved Text: Above: P&O Cruises' Oceana departing the Gibraltar cruise port.
Above: Gibraltar harbor. The cruise ship facility is at the upper right corner of the city.
Above: Celebrity Eclipse docked by the Gibraltar cruise terminal.
Below left: Anthem of the Seas in Gibraltar.
Despite its small size, Gibraltar is a busy port. In fact, it is the fourth busiest cruise port in the Iberian peninsula after Barcelona, Malaga and Lisbon. 186 cruise ship visits are expected in 2013 bringing more than 300,000 passengers to Gibraltar.
Cruise ships generally dock at the northern end of the port. Consequently, the ship will take you past almost all of the town as well as the length of the Rock before you dock.
The cruise ship dock is at the end of a mole that projects out into the Bay of Gibraltar. Ships can dock on either side of the dock. According to the Gibraltar Port Authority, the dock can handle two large cruise ships or four medium size cruise ships at the same time. (If additional berths are needed, it is possible for cruise ships to dock at other locations around the harbor).
On the dock is the cruise terminal building. This structure was originally a warehouse but in 1997 it was gutted and with extensive renovation, converted into a cruise facility. Inside there is a Tourist Board office, a cafe,a bureau de change, restrooms and some shops.
The cruise facility is a short walk (10 minutes; less than one mile) to the center of the town.
Alternatively, the port offers a shuttle bus (for a fee) into town.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.642841
Retrieved Text: MrGrey1's Shipyard presents, "The Great Yamato"
I built this ship with an aim to make a fun survival and exploration ship. I've included RP areas for all major ship functions such as crew quarters, mess, medical and research bays.
For resource collection she includes twelve mining drones in two independent stern docks. There are two Cosmo fighters in the keel dock for recon duties. Cargo docks on either side of the hull provide docking space for small bikes or cargo pallets.
Stealth and FTL chambers come default. The ship has capacity for up to nine chambers. I've left a scaffold filler so the chamber layout is easy to find and easy to swap out to any desired configuration.
She has two hull controlled main weapons both activated via logic. A forward facing M/B battery and of course the Wave Motion Gun.
The Gun is B/B and will take some time to charge before it fires. I'm still not entirely happy with it but it looks the part at least. Any suggestions for improvements there are welcome.
This ship is under frequent development and has recently had a full refit. I've tried to get the BP 100% but I always miss something. All screens, inner ship remotes and wireless connections appear to be connected and saving to the BP correctly. The mining drones will need to have their load/unload settings configured individually. Treat the mining docks with care.
Each dock section will un-dock and reset on a single button or inner ship remote activation. All ships should automatically re-dock on a fleet recall. Make

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.4811
Retrieved Text: Surprise, the Workers' Party has failed in its 2nd bid to talk about the Elected Presidency in Parliament. Dr Intan Azura's topic on preserving green space was chosen instead. Do you think WP will still get a chance to speak at the next Parliamentary sitting?
SMRT said on Monday (Oct 13) it has decided against making a takeover bid for Addison Lee, London’s biggest minicab operator. In a statement to the Singapore Exchange, SMRT said it had been approached by an investment bank on the possible sale of Addison Lee. "Having considered the matter, the company has decided not to make a bid at this stage to acquire Addison Lee," the company said.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.269072
Retrieved Text: It's Buster Crabbe times two in this low-budget "Billy Carson" Western from PRC, which once again trots out that anatomical impossibility: identical cousins. The bad cousin, Jim, heads a gang of cattle rustlers that has just killed both the local sheriff and his deputies. The only one left standing is amiable diner owner Fuzzy Q. Jones (Al St. John), who is promptly elected new sheriff. Enter Billy Carson, Jim's right-thinking relative, and the bad guys may as well pack it in, outnumbered as they are by an army of one. In a break from the fighting and shooting, Tex Williams and a hillbilly aggregation perform "It's Over and So Goodbye" by Lew Porter.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.189783
Retrieved Text: On November 6, 2017 Baltimore Fox reported the death of Dr. Ben Carson’s mother, Sonya Carson.
Everyone knows the name of Dr. Ben Carson, the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under the Trump Administration, but they don’t know the woman behind the amazing man!
We have often heard many stories from Ben Carson about his mother, as he incorporates them in many of his public speeches often. The day before Ben Carson was to announce his bid for the Presidency Ben Carson found out that his mother Sonya Carson who was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s in 2011 was dying. Because of this news, his Rally was postponed.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.183811
Retrieved Text: Compact tractor with loader and box blade. Near new and must be handled with care. Need ramps to unload. Prefer small or hotshot trailer.
Kubota front bucket and forks are detachable and so is loader.
No loading dock at dropoff location. Will need a day or 2 notice to meet for dropoff.
Does not have a loading dock, so the trailer will need to have ramps.
When you're looking for tractor shipping, let uShip help you find reliable and experienced service providers at a low cost. Our cost-to-ship index tool, above, shows you hundreds of tractor transport transactions completed through the uShip marketplace. This will give you a good idea of how we work and how much it costs to ship a tractor. When you're ready to get quotes directly from tractor hauling services, click the "Get Free Quotes" button at the top of this page and start your shipment listing. You'll want to have the make and model as well as dimensions and weight of your tractor ready. Once your listing is complete, you'll start getting quotes from service providers as they bid for your business, ensuring you get cheap tractor shipping rates. Each tractor shipping company has their transport history and their safety records available for your review through their carrier profile. When you find a carrier that works for you with a rate within your budget, accept the bid and begin working with that carrier directly for your tractor delivery. If you have more questions, our "Help" section in the top right of this page has more

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.139475
Retrieved Text: WWW.TYLERGRACEAUCTIONS.HIBID.COM! NOW OPEN SUNDAY 9AM TO 5PM FOR BUYERS TO PICKUP PURCHASES OR FOR CONSIGNOR DROPOFFS!!!!! All Items Are As Is, Where Is, without warranty expressed or implied, and all sales final. You may contact the UPS location that is closest to us; however, for most items, we are able to ship using USPS priority mail. Standard shipping fees will be charged. Please speak with front desk for all shipping inquiries. A $5 flat handling fee regardless of the amount purchased will be charged plus the cost of shipping. Buyers Premium is 15%. Payments Accepted are Cash, Credit/Debit Card, and cashiers check. All payments need to be remitted the day of the sale unless by absentee bid. Absentee bidders will be charged via credit card registered automatically after auction. Invoice will be emailed. ALL ITEMS MUST BE PICKED UP NO LATER THAN the WEDNESDAY AFTER AUCTION unless other arrangements are made with auction staff prior to bidding. All items left after close of business Wednesday will become property of Tyler Grace Auction who reserves the right to sell the content with no recourse to the bidder. PICKUP IS AVAILABLE SUNDAY 9AM TO 5PM, MONDAY TUESDAY OR WEDNESDAY 9AM TO 5PM (CLOSED 12PM TO 1PM FOR LUNCH.) Tyler Grace Auctions LLC 4408 Sunbelt Rd, Addison TX 75001. Jason Bufford TDLR # 17641 Statements made the day of the sale supersede all printed material.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.03523
Retrieved Text: ADDISON COUNTY — An Aug. 14 primary election will be required to whittle down a surplus of Democrats competing for Addison County sheriff and the two seats representing the Addison-4 district in the Vermont House.
Meanwhile, three other districts will feature no races at all for the general election, barring an eleventh-hour bid by an independent or write-in candidate. Incumbent lawmakers representing the Addison-1, Addison-2, Addison-3 and Addison-5 House districts currently have no competition for new two-year terms in Montpelier.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.868286
Retrieved Text: MSC Cruises is investigating why one of its ships “deviated from her course” and ended up tearing apart a dock in Honduras on Tuesday morning.
The MSC Armonia, which is in the midst of a weeks-long cruise to the Caribbean, was heading into Port Coxen Hole on the island of Roatán when it failed to slow to a stop and crashed into the dock before running aground on the beach, NPR reported.
Footage of the incident shared by YouTube user gCaptain shows witnesses looking on in shock as the MSC Armonia tears into the pier — along with the sounds of the structure crunching under the weight of the 65,000-ton ship.
One of the men heard in the video repeatedly yells for others to “get out of the kitchen” of a nearby restaurant, according to USA Today.
“While maneuvering alongside, for reasons that are currently still being duly investigated, the ship deviated from her course and grazed the end of the pier,” said a spokesman for the cruise line in an emailed statement to Fox News.
Crew members attempted to slow the ship upon realizing it was traveling too fast into port, according to NPR, reportedly by throwing two anchors overboard just before the ship hit the dock.
But while the anchors may have been deployed too late to slow the vessel’s entry into port, damage to the MSC Armonia itself was said to be minimal.
MSC’s statement further confirmed that passengers were not affected by the incident, and that the MSC Armonia has already left for its next port of call in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.650814
Retrieved Text: Quiz: How much do you really know about cruise ships?
So you’ve taken a few cruises. You know the differences between Carnival and Royal Caribbean, and which ports you’ll find on different Caribbean itineraries. But how much do you really know about cruise ships themselves?
1. If you were looking at a cruise ship (or any ship, really) from the top down, match these four terms to their correct definition: port, starboard, stern, bow.
A. Left, right, front, back.
B. Right, left, front, back.
C. Left, right, back, front.
D. Right, left, back, front.
2. What is a cruise ship’s “berth”?
A. Where it was built.
B. The date of its first voyage.
D. Where the ship is docked in port.
3. Where can you find the ship’s helm?
4. What part of the ship is the arrow pointing to?
5. When it comes to cruise ships, what does GRT stand for?
6. How do ships minimize the rocking from rough seas?
7. Why might someone say you need to take a “tender” into port?
A. The Captain screwed up and cannot dock the ship properly.
B. The port is not deep enough for the ship to dock.
C. The water is too rough to dock.
D. You should take advantage of a cruise ship dating app while in port.
8. What part of the ship is often referred to as the “screw”?
9. A knot is a measurement of a ship’s speed. How many knots are equal to one nautical mile per hour?
10. What does the beam of a cruise ship measure?
A. The height of a cruise ship from the surface of the water.
B. The height

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.527712
Retrieved Text: Don't hesitate to call Pro Surety Bond when you're in the market for a surety bond. We specialize in all types of Contract and Construction Bonds including Payment and Performance Bonds, Subdivision and Off Site Bonds, Bid Bonds, License and Permit Bonds, Court Bonds, Fidelity Bonds and all types of Miscellaneous Surety Bonds. Call 800-314-7003 for each and every surety bond need. Our staff of bond counselors enjoy talking bonds to anyone. Call the Addison Surety Bond Pros at 800-314-7003!
Call 800-314-7003! What is a surety bond? A surety bond is a way of securing trust for a commitment you have made. Let’s say you own a plumbing contracting company. When you get a business license you are committing yourself to do business in a non-fraudulent way, but unfortunately the government needs more than you word of honor in order to trust you. They would like it if your financial standing were enough to back you up but the reality is that they won’t sleep at night until they have a guarantee from you, a third party guarantee, backed up by the financial prestige of a surety company. Surety bonds exist for this reason. When you purchase the bond, the surety promises that it will take on the risk of making sure any valid claim against the bond is paid no matter what, which usually means making a short term loan to you to cover it. Pro Surety Bond has over 25 years of combined industry experience, and what’s another 25 more? Call us even if your

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.439054
Retrieved Text: SS Great Britain was an advanced passenger steamship designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel for the Great Western Steamship Company’s transatlantic service between Bristol and New York. While other ships had previously been built of iron or equipped with a screw propeller, Great Britain was the first to combine these features in a large ocean-going ship.
When launched in 1843, Great Britain was by far the largest vessel afloat. However, her protracted construction and high cost had left her owners in a difficult financial position, and they were forced out of business in 1846 after the ship was stranded by a navigational error.
Sold for salvage and repaired, Great Britain carried thousands of immigrants to Australia until converted to sail in 1881. Three years later, the vessel was retired to the Falkland Islands where she was utilised as a warehouse, quarantine ship and coal hulk until scuttled in 1937.
In 1970, Great Britain was returned to the Bristol dry dock where she was first built. Now listed as part of the National Historic Fleet, Core Collection, the vessel is an award-winning visitor attraction and museum ship in Bristol Harbour, with between 150,000-170,000 visitors annually.
After Recovery she then spent two weeks in the Cumberland Basin, until a high enough tide occurred that would get her back through the locks to Bristol’s Floating Harbour, back to her birthplace, the dry dock in the Great Western Dockyard in which she had been built (now a grade II* listed building, it had been disused since bomb damage during World War II).
The original intent was

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.32339
Retrieved Text: No lies…no slogans, just an honest Christian family man who happens to be unbelievably accomplished and has a background that’s an open book. He was raised by a single, illiterate mom in the worst ghettos of Detroit and became one of the most famed neurosurgeons in the world. The less the left tells America about black Republican candidate for President, Dr. Ben Carson…the better.
FROM THE HUFFINGTON POST: Ben Carson made an unusual musical choice as he officially announced his presidential bid Monday at the Detroit Music Hall.
To set the scene, Carson had a gospel choir perform an a cappella rendition of “Lose Yourself” by Eminem, who also spent much of his childhood in Detroit. It’s quite remarkable. And bizarre.The choir, Selected of God, first recorded its gospel version of the gritty song in 2011. A representative for Eminem did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.31024
Retrieved Text: ALL OF THE EQUIPMENT IN THIS LOT IS IN WORKING CONDITION.
NOTE: Buyer is responsible for providing ALL personnel and equipment necessary to breakdown pallets to remove the equipment from the location.
All measurements and descriptions are approximate.
Items are being sold in an "AS IS" and "WHERE IS" condition. Inspection is recommended. You are expected to load your own item(s). Be prepared to load your item(s) from a dock. If you cannot carry or lift, you will need to bring someone with you.
We cannot ship item(s). Bidders may contact a local shipping company to pick up package and ship their item(s).
**ALL SHIPPING/HANDLING AND RETURN FEES WILL BE THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE BUYER.
Please confirm with us regarding pick-up options for each individual auction.
PLEASE REFER TO THE FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR ALL REQUIREMENTS.
Bid Deposits: City of New York may require bid deposits to ensure fairness to all buyers.
Public Processing, LLC handles all payments for City of New York.
Payment for an awarded item must be received within five (5) business days after notice of award of winning bid.
Buyers Premium: A Buyers Premium of 9.5% will be added to the final sale price with a $1 minimum charge per auction for payment collections. This premium if applicable will be visible during the bidding process and added to the total bid.
The successful bidder will be responsible for removal or pick-up of item(s) from agency's premises. Removal must occur within ten (10) business days after notification of award of the winning bid. The notice of award, the payment receipt, and personal identification

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.264633
Retrieved Text: The Penelope is in dry dock for repairs when the crew pick up some new passengers that are not quite what they seem. But in the shadows lurk a sinister Ninja Clan intent on capturing Li Chan. Then in a head on clash between Ninjas, Amazon Warriors and Pirates their secrets unfold. Our story takes place on the salvage Ship Penelope. The Penelope is crewed by Captain Johansen, Amber the Navigator, Spanners the Engineer and Carson the Cook. The newest members of the crew are Li Chan and Professor Chalk. Li is an escaped specimen from a Genetic Infantry Program. He has been scientifically altered and he is endowed with a Molecular Level Combat Engine. Li is young and inexperienced but he is one hell of a fighter. We learn of his origins and powers as he, and Professor Chalk his mentor, continue with Captain Johansen’s crew on their adventures.
SKU: 1255_4744_01 Categories: 99 Cents, Adventure, Digital, Martial Arts Tag: kfengine Brands: Ronin Studios.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.193214
Retrieved Text: “A relatively innocuous photograph when looked at in more detail reveals that 63 years ago today on 16th August 1950 a ship in the Mersey, ‘Kirriemoor’ owned by Runicman Shipping Company Ltd / Moor Line Ltd, narrowly averted a disaster after a tow-rope attaching her to a tug snapped whilst the ship was manoeuvring into Alfred Dock, Birkenhead, which left the ship drifting dangerously up-river. Although the ‘Kirriemoor’s’ two anchors were dropped the vessel was caught by the strong tide before they could grip and the ship was alarmingly carried towards the Woodside landing stage on the Birkenhead side of the river. Eventually ‘Kirriemoor’ was brought under control and the ship merely ‘touched’ the landing stage, skilfully avoiding a collision which may have fouled the stage’s moorings. A new rope was passed to ‘Kirriemoor’s’ tug and the ship then safely entered Alfred Dock; a story with a happy ending.
A tense moment on the Mersey from a near disaster with a 4989 ton ship which highlights the skills of mariners both past and present, who have brought and continue to bring their ships along the river, for the most part, without incident. This story underlines the constant potential for disaster with the coupling of fast flowing tides and vessels of significant tonnage.
The photograph, which is part of the Keith Lewis photographic collection, was brought to my attention by a volunteer who has been diligently working with these images, re-housing them into conservation storage and undertaking research for their documentation. The ‘Kirriemoor’ is shown in difficulties, attended by

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.944746
Retrieved Text: The Disney Wonder completed her last sailing from Galveston this morning closing the chapter on Disney Cruise Line’s sailings from the great state of Texas. The Disney Wonder will depart Galveston later today on a non-passenger repositioning cruise to PortMiami. On Friday, she will sail the first of two sailings before she goes for a short 10-night dry dock.
Around the lunch hour in Galveston, the Disney Wonder began to make her way to Miami.
Following her dry dock the Disney Wonder will pick up where the Disney Magic left off sailing a variety of four- and five-night itineraries to the Bahamas and Caribbean through April.
The Disney Wonder will then embark on a 15-Night Panama Canal Cruise to San Diego.
This entry was posted in News and tagged Disney Wonder, Galveston, Miami, PortMiami by Scott Sanders. Bookmark the permalink.
I LOVE the picture of her at CC with the The Flying Dutchman!! Have you heard what “upgrades” they are planning to do in dry dock by chance?
We were on the last cruise out of Galveston. It was amazing. Sorry to see it leave. The ship was full of Texans. We will be traveling to the Florida ports next year for our second cruise. Not as convenient but still well worth it! Thanks for all the information on this page!
Will miss DCL so close to home. Will always be remebered as special point in life. At 68 took first cruise on DCL Magic 6 night. Great time. Great Ship. Before reno. I went to Hell and back on the Magic.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.922085
Retrieved Text: It’s Christmas Eve on the ship and a combination of the heat, and none of the familiarity of traditions back home, mean it doesn’t really look a lot like Christmas as we know it. We’ve realised how much tradition plays a part in celebrating Christmas, but one of the lovely things about living on the ship is we get to celebrate traditions from all over the world including Holland, Scandinavia and Australia.
Celebrations in December started with James turning 3! We had a small party with 3 of his closest friends and had a lot of fun.
James with Elle, Lukas and Jack, celebrating his 3rd birthday in the Nursery!
This was followed by a visit for the kids from Sinterklaas, a Dutch tradition, which James thoroughly enjoyed. He is the original Santa Claus and turned up at the ship via a Land Rover, having traveled all the way from Spain! Needless to say he had a sack full of presents for the children who apparently had been well behaved enough to receive presents, even Joseph! It really was a lovely afternoon with some children, obviously well versed in the tradition, presenting a gift to Sinterklaas before receiving theirs (gold star to those parents!).
Joseph encountering Sinterklaas for the first time.
Two of our favourite traditions on the ship are Santa Lucia, (a beautiful Scandinavian performance), and Carols by Candlelight on the Dock (apparently an Aussie tradition?!). Both include real candles and singing, what’s not to like?! Real candles aren’t allowed on the ship usually for obvious safety reasons so to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.914564
Retrieved Text: Kingdoms and Castles is a game about growing a kingdom from a tiny hamlet to a sprawling city and imposing castle. This is a fantastic casual city sim, with an endearing art style and fairly easy to pick up gameplay.
This guide describes how to build a dock and how to set up a transport ship.
This guide starts at square one on how to build a dock and how to set up a transport ship.
The only purpose of a transport ship is to haul goods to and from an island colony. For information about starting a colony, read my guide on how to establish a colony.
How to prepare a supply dock and transport ship before starting a colony.
How to plan out the colony dock in advance.
How to set the cargo consist of a transport ship to supply a colony.
How to adjust the cargo consists and dock storage amounts as the colony grows.
To Look for the opportunity to set up select goods docks.
An island colony will need supplies from the main city for years to come in order to grow rapidly and defend itself. This requires sending transport ships between a dock at the main city and a dock at the colony.
Are you ready to start a colony? Not so fast. Before starting a colony, you will need to build a supply dock at the main city as well as a transport ship. Have these built and ready for at least a year before you start a colony.
It is assumed that your city is harvesting a surplus of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.905613
Retrieved Text: Hazmat sign indicates presence of an inhalation hazard.
Caution sign provides reminder on wheel chocks. Fast ship available on our most popular signs. See Overview below for details.
Caution signs identify maximum load hazards specific to your facility.
Caution sign alerts equipment operators to the presence of pedestrians in a given area.
Caution signs warn of forklift traffic. Fast ship available on our most popular signs. See Overview below for details.
Dock and warehouse signs remind drivers that wheel chocks must be used.
Dock and warehouse signs remind drivers to use wheel chocks before loading or unloading.
Stop sign design offers critical safety reminders for equipment operators in a warehouse or dock.
No idling sign offers critical reminder for equipment operators and drivers. Fast ship available on our most popular signs. See Overview below for details.
Dock and warehouse signs remind drivers to set wheel chocks before loading or unloading.
Dock and warehouse sign reminds a truck driver that engine must be turned off, brakes must be set and wheel chocks must be used.
Dock and warehouse sign reminds a truck driver that engines must be turned off, brakes must be set and wheel chocks must be used.
Dock and warehouse signs remind drivers to use wheel chocks and turn off engines before loading or unloading.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.737818
Retrieved Text: Infinity Cable Products offers Free local pickups to customers ordering online and are in range of our headquarters. We are located in Carson, Ca in the middle of Los Angeles and Orange County. We are open Monday through Friday 8:00am - 4:00pm for will call hours. Save time and money by ordering online and having your item ready for pickup at our will call dock located to the left side of the building. Please have your confirmation invoice or email ready to show our staff. We thank you for choosing infinity Cable Products and look forward to seeing you.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.707119
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 06:15:23 pm at 04/24/2019 06:15:23 pm in Bedroom Playhouse.
bedroom playhouse playhouse bed playhouse bed pictures of kids beds bedroom stylish deluxe bunk single decor a pottery playhouse bed bedroom playhouse ideas for girls the playhouse designs for kids bedroom playhouse ideas for girls the playhouse designs for kids throughout playhouses for girls.
purple bunk bed playhouse bunk bed playhouse loft bed purple purple , childrens bedroom playhouse in attic with windows raised day bed childrens bedroom playhouse in attic with windows raised day bed drawers underneath legos table western theme primary colors pillows stock photo, tent bunk bed playhouse tent bunk bed w slide blue white on natural tent , playhouse loft bed pottery barn kids , diy playhouse bed unique hardscape design playhouse designs for kids diy playhouse bed, playhouse bed amazoncom donco kids tlrp series bed twin rustic pearl, pirate ship bunk bed ship bunk bed little bunk bed playhouse unique pirate ship bunk bed ship bunk bed little bunk bed playhouse unique bedroom pirate ship bunk bed little ship pirate, kids playhouse bed playhouse bed with a deck area design ideas kids playhouse bed playhouse beds kids bed design designs bathroom room playhouse beds for design ideas kids playhouse bed , amazoncom alaterre addison junior loft bed with tent and playhouse amazoncom alaterre addison junior loft bed with tent and playhouse kitchen dining, ana white chloes purple playhouse bed diy projects chloes purple playhouse bed, new savings on addison cinnamon finish junior loft bed blue tent addison cinnamon finish junior loft bed

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.651703
Retrieved Text: Our Cartagena - Spain cruise port guide gives you information about the docking location, cruise dock, transportation options and much more!
Welcome to the cruise port guide Cartagena – Spain. This charming city on the Costa Calida (meaning “Warm Coast”) used to be one of the most influential Carthaginian and Roman cities in current Spain. The remains of this glorious time still stands in the city today which makes it a unique city to explore. Go by foot to visit the castle, ruins and museums to get a sense of what this city was all about. Other than your historical city Cartagena is also a gorgeous city to enjoy shopping and gastronomy. Read about where your ship will dock in the Cartagena cruise port guide underneath.
This is Cartagena’s cruise dock, which lies in front of Cartagena’s marina.
There are not a lot of facilities at the cruise dock. Typically only your shore excursion busses and tourist information is waiting for you on the dock.
Find the tourist information in the blue booths.
Just outside of the gates of the cruise dock is where you will find the taxis. Their rates are posted in port.
When you step off the dock you will walk down this boulevard to the city center. Turn left at the end to continue to the city center.
Most cruise ship will dock at the Cartagena’s marina, which is right near the center of town. If two ships are in port another dock will be made available on the south side of the harbour. In this case a shuttle

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.638245
Retrieved Text: Ships ahoy as you arrive and board your cruise with Coquitlam Cruise Ship Transfer Limo Service.
Your vacation begins now: from the moment we arrive at your home to pick up you and collect your luggage to the moment we say goodbye to you at the cruise ship terminal.
Choosing our cruise ship transfers service provides you with a hassle-free means of simply packing your bags, pouring a travel mug of coffee and waiting for us to arrive. Our prompt and friendly chauffeur service will have you at the dock in no time! Our company and all of it's limo drivers have previously cleared the necessary Port of Vancouver background and security checks needed to get you to the front of the line. Our chauffeur will drop you off at the luggage check-in so there's no dreaded luggage handling around the cruise ship terminal.
Upon docking back into Vancouver, you will be provided with instructions on how to reach the commercial vehicle pick up area to wait for your limousine. Once there, please use the designated telephone to make contact with the Limousine Holding area. Then, your chauffeur will connect with Port Authority and be given access to the commercial area to greet you. The Coquitlam Limos chauffeur will attend to all of your luggage and belongings. After that, it's feet up, music on and time to tweet about being back in Vancouver after your fantastic cruise vacation.
Setting sail soon and want more info? Call us to talk Cruise Ship Transfer Limousine services?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.588194
Retrieved Text: The Navy released a stunning aerial photo of the San Diego-based USS Essex underway in the Gulf of Aden off the horn of Africa.
The amphibious assault ship left San Diego unannounced in July along with the amphibious transport dock USS Anchorage and dock landing ship USS Rushmore.
The ready group with the embarked Camp Pendleton-based 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit includes 5,000 Marines and sailors.
The photo taken Wednesday by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Matthew Freeman is an “image of the day” on the Navy’s website. It shows the Essex underway with helicopters, tiltrotors and jets lining its flight deck. The elevator for lifting aircraft from the hanger deck is visible at the lower right.
The Essex is the first San Diego-based assault ship to carry the new F-35B vertical-takeoff stealth jet, and six of the new planes are visible at the lower left.
The Navy said the Essex is operating in the U.S. 5th Fleet area to ensure maritime stability and security in the Central Region and its strategic choke points.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.56959
Retrieved Text: Paris: Tens of thousands of French well-wishers waved goodbye to the largest cruise ship in the world as it set sail on its maiden voyage to the U.K. after 32 months in a French shipyard.
The $1 billion Harmony of the Seas cut a gargantuan silhouette Sunday as it left the western port town of Saint-Nazaire. At 362 meters (1,187 feet) long, the 16-deck ship is bigger than the Eiffel Tower and holds the record for being the widest cruise ship ever built — boasting a 6,360-passenger capacity.
It’s been compared to a floating city with more than 2,500 staterooms, 20 dining venues, 23 swimming pools and a park with more than 10,000 plants and 50 trees. The Harmony of the Seas is expected in Southampton on Tuesday, before its inaugural voyage on May 22 to Barcelona.

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: Context: After Sydney cut her nails, Sasha decided to get her hair done and go on a date.

Question: What will Sasha do after getting her nails cut?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: make a date for her hair

B: wanted to serve

C: get her hair done

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.989418
Retrieved Text: “You Get the Best Customer Service Ever!” – You get friendly, young smiling faces coupled with determination to make you happy and satisfied.
Location, Location, Location! – Bombshell is conveniently located on Rt. 350, 999 Tyrone Pike, in Philipsburg, PA. We have plenty of off road parking and are ADA Accessible.
Full Service Salon –Cuts, Styling, Formal Styles, Perms, Corrective Work, Highlights, Low Lights, Balayage, Color Melt, Hot Head Extensions, Brazilian Blow Out, Deva Curl Cut & Style, Manicure & Pedicures, Gel Nails, Acrylic Nails, SNS Dipping Powder Nails, Nail Art, Paraffin Dip, Full Body Waxing, Ardell Special Event Lashes, Lash & Brow Tinting, Sugar Lash Lift, Fantasy Spray Tan, SunVision Bed Tan, and Professional Make-Up Application.
Skilled & Talented Professionals – You will get the highest quality work performed on you. Our extensive training and education of techniques, products, and skills gives you ultimate service.
I got my hair done here almost a week go. I wanted to give it a few days before I reviewed to make sure I liked it and I have to say I am extremely pleased. Only one other person in the last like 15 years has properly cut my hair EVENLY. The people are wonderful and the environment is so relaxed. I would recommend this place to everyone! Definitely will be going back.
Thank you for making my Mom feel beautiful. We love her hair and nails, and thank you for the pampering you gave my sister and I while we were waiting. You have a wonderful staff of friendly Women that gave us

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.54947
Retrieved Text: Affordable friendly service from experienced stylists covering all aspects of modern hair-dressing.
Just 5 minutes from Chester City Centre.
Paula has looked after my hair for many years. She is very experienced and does a great job with colour cut and blow drying/styling. Always friendly and pleased to see me. Wouldn't go any where else. Also her prices are very reasonable. Now I can get my nails done while my hair colour is developing and get a cup of tea/coffee. I wish Paula every success in this her new venture.Paula's daughter Georgia is fantastic at head massage as she washes my hair.Bliss!
Excellent friendly service. Professional cut and finish.
I would gladly recommend Paula's services.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.46883
Retrieved Text: This Khmer New Year, we went swimming!
Mom decided to have my hair trimmed today though I only have a little hair! She said that I always sweat profusely that’s why I always get irritated most of the time. So together with Manang Lucre, we headed to my mom’s fave salon, where she always go every week whenever she wants her nails done.
To sum up, I look hip with my boy cut hairstyle as it’s way shorter than what mom expected to become, nevertheless she liked it better so she need not to tie them up throughout the day peace mommy!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.564312
Retrieved Text: Great place to get a hair cut.
Ok just had my face done she was very nice but kind of average sub par but she had long nails that she put on my face and hurt while she trim my beard and she made me do the hot towel instead of her and walking away for a minute it felt like the AirPlane where the flight attendant gives u the towel !!!! She wanted to go home get home then offer a 4 star great service !!!!
"Great place to get a hair cut."
"Terribly slow and terrible service"
"Ok just had my face done she was very nice but kind of average sub par but she had long nails that s"

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.4544
Retrieved Text: Whilst reading our testimonials, why not explore the treatments we offer?
Best place ever! I travel from Leeds just to get my hair done here! Brilliant, friendly & fun.
Best hairdressers & beauty salon in Scarborough!
Lovely friendly salon! I will be back. Absolutely love my nails.
The Sanctuary is a very friendly and professional Salon. The treatment I received from Roxanne second to none and Jenny has been fabulous. I would recommend this great place to anyone.
Love, love, love my hair!!!! Feels and looks so much healthier, thanks to Imogen and Jen for making me blonder.
I had my lashes done today with the lovely Megan. They look fantastic! Definitely recommend her!
Hair rescued after neglecting it for a year!
Amazing Staff who knew just what to do!
Beautiful salon and treatment rooms, all the staff are extremely friendly and professional. I had facial with Charlie; and my skin has never look so radiant and felt so smooth!!!!! I will most definitely be booking in again, by far one of the best facials I’ve ever had!
Can’t recommend this place enough! Just spent a blissful couple of hours having a massage and manicure. Everyone was so friendly and couldn’t do enough to make me feel relaxed and welcome. Thank you ladies, I will most definitely be back!
I always feel nice and relaxed when I visit Sanctuary, my lashes always look amazing thanks to Charlie. I highly recommend visiting here for any hair or beauty treatments.
Been visiting Sanctuary for years now and I can honestly say I’ve always left feeling absolutely delighted. Whether I’ve visited

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.06518
Retrieved Text: **LOVED THIS SALON** This was my first time visiting Salon X Change and it did not disappoint. Booking my appointment online was easy. Confirmation was received almost immediately after booking. I had my hair braided for my upcoming trip and I have to say that Valerie did an AMAZING job! The Stylist were all nice, helpful, professional and not just with customers but with one another which speaks volumes about the work atmosphere. The Salon is very clean with a nice vibe and nice decor. Salon X Change thank you for a great experience. I will be back! I highly recommended Salon X Change. Sincerely a very happily satisfied NEW customer.
Great experience at this salon, the stylist had me in and out and looking good in under two hours. It was my first time there for a relaxer and LaTrina did a wonderful job. Will definitely recommend to others, the salon looks great and is well located too.
I really enjoyed my first experience at Salon X Change with stylist Keisha Dorty. I must say the color she did on my hair looks amazing and the silk press looks fabulous! I received excellent service from both Keisha and her assistant.
I recently had my extensions removed and reinstalled by Keisha. She is nothing short of amazing and a true artist at her craft! I’m so thrilled to have found someone I can trust to keep my hair looking amazing! Love the salon and love the Vibe! I will definitely be back!!
Any place that goes above and beyond is

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.04769
Retrieved Text: We go to the ring and out first comes Sasha Banks. RAW Women’s Champion Alexa Bliss is out next. We get formal ring introductions from JoJo.
They lock up and go at it, taking turns on each other. Sasha takes control but Bliss comes back and hits a cross-body. They trade pin attempts. Bliss ends up taking control and aggressively working Banks over. More offense by Bliss. Bliss holds Sasha’s head, talks trash in her face and slams her to the mat. Bliss goes to the top but Sasha cuts her off with a right. Bliss chokes Banks from the top and drops her to the mat. Bliss goes on and hits double knees for a 2 count.
Bliss also hit a moonsault in that last sequence. She keeps control and goes for another pin attempt. Bliss keeps Sasha grounded now as the referee checks on her. Sasha rolls Bliss up for 2. They get right up and Bliss nails a clothesline for a 2 count. Sasha looks to turn it around in the corner but Bliss chokes her from the corner again. Banks fights her and slams her to the mat. Banks with a sliding knee to the face.
Banks makes a comeback and hits a dropkick plus more offense. Bliss kicks out at 2 and shows some frustration. Bliss looks to come back and talks trash but Banks drops her with a kick. Banks ends up sending the back of Bliss’ head into the turnbuckles. Sasha unloads in the corner and hits double knees for a close

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.586674
Retrieved Text: As always, Coco did a great job cutting my hair. Thank you!
Really friendly and professional service provided by Lee, love my Gel polish!
All the staff are very welcoming.
Had fat freezing today and the service and value for money is amazing ! Aleatha is professional and friendly, she went out of her way to make sure I get the best result. I received 100% care after we discussed my expectations. I am so excited for my results and will be returning for further treatment. I would totally recommend this service.
Been back several times now. Love my gel nails every time and they last the longest without chipping that I have ever had in my life. Lee is lovely too and makes my visit a pleasure. Excellent value for money is a bonus.
Mollie has cut my hair twice now after I was searching for a hairdresser for my pixie hair cut in Sheffield. I'm so happy with my hair and she easily adapted to my hair not laying right and cut it to look perfect. She quickly understood what I wanted for a style and chatted about other options for style and colour in the future to experiment with, I could not recommend her more!
Professional, knowledgeable and kind. Provided great advice of improving condition of my hair. she listened. satisfied with the service. can wait for my hair to be done.
Really good nails at at really good price. Would defo recommend :) they are really well done.
Lee was very welcoming and friendly and I was very pleased with

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.42839
Retrieved Text: Hi! Sign in to let us know how Studio II Loretta's Hair Nails was?
jennifer m. Apr 18 .
I recently got my hair cut and highlighted here. The stylist are up to date on the latest hair fashions. They always do a wonderful job with my cut and highlights. You can also get your manicure done in the same shop. Staff very friendly.
Rosemarie K. Sep 27 .
This hair salon is a very nice place to get your hair cut or styled. You can also get your nails done here. It is a very spacious and very clean salon. The beauticians are very updated on styles and are very friendly. You can usually get an appointment the same day. They also sell a variety of products for your hair. My husband is never disappointed in his hair cut.
If you've been to or used Studio II Loretta's Hair Nails, leave a review.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.245785
Retrieved Text: I loooovveee my hair cut. I had been hesitant to get my 4b hair cut but decided to try Jean-marie after reading the reviews. She is absolutely amazing and told me so much about how to properly take care of my hair. She will not disappoint!
I was so impressed with Jenn-Marie. She gave me a great cut and she really knows her curly hair. She's a great find!
After reading some recommendations on here, I made an appointment with Jenn-Marie, and WOW. I have heat damaged hair somewhere between 3b and 3c, and she definitely knew how to cut it. I came in and showed her some pictures of what I was looking for, and she looked at them and at my hair, and gave me exactly what I wanted! She was very communicative, and made sure that I was happy and sure what was going on the entire time. She suggested that I think about highlights, and wasn't at all pushy. I decided to go for it, and Vanessa gave me some beautiful honey colored highlights that left my hair as soft as before! Wonderful staff, wonderful salon. Definitely a little pricey ($80 for cut, $50 for highlights) but worth every cent. When it's time for a touch-up, I'll be back.
I highly recommend Jenn-Marie. I was fortunate to stumble upon Avant and Jenn-Marie when I first moved to Austin, and I have been loyal to her ever since (~10 years). She knows how to bring the best potential out of curly hair and is comfortable and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.11572
Retrieved Text: The Michelle Kwan Forum > Specialty Shop > Event Archive > MICHELLE WON!!!!
View Full Version : MICHELLE WON!!!!
YES!!! Michelle Won!!! Niomi Nari Nam is falling apart. MICHELLE WON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AND THE CREAM RISES TO THE TOP!!!!!!!
Michelle Won! Oh My! I keep biting my nails when I was watching the whole. It was definitely not the best program of hers, but boy look at her being so determined. Sasha was really good, but I think she have double-footed one of the triple luz. Could someone confirm that??
Sasha is in 2nd place and Sarah is in 3rd.
Oh my God. My heart was pounding so much. Luckily it hasn't aired yet or I probably might have a heart attack. I'm just so thrilled for our 4 time National Champ. Yes! Now it's time for Michelle to get ready for Worlds. With Irina being as consistent as she is right now, Michelle will definitely need to fix that 3loop and go for the 3toe-3toe....but tonight, why it's quite alright to celebrate!
I've been crying since Sasha placed 2nd because all my tensions got loose to find out Michelle WON! You know, like Audrey Weisiger was crying after Michael won. Phew~ I can finally relax that Michelle is once again CHAMPION. I think judges marked very conservatively for Sasha "just in case NNN skate like last year" which did not happen this year.
YESSSSSSSSSS!!!!! I was so happy! I was sooo nervous watching it. Almost couldn't look!
I am spent! I was a mess and the meatballs from dinner met up with the entire box of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.0329
Retrieved Text: Angelina was born with myopathy and has always wanted to be a superstar. Her condition causes her muscles to deteriorate, resulting in muscle weakness, stiffness and cramps. Angelina’s low muscle tone restricts many aspects of her life, but it didn’t stop her from appearing on ABC Denver 7 news.
Angelina always wanted to be a star, and her only wish was to be famous for a day. Kids Wish Network granted her wish by scheduling her to appear on the ABC Denver 7 news to present a live weather forecast. Before her big debut, Angelina got fancied up before her televised appearance. For the first part of her wish, Angelina had an appointment at Hollywood Hair of Fame, a hair salon specializing in glamorous hairstyles. Angelina was ecstatic about her hair makeover. Angelina decided on blue highlights and a trim. Angelina also had her nails done. The store owner made sure to make Angelina feel right at home and had a spread of Angelina’s favorite fast food restaurant Taco Bell along with a fresh veggie platter. Angelina even got to pick a playlist of her favorite music to listen to while she had her hair and nails done.
The next day, A Advantage Limousine picked up Angelina and her family at their house and chauffeured them to the news station. Upon arrival, she was greeted by a massive digital photo of herself on a billboard outside the studio. After seeing the massive picture of herself, Angelina could barely contain her excitement. Once inside the studio, Angelina met with

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.72482
Retrieved Text: Okay, I admit...I'm not a natural blonde, lol! I need a cut & highlights...where in this town would be the best place to go? I am so desperate to get it done!!!
A better you and AFOX...are those in 29?
I've seen AFOX and heard good things about it. That's in 29, for sure.
AFOX is great. I got to Wendy in the back. If you do not request who youwant then you get stuck with just anyone. She is working mainly evenings right now.
A Better You is GREAT! I got a color and cut for $85 by Toni and IT LOOKS AWESOME!
is it super expensive there taysmom?
hey guys, since we're talking about salons.. where is the best place to get your nails/toenails done.. i just moved here and im pretty desperate to get mine done myself lol..
i liked desert queen nails in yucca in the Von shopping center they were great i went to Sassy nails and never again will i go there.
okay, ill give that place a try.. the Von shopping center.. what else do they have? Im still not really familiar with the area.. sorry!
I normally go to Lucky Nails in Yucca Valley, but I only allow Billy or Vivi (sp?) to do my nails. If you want to try that place I'd suggest making an appointment so someone else doesn't try to do your nails. 760-369-8881 It's in the same parking lot as Cheveron, Food 4 Less, and Las Casita.
My suggestion is Belle at Faces Day Spa - awesome and they do military discount. All

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.51534
Retrieved Text: Since I was younger Wednesdays have always been my favorite day of the week, I think mostly because I was halfway done, and felt accomplished! Looking forward to the weekend was obvious, and telling myself I ‘got through’ the beginning of the week made me confident!
Who doesn’t love feeling great about themselves right? It’s very rare these days, but let me tell you, although a lot of confidence focuses on outer appearance and outer imagery; I feel true confidence has to excel from our inner!
I’ve been so happy lately, landing a dream job, enrolling back in school, and becoming so proud that I am soon to be a mother of a 4 year old. Guys A FOUR YEAR OLD, haha – We did it!
A few months back I was given the opportunity to review a supplement from a company who noticed how platinum my hair was. Being blonde is the biggest addiction. The most damaging process is usually followed by a HUGE smile though!
After keeping up with my bold-platinum-look throughout my entire pregnancy with Ivory, I unfortunately (but obviously) had to chop my locks!
The outcome was bright, crisp, and chic! Here is what it looked like!
I decided to start the Nutrafol hair vitamins as soon as I had fresh hair, in order to track my hair growth results!
As the bottle indicated, I took 4 capsules a day with food! I feel it’s always most important and beneficial with food, as I did with my Prenatal vitamins!
I received 2 bottles and just two weeks into the first

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.50621
Retrieved Text: We go right to the ring and out comes WWE RAW Women’s Champion Sasha Banks as JoJo introduces her.
They air a look back at last week’s title change. Fans chant “you deserve it” as Sasha takes the mic. She says she feels like she’s on top of the world right now. She says she had big dreams growing up as she watched her hero Eddie Guerrero. Fans chant for Eddie now. Sasha wishes Eddie a Happy Birthday. She watched Lita and Trish Stratus tear it up in the main event and wanted to be like them. Her dreams came true last week. She put her body on the line and stole the show when she became a two-time champion. Sasha says this isn’t just about her. It’s about the women who came before her, the ones still to come and the little girls at home who want to be like her. Sasha goes on and proposes that Charlotte’s rematch at Hell In a Cell take place inside the Cell. The music hits and out comes Charlotte.
Charlotte walks to the ring but she’s interrupted by Rusev’s music. She stops on the ramp as Lana and Rusev march to the ring. Rusev takes the mic. Charlotte is in the ring now. Rusev says nobody cares about the stupid women’s revolution or the fact that they main evented RAW last week. He goes on until Charlotte snatches the mic. She asks Rusev who the hell he thinks he is. No one disrespects the queen. Charlotte accepts Sasha’s challenge for

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.48433
Retrieved Text: Death is a certainty. It comes in so many forms, ages and types. Young unexpected deaths are hard and young expected deaths can be even harder. When a child and their family knows they are so sick that they are going to die before they get to drive, go to prom, have a first kiss, get married, life becomes something else. Everyone involved suffers. The parents know that they are going to lose their child and know they will never watch that child experience life to adulthood. Siblings suffer, they are going to lose their brother/sister and have to watch it happen and their life is put on hold or disrupted because of this thing hanging in the background everywhere they go. There is not a lot to look forward to so it becomes about making the best of what you are given and not imagine what could have been.
In this case it was a young girl. She had been sick her whole life and she knew she would die young. Like most girls she dreamed of doing what girls her age do, in particular she had always wanted to get married and not just to be married but to wear the beautiful gown and get her hair and nails done, to be the beautiful bride. She understood all the other things she would miss; boyfriends, first kiss, children but it was being a bride she dreamed of most. In the weeks before her death she decided she wanted to be buried in a wedding dress

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.332634
Retrieved Text: I’m heading to Osaka this coming Friday and I needed to get my nails done up so I can look pretty for the trip. Haha. And it means a trip down to One Love Nails to get my trusty Manicurist, Aini to do up my nails.
Love the outcome which looks so sweet!
Got my toes done up in a similar design with just a slightly different color scheme.
Looking for affordable gelish manicure and pedicure with nail art done skillfully? That’s Aini whom you need to look for!
Best to book appointment with her via either Carousell or FB!
I believed many of us ladies often goes for manicure these days. With layers of varnish on our nails, we tend to neglect that our nails are actually looking unhealthy. Especially these days where we usually cover our nails for weeks with the longer lasting gel nails.
How many times do you realized that your nails tend to get thinner and thinner, breaks easily and is very yellow? I’m guess every time we remove the varnish and gel off our nails. And each time we see ugly nails, we cover it with another layer of varnish or gel.
I received the Locycare Nail Gel a week ago and decided to see how will it help my brittle nails that’s slightly yellow and is so soft that it tears easily rather than break.
Here’s how may nails looked like before I started using the nail gel.
And this is one week after using the nail gel. I must say my nails broke on the day I

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.31408
Retrieved Text: They NEVER have enough stylists working. Have come to get haircut at all different times and ALAWYS have to wait more than 45 min. Never have seen more of than 3 people working.
One of the worst haircuts I’ve ever received. I specifically asked for my same haircut (on-file) with exception to the blade size 1 instead of a 2. Michelle decided to proceed with shaving my entire head with a 1! No blend. Chopped my hair on top (picture a military cut) when all I asked for was a light trim on top. When I stopped her mid cut and asked her what she was doing, she looked at me with this dumbfounded look like “what do you mean?”. I explained to her what I asked for and she basically argued with me trying to justify why SHE decided to go with a cut she felt was best for me. After explaining I felt like I should head over to the local PD and/or armed forces recruiter to apply/enlist, she smirked and stated she must have misunderstood but not to worry my haircut was free. Uh, paying for a haircut was the least of my worries at this point. After again trying to justify her style of haircut for me, I interrupted and expressed how embarrassing and ridiculous that I have to argue with a hairstylist on why I feel this cut was horrible. I questioned how long she’s been a hairstylist and employed at this facility? She avoided the questions. I left, aggravated, embarrassed, and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.28287
Retrieved Text: Go to Laney College for a new makeover! These talented students are making waves in the Cosmetology Department under the guidance of great experienced instructors like Sydney Thomas and Elvira Kantorov. From make-up to hair to nails, the Laney College Cosmetology Program will train you to bring out the beauty in anyone. The certificate program also prepares students to pass the Board of Barbering and Cosmetology License Exam.
This is an excellent program taught and supervised under the directions of some of the best qualified instructor in their field. I have been utilizing there services for over a year now. Students are extremely proud of their work. They interact with one another; learn from one another and by all means get the support from thier peers if/when necessary. I am honored t o have one of our own student work on my personal groming/hair. Students have excellent recommendations to give their customers if they determine some area of the head need closer attention. Under the direction of Sydney Thomas, no one is over looked or placed in the corner. Mrs. Sydney is all that… she knows her skills; commands excellence and thus produce excellent beauticians. Instructors work extremely hard in providing tjheir students with adequate materials that will prepare them for the Cosmetology Licensed Board. I am proud to have one of our own … prepare my hair and keep my head looking up-to-date. Thanks for keeping this program !!!
Agree with Dolores here! It’s always been great to get students to interact and gain experience first hand

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.94488
Retrieved Text: Great place to get an old fashioned haircut.
Melissa is a wonderful stylist and an amazing person! I tried other salons but Visions is the best. Don't hesitate to try it!
Do not EVER go to this place that calls themselves a business. Their work is trash and their employees lie and cheat. I stopped by to get a fill-in and I asked for clear gel polish, which I have gotten before and it looked good. If you look at the photo you can see the lady butchered my nails. They are all different shapes and lengths, THERE IS A HAIR IN 2 OF MY NAILS, and the ends hadn't been filed. They looked hideous. I had to be somewhere at 10:30, so I told her I would be back. I came back 30 minutes later and told them I wanted them to fix my nails because they were so ugly. SHE CHARGED ME $15 TO FIX MY NAILS. I told her I shouldn't have to pay because they were SO HORRIBLE [please see photos] She refused, so I just paid the $15 because I didn't want anyone to see my nails looking so disgusting. While he fixed my nails, he grabbed the cuticle clippers from someone else's desk WITHOUT THEM BEING CLEANED. It took him another hour to fix my nails... once he finished he realized he put regular polish with a gel topcoat and we had to start from scratch, which took another hour. I was extremely unhappy with my experience. I asked to speak to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.79334
Retrieved Text: The daughter of a hairdresser decided there had to be a better, faster way to to get the elegant look of a French manicure and pedicure. French Tip Dip is bringing salon-quality tips to women everywhere at home and on a budget.
April spent her childhood days often helping her dad at the salon, sweeping up hair and serving as his favorite guinea pig for testing different styles, perms, color, you name it. But she always had a fascination with nails, and found herself constantly checking out what the nail technicians were doing on the other end of the salon, learning about different techniques and design.
After landing her first job and her first paycheck, the first thing April did was run out and get her nails done. Wanting to maintain the perfect French tips, she was dismayed to realize how expensive her nail habit had become.
Now patented in the USA, UK, Canada, and with one more patent pending in Brazil, the French Dip Tip is enjoying eleven years of success. Reusable and easily cleaned with nail polish remover, it is also made in the USA and has become one of the most innovative secret weapons every woman should have in their beauty arsenal.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.63559
Retrieved Text: "My skin is still feeling the love a week on after the most amazing facial! Cannot wait to come back for more treatments soon."
"This salon is AMAZING!! I rarely visit nail salons because I'm always scared about the quality of service but I came across VIP nails and I won't go a..."
"I absolutely love this place. I keep going back to get my supplies. Thank You ladies at Planet Nails. Cheers Abs"
"Beautiful service, always with a smile. I travel from Sydney to have my hair done here. The best hairdressers I have been to- ever. Will not disappoin..."

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.538536
Retrieved Text: Today was day 4 of the girls Spring Break. It was so cold and windy today….. not crazy about this weather but it’s better than the rain we had yesterday! At least the sun was out today.
Today was Allison’s 7th birthday and she woke up very excited about the day. But not just because it was her birthday but because we were going to Empire Beauty School for a day of Princess makeovers!!! Holly and Allison were 2 of 8 girls, I mean princesses, that were going to get their hair, makeup and nails done!
Holly started with her nails….
Allison got her hair curled….
Holly got the bottom of her hair curled and the top put into a flipped bun. She was getting it all curled and then the girl accidentally burned her ear slightly and she was afraid of the curling iron, which I couldn’t blame her so she decided she was done with the curls. It worked out fine because it looked really nice. Her ear is okay, by the way.
Allison loved getting her makeup done… I think it was her favorite part!
She looked beautiful with her red lips and pink eyes!
And Holly choose some blue eye shadow and also red lips. So beautiful!
After their makeovers, we headed to Orange Leaf for a yummy treat. The girls filled their buckets .. I mean bowls with ice cream. It was crazy how much they put in there and they charge by the ounce. Next time I’m filling up the bowls! But it was delicious.
And to end the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.519596
Retrieved Text: *Any texts or emails sent to me on the weekend will be returned on Monday! I take this time to enjoy being with my family, thank you for understanding!
-(Validating half off garage parking!!) Garage is directly behind the salon, or you can park at a meter on side streets! If you book a bigger service please park in garage as meters only cover 3hrs.
Welcome! First off, I just want to tell you I LOVE my job because as a loft owner I can provide my clients with a great hair experience in a personal setting. Within my 12 years of experience in the industry, I have worked for some of the top salons. My certifications include, Paul Mitchell Cutting Systems, Paul Mitchell,Redken & Pravana color specialist & 901 Academy in LA.(2019) I was also choosen to be a RAW Artist for Columbus. I specialize in Balayage, Blonding, and customs colors.
In 2007, I spent time in Paris and London to further my education and training and completed Toni & Guy Hair Academy in Paris, France. My work has been published in Hair Gallery Magazine in 2008 & 2009 and I had the pleasure of working with amazing platform artists in Paris & London!
As a stylist, education is very important to me and it is key to always be up to date on the latest styles, trends, and techniques to best suit each and every client.
I love making my clients look & feel more beautiful. It is very essential to me to share my knowledge with you on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.163666
Retrieved Text: How Can I Go A Cut Above Hair Studio?
Where is A Cut Above Hair Studio in Las Vegas on the Map?
The best service here at A Cut Above Beauty Salon Las Vegas. Gina puts her heart and soul in every hair cut she has given me and always does and excellent job at it. She is always very attentive and i tell all of my friends about her. I highly recommend A Cut Above Beauty Salon!
It is really hard finding a great place to get your haircut when you're new to the area. I found this place online, and I haven't wanted to look for anywhere else to get my haircut. Every appointment has ended with me leaving with a smile and loving my hair.
I was nervous about getting my hair done. Being a military spouse and always moving it makes it hard to find a place to get your hair done when you may have had failed experiences in other locations. I was seen by Emily and she was very understanding, she took the time to listen to what I wanted instead of jumping into it and we worked together to figure out my best style. She did a great job and asking to get my eyebrows done last minute was a stretch. I had another young woman do my eyebrows while my toner set and they came out awesome. I was glad to be in an environment where the stylists work together. The 20% discount for first time clients didn't hurt either but their

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.117134
Retrieved Text: Bridal prep’ began in Lady Elton’s room, which was coincidentally decorated in the colours of the day – green & white. Emma got her hair and makeup done, while downstairs Callum was greeting guests, who were being welcomed in to the sound of the harpist.
Emma’s bridesmaids got ready into beautiful, long, teal gowns, as Emma changed into a simply stunning Prenovias dress. She looked so elegant with a classic up-do, topped off with a sparkly hair piece & veil. Callum was dressed in a handsome, dark blue Slaters suit, accessorised with a blue tie and awesome pair of blue & brown brogues.
The ceremony began and it was clear to see that it touched the hearts of many in the room, as well as Callum & Emma who got a little teary-eyed. After the I do’s, family & friends made their way outside and formed a tunnel, ready to shower the newlyweds with plenty of confetti. Although it was sprinkling outside, nobody was fazed, which is honestly the best way to deal with a spot of rain at a wedding.
The wedding breakfast took place in the venue’s conservatory, which had heaps of natural light flooding in and looked just gorgeous. The room looked very classic & traditional, and was decorated with heaps of baby’s breath flowers. Speeches came before the food, and Callum, Emma’s dad & the best man did a fantastic job.
After dinner and dessert, Callum, Emma & I went out for a walk along the vast grounds for some bride & groom photos. They looked

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.00851
Retrieved Text: Well the weekend of August 10th mama Sasha finally blew her post-pregnancy coat! Sasha did blew her coat right about the time the puppies were 10 weeks old (6 months ago) and she really lost too much fur then which the vet said was normal due to all the raging hormones fighting in her body at that time. This was the first full-normal blow since the puppies were born and weaned. Sasha also gained an enormous amount of weight during her gestation and the pups weaning, she went from about 45 lbs. to 67-69 lbs. at her peak weight. During weaning she gained back all the puppy weight she lost during the delivery. We have been fighting hard since then to get her weight under control - with our vet agreeing that she should lose at least 7-12 lbs. and us wanting her to lose more like 12-18 lbs. at least. Sasha, and all our Sibes, eat a diet based on BARF and some lightly cooked meats with raw or lightly cooked vegetables added in and sometimes fruit or vegetable pulp leftover from juicing. We also give our Sibes daily supplements of Zinc (25 mg.), Vitamin E (400 i.u. only every other day), Garlic Extract (equivalent 600 mg. Garlic), and Flaxseed Oil (1,000 mg.). Because of the raw bones we seldom need to add supplemental calcium to our Siberian’s diets. I have included 3 shots showing how we use human men's combs to remove almost the entire blowing coat in just one setting, we don’t use

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.004673
Retrieved Text: Amelia, a Girlguiding member of the Puckpool Park Rainbow Section, had long blonde hair. Thinking of others who had lost their hair, perhaps through illness or other health condition, she found out about The Little Princess Trust. Her mum and Aunty Danny did their best to explain about the trust and what they did and a few days later, after a lot of thinking, it would seem, Amelia asked her mum if she would have to shave her head to donate her hair!
Once her mum had told her you didn’t have to shave your head she got excited and decided she would like to have her hair cut off and donate it. Amelia then decided to have her long hair cut into a new shoulder length style.
They have now headed to the hairdressers and ask that any contribution to her efforts would be greatly appreciated. To date Amelia’s fundraising is on its way to £300 for the charity.
Please Donate through JustGiving as it is simple, fast and totally secure.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.931263
Retrieved Text: Janet Torelli is a veteran hairdresser and has been published many times, including the cover of Modern Salon magazine. She continually takes advanced color, cutting and styling courses to keep her skills updated. Because of her successful relationship with Aveda, she had the experience of performing on stage for Aveda Congress. She has also provided hairstyling for headshots, fashion shows and tv commercials.
Most recently, Janet was chosen to assist backstage for Reem Acra at fashionweek NY 2012 through haircare sponsor, Rene Furterer.
My hair is STILL fab from Friday; looking forward to the new products and new curls! Great to meet you! thank you so much.
Hi Janet!! [My] hair looks awesome. It is so easy to maintain. My hair looks like it was professionally groomed everyday. Every one at work loved the cut and asked me about you. You did such an amazing job of cutting it, I won't let anyone else touch my hair ever again. Thank you so much. I am smiling everyday!!!!!
Janet is the person to go to. She really understands hair and explains why she does what she does. I will never go anywhere else. Besides she's fun and you can find other quirky stuff at her salon, like her handmade silver creations and wonderful candles.
This review is a little overdue, but I must share what I wonderful experience I had with Janet back in February. I had purchased a Lifebooker certificate for highlights/cut, but decided I wanted to try something new, the ombre coloring style. Janet was kind enough to work with

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.87669
Retrieved Text: There&apos;s more to keeping kids clean and well groomed than just a nightly bath. Their fingernails need trimming, their hands are constantly dirty, and then there&apos;s the hair. Kids&apos; hair is such a defining feature, of course you want it to look nice -- but what toddler wants to sit still to have his hair brushed, much less cut? Here&apos;s a guide to these hair-raising issues (just kidding -- with our tips, they&apos;re no big deal!) and more.
How often should you shampoo? A daily bath is fine if it&apos;s part of your regular routine, but your child doesn&apos;t need a shampoo every day, according to Cozy Friedman, founder of Cozy&apos;s Cuts for Kids in New York City and creator of So Cozy hair products. Shampooing twice a week, three times max, is adequate. More than that, and hair may become limp and flat.
Another common mistake: using too much shampoo. A nickel-size dollop is enough. If your child&apos;s hair is getting tangled or becoming dry, it could be time to switch shampoos. Older children may have different hair needs, requiring products with moisturizer or conditioner.
Washing hands regularly is an important habit to instill in kids -- not only does it keep them clean, but it prevents kids from getting sick. To help your child do it right -- and not just go through the motions -- make the process as easy as you can.
Get a step stool so he can reach the sink.
Choose a soap that comes in a dispenser that&apos;s easy for him to operate and

================



======= Instance Index 32 =========
Input Text: Context: Cameron flew on a plane because he figured he would get there faster than driving.

Question: What will Cameron want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: buy a ticket

B: get back on the plane

C: find a hotel

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.135258
Retrieved Text: Ballons fly with us !
Simms 6 am. Shortly after I took off I could see John driving into the field and when I came back 40 minutes later Paul and Marek were setting up. I followed John from above while he cruised the golf courses from about 100 feet. Paul was having a hard time getting up but finally slowed down and made a great launch.
I changed the jet to 150 ,it seems to have corrected the problem and the motor is running up much faster.
On the second flight I watched a balloon fight to land in our field. He wasn’t able to get over to us so he set down in the field to the West and relaunched after a few minutes and landed in the park to the west and a tad bid south. I guess he did that to avoid cutting the fence to get his crew into the first field.
Much better. Same conditions same wing but this time I used some power on landing and it was much better. There were some issues. First the motor is bogging at full throttle, it runs fine up to 5900 rpm but anything over that causes the motor to stutter and lose thrust. The left side brake toggle has a half twist which looks to have been there since it was last tied. I don’t know how I’ve flown it this long with out noticing, it’s not really a problem as long as I’m careful when I’m setting up..
Windy and bumpy. Flew the 26 meter

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.112064
Retrieved Text: RAY: This is from my back-to-school series.
On Tommy's most recent departure from his senses, he bought himself a WW1 vintage biplane, the kind he flew when he was a boy. His purpose was to fly this plane from One Horse, Nevada, to the nearest town, distance and name unknown.
Now this paragon of aeronautical engineering can fly twenty times faster than Tommy can walk. So he takes off and starts flying. When he reaches the halfway point, he lands the plane. And, get this, he sees a guy walking with a jackass.
Tommy says, 'You can have the plane, give me the jackass.' Even though the jackass can travel only half as fast as Tommy can walk, Tommy completes the journey on the jackass, with his fine Italian loafers never touching the ground.
Here's the question: If Tommy had traveled the whole distance on foot, no plane, no jackass, would this odyssey from One Horse have taken less time, more time or the same amount of time?
RAY: Here's the answer. If Tommy had traveled the whole distance on foot, no plane, no jackass, this odyssey from One Horse would have taken him less time.
RAY: And here's why. The trip on the jackass used up exactly the same amount of time that the whole trip would have taken on foot, because the jackass goes only half as fast as Tommy can walk. So the jackass used up X amount of time, and walking would have used up the same amount of time. So the plane trip had to have made

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.594128
Retrieved Text: Howdy! At the beginning of October, I was surprised with an amazing opportunity. I got to take my very first flight lesson! That's right, I flew a plan! It was mine and Island Boy's one-year anniversary and he surprised me with a discovery flight. Basically, I got to help take off and then a few basic flying fundamentals. It was so much fun! Also scary. It was a lot like when you are learning to drive for the first time and then your driving instructor tells you to go out onto the highway. Terrifying at first, but once you're finished you just want to start again!
When we reached our destination of the airport initially, it was very crowded because there were some naval fighter planes on display. The funny part about those planes was that the previous day when I was at the architecture studio we all heard a very loud noise. My classmates and I then gathered around the window thinking a plane was about to crash because not only are those jets loud on their own but Langford amplified the sound. We thought we should hide until we realized what the sound was. Its pretty funny to think about now.
Once we met with the pilot, who was super nice, cool, and laid back, we got situated in the Cessna. It was pretty comfortable! He showed me all the different controls and then we taxied over to the runway. It took at least half an hour to get clearance to take off because there were

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.643517
Retrieved Text: I usually plan to arrive at RDU about an hour before my flight and always make it through security in plenty of time. Has anyone flown out recently? With the heightened security in place since Christmas, I'm wondering how much additional time I should allow for my flight on Friday morning. I don't want to miss my plane, and I also don't want to be sitting at the gate for two hours because I got there too early!
My husband flew out last Monday morning, gave himself 2hr and had at least an hour to sit and read. He said it was not any longer than normal.
Same here. Flew out of RDU on Jan.3rd. No different than any other time.
Flew from RDU to Heathrow last week - no different than usual. Leave an hour/ hour and a half just for parking traffic etc & you should be fine.
I've flown out of RDU several times in the past year and never had to wait in security lines. I can be from my place in Brier Creek to my flight's gate in 20 minutes if I'm getting dropped off. Very convenient.
I dropped hubby off last Sunday a little over an hour (1:15 tops) before his flight. He had no problems.
Thanks everyone for the input! RDU is usually quite easy to fly out of, so I just wanted to see if anything had changed. I may have the cab pick me up 15-20 minutes earlier just to be safe. I should post the same question in the NY forum on

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.505497
Retrieved Text: 28 Fecking Cool Facts About "Almost Famous"
Never take it seriously, if ya never take it seriously, ya never get hurt, ya never get hurt, ya always have fun, and if you ever get lonely, just go to the record store and visit your friends.
1. The roles of Russell Hammond and Penny Lane were originally set to go to Brad Pitt and Sarah Polley.
Polley dropped out to work on her own project, a low-budget Canadian movie The Law of Enclosures, and Pitt, for whom writer/director Cameron Crowe had written the part of the "guitarist with mystique," worked with Crowe for months before finally admitting, according to Crowe, "I just don't get it enough to do it."
2. The original title for Almost Famous was actually Untitled, however Dreamworks would not allow this, so Cameron Crowe called the DVD bootleg edition Untitled instead.
3. Peter Frampton taught Billy Crudup how to play the guitar in preparation for the concert scenes.
4. The film's production took 92 days.
5. Philip Seymour Hoffman's schedule only permitted him to be on set for four days, and he had the flu the whole time.
6. To look like a real rock band, the four actors in Stillwater rehearsed for four hours a night, five nights a week, for six weeks.
7. Penny Lane asks William if he'd like to go to Morocco with her. He says, "Yes... Ask me again." According to director Cameron Crowe, "Ask me again" was Patrick Fugit stepping out of character and asking Kate Hudson to repeat her lines for another take.
But Crowe liked

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.271305
Retrieved Text: My Dad adored and doted on his family. He and my Mother were married for 62 years. They raised two daughters, my sister Debbie and me. Dad worked as a rural mail carrier to support “his girls.” If the budget didn’t afford us something we wanted, Dad would make it by hand or pick up another job for a while. We weren’t spoiled, just lavishly loved.
One of the few things Dad did just for himself was to fulfill his dream to fly small planes. I remember Dad working and studying hard to pass his pilot’s exam. He rented a plane at first and flew whenever he could. He eventually owned his own plane with my brother-in-law and another pilot. He loved to take people up in the air and share the big blue sky with them. One of his favorite things to do was fly to a neighboring state for breakfast on Saturday mornings.
Dad developed some heart problems a few years ago was unable to renew his pilot’s license afterward. It bothered Mom probably more than it did Dad because she knew what flying meant to him. But, Dad wasn’t one to look back with regret. When a door closed, he chose to walk straight ahead to new possibilities rather than lingering in the past.
When we were kids Dad would “fly over” our house. We all got quite a thrill when we heard the plane coming. Dad would circle the plane over and tip his wings from side to side. We would run out in the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.027138
Retrieved Text: For he swore that he would never take a spill.
To carry all the pieces down the hill.
When he caught an edge of his ski.
But the slopes, they were faster.
That's the last of Super Skier we shall see.
Well, he hollered, "What the hell!"
He figured there was nothing more to learn.
Assuming that he'd never have to turn.
When a mogul flipped him in the air.
And two one-legged skiers left from there.
He was moving twice as fast.
Both halves were skimming moguls like a feather.
How can I ever keep my knees together?"
'Cause both of them, you see, were running freer.
Said, "It's a bird." "No, it's a plane." "It's Super Skier!"
For all you sundeck Charlies, there's still hope.
But don't let people catch you on the slope!
And let's get Charlie off the M. T. A.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.96259
Retrieved Text: Toddler Child and I are in Arizona. We flew here on Thursday and return to Utah later this afternoon. I'm here primarily to visit my grandmother - Mamaw - and I have Toddler Child with me because I lost the bet. We're staying with Mom and Dad and things are going fine, although I'm tired.
I'll post more about my time with Mamaw when I get home. She's failing but it was wonderful to see her.
Toddler Child has a cold. [Of course. I'm traveling alone with him.] He developed symptoms about 20 minutes after we got off the plane in Phoenix. This was after he spent the flight yelling, "Captain! I need some orange juice! Captain! Caaaaptain!"
Mom let me borrow her car to run to the store to get cold medicine. I'll make this short. I hit the house. Backed right into it. In my defense, my car beeps when I get too near something [like a house] when I'm in reverse. Her's does not. My car has large windows and excellent visibility. She drives a tiny convertible -- like a clown car -- with small windows and poor visibility. It's like driving with a bag over your head.
I pulled the car back into the garage and entered the house to confess, only after contemplating if Mom and Dad would notice the damage to the car... and... the house. I couldn't fly this one under radar.
"Hey, Mom." She looked up from her spot on the floor playing with Toddler Child. "I hit the house. Sorry."
I'm a terrible

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.73595
Retrieved Text: WEST MIFFLIN --�To board the Memphis Belle, duck through its narrow passageways, feel the propellers roar to life and eventually glide into the air is more than just a plane ride. It�s a flight back in time.
The original Memphis Belle�s crew was the first B-17 crew to complete 25 missions over Europe during World War II with all of the men returning unharmed. The 70th anniversary of the plane�s historic mission was May 17.
The original plane is awaiting restoration, but the nonprofit Liberty Foundation has helped to preserve another B-17 of the era. That plane, which is leased to the foundation, was hired for use in filming the 1990 movie �Memphis Belle� and was painted with the Memphis Belle scheme, which it still bears to this day.
World War II veteran Charles Keller, who flew with the 457th Bomb Group, said it was �statistically impossible� to survive 25 missions. Yet, the crew of the Memphis Belle managed to do it, propelling them into history�s archives.
Keller and veteran George Cahill were at the Allegheny County Airport on Monday to fly on the Memphis Belle and reminisce about some of their experiences.
Cahill, 88, of Mount Lebanon, was a bombardier who flew 28 missions during the war with the 8th Air Force. Only one of those missions found him flying as a tail gunner. �It�s more fun to see where you�re going than where you�ve been,� Cahill joked.
Cahill said he doesn�t remember the destination of his very first mission. �Everybody�s scared, of course,� he said. Cahill said everyone had something

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.614746
Retrieved Text: The 1913 “Lark of the Lake” water carnival was an “extended version” of a similar event hosted by the Duluth Boat Club from 1907 to 1916. What began as a one night “Venetian Fete” grew into an annual event that drew thousands. But the 1913 Lark was arguably the biggest ever held, with activities planned for every weekend from June 27 to August 2. Its biggest draw was that flying boat.
The boat was actually a Benoist Model XIV hydroaeroplane. A biplane whose front fuselage was designed as a boat’s hull, it was powered by a two-stroke, six-cylinder engine capable of 75 horsepower and speeds of 65 miles per hour. It weighed 1,250 pounds, stretched 26 feet in length and had a wingspan of 44 feet. The boat’s official name was Benoist No. 43, but it would become better known in the Zenith City as the Lark of Duluth.
On May 9 of that year, local newspapers announced that William D. “Gasoline Bill” Jones, a Duluth auto enthusiast, had purchased a $5,000 Benoist plane designed to take off and land on the water. Jones had no flying experience, so the plane was shipped to Duluth (unassembled) along with mechanic James Smith and Tony Jannus, holder of many early flight records and perhaps the most well-known pilot in the U.S. at the time. Smith would assemble the plane; Jannus would teach Jones how to fly it.
Two days later prominent Duluthians were lining up to be passengers, including Duluth News Tribune cartoonist R. D. Handy, Oliver Mining attorney (and Lark

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.384636
Retrieved Text: First he tried to get me to sign up for his natural home health care pyramid business-I declined as nicely as possible.
Then he took a nap.
Then all of the sudden the pain in his eyes must have affected his brain because he decided to come up with an idea how he could sneak contact lens solution on the plane when he traveled home in a couple of days. He told me that what made sense was to just put some in a plastic bag and tape it to his leg. Because the metal detector wouldn't pick up on it and he could easily sneak it on.
At this point I was already looking nervously around to make sure that no flight attendants were standing nearby hearing this, because I was sure it was a forbidden topic---And then.....you guessed it he started saying "Of course I don't understand why those guys who were making the bombs didn't do that. You could easily go into the bathroom and untape the bags and mix the stuff together to make a bomb. If you wanted to bomb a plane that is all you have to do. In fact it would probably only take a couple of bags of stuff to make a bomb. Really bombing a plane probably isn't that hard"
I told him to shut up! He just kept going! I promise you that man said the word "bomb" at least thirteen times before Katarina saved me by wanting to ask for some of my Sprite....and then I pretended to sleep,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.35725
Retrieved Text: I just finished reading Flying 7 Continents Solo, by Harry R. Anderson. He is only the fifth pilot to fly solo in a single-engine aircraft to all seven continents. Because it’s my dream to fly my family around the world, I read the book to get some perspective and insight from someone who has flown himself around the world in small airplane.
For the above trip, Harry flew his small airplane, a Lancair Columbia (averages 165 knots), nearly 25,000 miles in 164 days (although he hung out in the U.K. for 81 days to hang out with old friends). In all, he said such a trip would require about $50,000 and 3 months to complete.
Harry has a PhD in engineering and is an entrepreneur. So I appreciated his perspective on many levels. His scientific orientation undoubtedly helped him to describe his journey with great detail. The book contains an appendix with several spreadsheets, aviation terms, and enumerated procedures on how to get permission to fly into, out of, or over particular countries.
English is the standard language for aviation communication around the world. So Harry didn't have too many troubles communicating with air traffic controllers. There were a few instances in India and South America where local controllers spoke little to no English, but he was able to understand just enough to complete his flights.
Also, while Harry seemed to have a great time flying himself around the world, I couldn’t help but wonder if he was lonely during the trip. He is not married and I don’t think

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.959957
Retrieved Text: I like sticking my foot under the tire of a car backing up and let them feel the hump as they drive over my foot. Most forgot I am a peg and when they run my foot over they jump out of the car to see if I am OK or not. Sometimes I will fake it that it hurt and other times if I see it in there eyes like, I am going to get you for that, I just smile.
One of the guys at a job I have got me back years ago. I put my foot under the car he was test driving for a bad front end, He was a little faster witted than I thought, He was backing up the car and going forward so I thought I would mess with him. soooo I put my foot out and he felt the car rise because he got on top of my foot he could see I was there and figured I was up to something "Again" so he STOPPED right on top of my foot, got out of the car with the keys in his hands and left me there. Everone was laughing over that one and giving him an adda boy for that one. I just popped my release pin and hopped away and went back to my parts dept. The customer comes to get their car and can see there is a pegleg under the tire. They knew we were up to messing around again... I finally got my

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.917496
Retrieved Text: What goes up must come down. What goes down sometimes comes up.
Perhaps you may know that I have an interest in aviation and have had getting a pilot’s license on my “to do” list for a while. However, I never seem to get this far enough up the list to really do anything about it other than talk to friends who are already pilots.
In a break playing racquetball last week with one of my regular partners, Justin, we got chatting. I knew he designed flight simulators and we got talking about where he had gone to college. When he told me that he had done his undergrad at the Air Force Academy, I asked him if he had been a pilot. Justin said yes – he used to fly F4 Phantom jets. When I asked if he still flew, he said that flying powered aircraft like a Cessna really didn’t hold any interest (kind of like driving a Yugo after you’re used to driving a Lamborghini), but that he continued to fly gliders, also known as soaring. Since there is no engine involved (once you’ve been towed up), it is man vs. nature and a kind of pure flying.
Justin told me the club is in Briggs, Texas, about an hour northwest of Austin and that the first weekend of each month they have a demo day where you can take a relatively inexpensive flight with a flight instructor. So this weekend I made the trek out 183 to find the Fault Line Fliers airfield, which was

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.901455
Retrieved Text: A small balsa wood glider such as those found in variety stores and grocery stores or a simple paper airplane that would demonstrate the idea of gliding.
Can you imagine a time when there were no airplanes? One hundred years ago most people had never seen anything fly other than a bird oran insect, but people have always dreamed of flying.
Later, people flew hot air balloons and after that there were larger balloons that had engines and propellers and these were calledairships.
It wasn’t until two men, Orville and Wilbur Wright becameinterested in flight that the idea of people flying in the air began to seem possible. These two men read every book they could find on flying and they also began to experiment with gliders.
The first plane they built (1903) was a biplane (two wings on each side) and Orville Wright could lie on the lower wing and control the plane. This small plane had a gasoline engine and it only flew a short distance (120 feet). Orville Wright became the first person to fly an airplane.
Now we have large jet airplanes that carry many passengers and planes that fly faster than the speed of sound. Without all the work and preparation that went on before we would not have the airplanes that we see flying in our skies today. Those small gliders prepared the way for larger and more powerful planes to be built.
In the Bible John the Baptist talks about preparing for thearrival of Jesus. John the Baptist came to tell the people about Jesus

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.60558
Retrieved Text: An airplane story because a friend reminded me of this one.
Long ago, of course, I worked for the president of a manufacturing company. It was a small, family owned plant and we employees worked as much for the family as for the company. Fred, the maintenance man, took care of the owner’s house, too, as I recall.
Jack, the president was a pilot, and always on the lookout for a plane to buy. I remember something about a French aerobatic plane coming in, about the time I left. During the time I was there Jack bought a bi-plane. I never flew in that plane, but I was the spotter one Sunday afternoon when he and the Red Baron, who also owned a bi-plane, challenged each other to a fight. I was engaged to be on the ground and see who hit whom with a roll of toilet paper.
But, this is about Jack and his wife flying the plane to the big fly-in in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. Before he left for that trip from Northeastern Ohio, Jack wanted to practice spotting omni’s and flying through air traffic. So, one afternoon he took me along in the Cessna for the shake down.
We left from the little airport near the plant and flew all the way to Oberlin to locate the omni. I can no longer find any reference to these flying clues to confirm what I saw. They were obelisks, like the George Washington monument, not quite as large. In some way they provided visual reference for pilots of small

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.435467
Retrieved Text: "I can do more from Canada than at Rikers," Adam Tang told me over the phone minutes ago, the first official admission from Afroduck that he flew the coop and escaped to Canada while facing charges of reckless driving. He also claims he was tipped off that the jury was rigged against him.
Yesterday, a jury found Afroduck guilty of reckless driving and reckless endangerment in the 2nd degree, all for driving around Manhattan faster than anyone else before. He covered just over 24 miles in just over 24 minutes, posted a video of himself doing it, and incurred the wrath of two city administrations. There was a manhunt, a throw-the-book-at-him trial, and now Afroduck claims they're going after his wife.
Afroduck fled the country after his last appearance in court, on Monday. He told me that he received a Skype call later in the day from someone claiming to be a friend of a juror. This Skype caller said that the jury was going to make a "political example" out of him.
One juror did admit to make an example out of Tang, as stated in the New York Time's report on the guilty verdict.
A second juror, Damascus Sookbirsingh, 61, said he at first was inclined to acquit Mr. Tang, because he had stopped at traffic lights and seemed to be an adept driver. But Mr. Sookbirsingh said other jurors persuaded him that Mr. Tang had taken unacceptable risks and that a message needed to be sent. "This is basically to set an example," he said.
"What kind of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.370338
Retrieved Text: I flew to South Africa. There is no easy way to get there - either a long flight to the mideast and then another long flight to SA, or - you can now fly non-stop from Atlanta on Delta! I figured that must be the better choice. Never did I thin that they would put a plane with the tightest seat layout on a 16-hour flight! I was crushed with my legs angled sideways for 16 hours - it was HORRIBLE!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.312273
Retrieved Text: Huh, why is Nate selling his plane?
I see that the ebay Cozy project posted recently is reduced to $6000, i.e., this one. https://www.canardzone.com/forums/topic/21972-sales-ive-seen/?do=findComment&amp;comment=62905 Another Picasso-on-the-curb.
Today on Ebay: Wing cores in Canada. Item 132940500989. I see that Eureka says it is no longer stocking foam. It appears they may be getting out of the business; I would not surprised given the dismal level of building these days http://www.eurekacnc.com/Home.htm Anyway $3000 for cores does not sound that cheap to me and cutting cores is a fun exercise. I recently saw foam at a nearby insulation company (pics 2,3). This stuff, I think: http://www.qualityfoam.com/docs/trymer-2000-xp.pdf The gent said he would sell it for about $100 a bun vs. $218 at ACS. I love a gouge like that!
Just for those who aren't tracking, 3000 CAD is only 2281 USD.
44TJ was highly recommended to me from the guys at RAFE. I went to them to get dual instruction in their Speed Canard early in the year. The RAFE borrowed it for 1.5 years, gave demo flights in it (25 hours worth, according to the log book), and the seller is also a Southeastern regional rep for RAFE. All of the RAFE and EZ Jet guys who were were familiar with the plane gave it a great recommendation.
I looked at 44TJ about every weekend for the last month; compression test, oil analysis, multiple airframe inspections, etc. Long story short, nothing that the guy in September said was true, except that the plane has a GU Canard. According to RZ of RAFE and the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.069393
Retrieved Text: I Helicopters have always fascinated me at least as much as airplanes. I know they're outrageously expensive to fly but I'm still intrigued. . The more I've learned, the more interested I've become. I've been really confused and fascinated about how the controls worked so I figured the only way I'd ever really understand was to take a lesson! The first time I visited my son, Steve, in Raleigh, we'd stopped at Raleigh East airport and I noticed that the FBO was really a helicopter outfit, Raleigh Helicopter Service. Since we were visiting again this Thanksgiving (1998), I asked Steve to set up a lesson for me. The lesson was booked for 10:00 AM the day after Thanksgiving but it turned out Raleigh Helicopter has moved up to 2N9, Franklin County.
As with the night before my first fixed-wing lesson, I kept thinking about this one during the night. The day dawned crystal clear with just a bit of a wind but the briefing said winds at 3000' were 27 kts. Nonetheless, Steve and I set off for 2N9.
Having found Raleigh Helicopter, I found Glenn Brown, the guy who would be my instructor, out getting his race car ready for tomorrow's "legend car" race. Funny how each of us relaxes by doing something we don't get paid for. Sammy Snead used to say he played golf so he could afford to hunt and fish!
Franklin County airport was really nice. Hangers, etc. are in excellent condition and the strip is 5000' x 100'. Raleigh Helicopter Service is located

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.005213
Retrieved Text: Do Not Take Mommy To Jail! It Is Just A Speeding Ticket!
Nobody likes getting a speeding ticket. Most of us probably think that we had a momentary lapse in judgment and got caught, then chalk it up to experience. Unless you are desperately lonely and just want to meet people, going faster than the speed limit can ruin your day, especially when you find out just how much the fine for misbehaving is going to be.
I have a theory of how to avoid a speeding ticket and give you a favorable outlook on life at the same time. Here are four ways to get out of a ticket once you have been stopped. They really work because they have been tested. The drivers went on down the road to their destinations without that costly little piece of paper.
??? Have cute children in the car with you. My daughter-in-law was driving down the road at a leisurely pace, about 10 miles over the speed limit. The two kids were buckled up in their car seats in back.
Suddenly blue lights from the police car behind them lit up the sky. It seems that she was going just a little faster than the law allows.
At this point the policeman gave up and wrote a warning ticket, then walked away as if saying that she had enough problems already. ??? Gone fishing! A fishing buddy was on the way to the river, pulling his boat behind him. He topped a hill and was immediately zapped by a radar gun held

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.002115
Retrieved Text: Does anyone have any memories/details of the spitfire which came down in Newhaven in July 1944? On that day a V1 was observed with a spitfire XIV in hot pursuit. Following a burst of gunfire the doodlebug exploded in mid air. The spitfire was damaged in the blast and the pilot, losing control, prepared to bale out. Realising his plane would have hit the town, the pilot, George McKinlay, crash landed to the east of the town and unfortunately died in the crash.
This page was added by Carol Walton on 09/04/2008.
It was his second patrol that day flying from East Dean, this time checking barrage balloons, on the earlier one he had also shot down a V1 pilotless plane.
The Spitfire production list confirms this to be aircraft RB142 of 610 Sqn (RAF Friston) flown by F/O G M McKinley: 'Flew through explosion of V-1 and crashed Newhaven Sussex'. He is recorded to have brought down four V-1's on his own and shared in the destruction of one other.
Does anybody know of any pictures taken of the crashed plane?
I remember the crash well, and the day was a Wednesday, and it happened at 4.15 - 4.30pm because it was a few days after my birthday and I remember the time because I was due back at the Post Office at 4.30pm.
I was delivering telegrams to 'The Drove' area, and I saw and heard the flying bomb. The spitfire came from the Fort area (south-west). The spitfire fired at the flying bomb with machine guns, but to no

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.69244
Retrieved Text: The Scenic Route > Vacation Stories > Solar Family Travel Journal Entry 2: "Then a kid with a horse head mask showed up"
Solar Family Travel Journal Entry 2: "Then a kid with a horse head mask showed up"
I knew when we booked the late flight that we might be asking for disaster on our trip out of Kansas City. I actually flew to Denver on Saturday for my cousin's wedding and flew back to Kansas City on Sunday afternoon. My flight was supposed to land at 1:10 pm and I was going to meet Josh with the kids for our 3:55 pm flight to Florida.
I boarded my plane in Denver, but we didn't take off. There was a mechanical issue and after about an hour, they kicked us all off the plane. I almost had to get on a flight directly to Tampa or Ft. Lauderdale, but they brought in a new plane and got us off the ground just in time. Seriously, my flight from Denver landed at KCI about 15 minutes before our flight to Florida started boarding, but, I made it and felt like we had averted a near-disaster.
The first leg of our flight was uneventful and we landed in Tampa right on time. Even though it was already a little late for our kids, they were pretty excited to be traveling, so they were wired. The Tampa airport was pretty empty, so we found a nearly deserted section of the terminal and let the kids burn off a little steam.
Max and Ava

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.608597
Retrieved Text: In a 1965 interview with Bill Van Dusen, Clarence Chamberlin sketched the most vivid portrait we have of Levine in the ripeness of fame, from the days leading up to his historic transatlantic flight to his portentous crash on the outskirts of Rome just a few months later.
It all started when Raymond Orteig put up this $25,000 prize for the first non-stop flight from New York to Paris. This was in a period when it wasn't safe to offer an aviator $25,000 for anything.
At the time, there was no plane capable of making the flight. Mr. Bellanca [the airplane designer] and I often talked about what we could do if we had the money. The big problem was that it cost about $50,000 to build the airplane to win the $25,000 prize.
I interested the Wright Aeronautical Company in Patterson, NJ in building this new type Bellanca plane, but when it came to the Atlantic flight, someone at the board of directors meeting said, "Well, supposed you land in the middle [of the ocean]-- that won't be such a good ad." So they called the flight off.
Then Colonel Lindbergh tried to buy the airplane and fly it alone, but the Wright Company thought he should have a co-pilot and a navigator, and refused to sell it to him.
It was not until Charlie Levine came along and bought the manufacturing rights to the Columbia that we were able to go forward with the plan for the flight. It wasn't long, though, before we ran into legal difficulties. Mr.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.593712
Retrieved Text: to One air passenger has had the luck to survive because because of traffic jams he was late for the flight of Lion Air which was wrecked in the sea at coast of Indonesia.
of Sonya Setiavan, the employee of the Ministry of Finance of Indonesia, had to be one of 189 passengers onboard flight of JT 610 which has taken off from Jakarta this morning, Daily Mail reports.
But he was late on the way to the International airport Soekarno-Hatta because of road jams for which the Indonesian capital is famous.
the Plane has disappeared from radars in a few minutes after take-off and has failed to the Java Sea from height of 1500 meters. Apparently, nobody has survived.
of Setiavan has gone to Pankalpinang flight of other airline later. He has arrived there without incident and has been met by crowd of journalists.
He and his colleagues flew fatal flight of Lion Air every week. But today they have managed to get on the plane, and Sawney has got stuck in an hours-long traffic jam.
of Setiavan tells: "I usually fly flight JT610 - we with friends always flew by this plane. I don't know why today there was such awful stopper. Usually I come to Jakarta in 3 mornings, but today I have reached the airport only at 6:20 and was late for the plane". Setiavan says that his gratitude to destiny recedes before a grief from a thought of the dead among whom there were six his colleagues: "When I about it have heard, I have burst into

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.582317
Retrieved Text: In face of the unequivocal refusal to cooperate, the Germans concluded that additional guards would be required on the flight to Smolensk, which meant that the group had to be reduced in size – the current twelve person group simply would not fit on the plane allocated to trip – a Junkers, it held no more than 18 persons. Therefore, the sub-group consisting of four US Army enlisted men, was sent back to their Stalag, finally, there remained eight men. Thus it was in Berlin that the final group of witnesses was decided on.
This group, consisting of four officers, three enlisted men and one civilian flew out of Berlin’s Tempelhof airport, most probably on May 12, 1943. The reality is that there are minimal discrepancies in the date given by individual witnesses, but this is the date that seems most probable. We know that the POWs left the camps in the early morning hours (Stroobant writes that it was at 4AM). The officers in Oflag IX A/Z probably left on May 10th or the morning of the 11th. By the 11th they were in Berlin and were questioned (the interrogations were hurried, and took only one afternoon), the 11th. The 12th was when they flew to Smolensk and visited the city. The following day they went to Katyn. This chronology can be determined based on Van Vliet’s statement that he heard about the German defeat in Tunis while he was in Katyn.
In addition to that there were the German enlisted guards, German civilians from the Propaganda

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.57295
Retrieved Text: Gene Fuchs of Morgan keeps his Schweiss Hangar Doors busy and one of his three planes in the sky.
If Gene Fuchs of Morgan had been born at a later date he most likely would have been a World War II fighter pilot. Fuchs is not a big man in stature, but he's alway been big on flying. A military flight instructor Fuchs knew once told him he would have been the perfect fit in a military cockpit.
Gene Fuchs, now 81, has logged over 10,000 hours in the air since he first started flying at age 15.
With no war to fight, Fuchs did the next best thing, he started flying at age 15 in 1946 with his neighbor Ed Rieke who owned a J3 Piper Cub and later with his buddy, Marv Battig, who flew a PA-11. Then it was time for him to buy himself an airplane.
His first plane purchased in 1951, at age 19, among many others to come, was a two-seater 1946 Luscome 8A Master, powered with a 65 h.p. Continental engine. He held onto it for a couple of years, selling it later in order to buy some farm equipment. Fuchs recalls those early years very well.
"Right about World War II, I'd see formations of trainers and fighters. One time there was 25 of them that flew the section line behind the farm. They were all at low level, 500 to 1,000 feet. I looked up and wished I could be one of them. I saw a lot of airplanes fly. There was

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.523373
Retrieved Text: Brother of the famous Manfred von Richthofen, Lothar transferred from cavalry to aviation in late 1915. He served as an observer during a whole year, but in early 1917 he was attracted by his great brother Manfred to become scout pilot within Jasta 11. He experienced rapid victory run during April/May 1917 but was wounded. In September 1917, after his return from hospital in September 1917 he took command over Jasta 11. He was wounded again in March 1918 and returned to the unit in July 1918. After scoring final 11 victories he was severely wounded again and grounded permanently.
After a war Lothar returned to flying, but was killed in an accident in 1922.
In his early career LvR was assigned with Albatros D.III. His plane was left in factory finish and had red band applied behind the cockpit.
After returning to Jasta 11 in autumn 1917 he was surely assigned with Albatros D.V or D.Va but I don't know anything about the plane. In Spring 1918 Lothar flew Fokker Dr.I 454/17. He was shot down and crashed with it. During his brilliant but short exploits in August 1918 he flew many Fokker D.VIIs. The Fokker no. 244/18 with b/w checkered tailplanes and yellow nose shown in In Action book was in fact Aloys Heldmann's not his own plane, although LvR used it once or twice. It is supposed that LvR flew also the same red/white D.VII which was used by Udet. Other sources show LvR's Fokker as a plane with red front fuselage half and yellow rear

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.464365
Retrieved Text: A parent and son, as well as the son's friends who live in the same city, witnessed a dark, gray craft flying overhead. Fortunately the parent submitted detailed testimony to MUFON (case 80013).
I was driving and saw a cylinder shaped object flying in the sky. It was a shady shady, grey color with no lights. It made a right turn then disappeared behind some trees. Couldn't hear any sound.
I had just picked up my son from his friend's house and we were driving home. I noticed an odd looking, grey object flying in the sky just above the level of some trees at the end of the street. I noticed it because it was in my field of vision and it didn't look like a plane or a bird. There were no lights that I could see. I had no idea what it could be. I asked my 15 yo son if he saw it, he said yes. I kept saying "what is that",and "what the hell is that"? He said I don't know. I told him I was glad he was with me because if he had not been, I'm sure he would think I was seeing things as if I were "crazy". The object moved from my left to right then banked, turned right and was going down in altitude. It disappeared behind the trees and I lost sight of it. I was excited about seeing it and grateful that I had a witness, my son. We talked about it on the drive home.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.430521
Retrieved Text: Frenchman Rene Tampier started up again after World War I and successfully built a four-wheeled bi-plane with foldable wings. Tampier first drove his Avion-Automobile in October 1921 and exhibited it at the 1921 Paris Salon, after a two-hour drive in the city. It flew two weeks later.
Tampier opted for two separate powerplants: a small four cylinder motor driving the vehicle's rear axle, and a 300 hp Hispano Suiza V 12 aero engine to get it airborne. The biplane wings folded back alongside the fuselage for motoring. The pilot sat facing the tail when driving.
Between 1922 and 1925 Tampier built several different versions of the Avion Automobile, all of which he drove and flew, but as a vehicle it was cumbersome and awkward and the idea was never adopted commercially.

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: Context: Jan bound together the ropes tightly and gave them one final tug to ensure the boat was secured.

Question: What will Jan want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: set sail on the boat

B: get on dry land

C: bound together the ropes tightly

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.577705
Retrieved Text: After arriving in Colon, Panama and dealing with the terrible anchorage called The Flats (it was deep, stinky, foul, and not great holding) we started investigating the Great Canal Transit Situation. As we had remembered from our transit in Oriental Lady in 1988, we needed 5 crew on board: one at the helm, two on the bow, and two on the stern to handle lines. Being one person short, we figured we'd swap off with other yachties.
Then we recalled that one of our great cruising buddies from the 1980's, Jan Reed, had said she'd LOVE to go through the Canal with us. A few emails later and she had tickets in hand. She arrived on March 20, having taken the public $2 bus from Panama City to Colon. Having a fellow cruiser on board was a treat because she was a great help with all the provisioning and transit preparations.
We transited the Canal on March 22, making it through in one day, much to our disappointment. We had been looking forward to the beautiful, surreal night in the Gatun Lake anchored right by the channel where the immense car carriers and freighters transited all through the night.
As it turned out, we didn't make use of all the crew we had on board because we were able to side-tie to a tug for each of the locks. Once we entered a lock and the tug was secured, we motored slowly up to it and tied off our lines to the side of the tug away from the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.633938
Retrieved Text: Bristol based printers Minuteman Press offer a professional perfect binding service using the latest technology and equipment. Perfect binding is the most common form of binding method used for soft bound books. Perfect binding ensures high quality binding suitable for most paper stock, number of pages and overall thickness. Strength and flexibility of the binding are the highest priority of this binding method.
Minuteman Press Bristol, a professional perfect binding company, offer binding services for books from a few pages to many centimetres in thickness. The process involves rough-cutting of the pages in the back to make them absorb the hot glue as they pass through the perfect binding machine; then a cover is applied and clamps tightly secure the book together curing the strong and flexible glue at the spine. At the final stage of the process the other three sides are trimmed to achieve a flawless finish. Our gluing techniques ensure that every page is tightly secured in the right place.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.5905
Retrieved Text: The Great Tug of war is one of the three biggest festivals in Naha. The celebrations, which last three days, are each year timed to end on Sports Day national holiday (second Monday of October). The actual pulling of the rope, which takes place on the second day of the festivities, is said to bring participants peace, prosperity, domestic felicity or fertility.
The gigantic rope was listed in the Guinness Book of Records from 1995 to 1997 as the largest straw rope in the world. It is made by braiding a huge quantity of smaller ropes, which can be divided in three types : the core ropes honzuna, the wrapping ropes keshōzuna that coil around the core, and the shorter tezuna that the participants hold. The keshōzuna and tezuna are replaced every year.
How is the great rope made?
Take a lot of thin straw ropes.
Hook three of them to this machine, and turn the crank to twist them into a slightly bigger rope.
Look at the length of these!
The resulting ropes are then twined together in the opposite direction to form an even bigger one, while making sure that each of the strands stays tightly woven.
This is how keshōzuna and tezuna are made.
One at a time, the keshōzuna are now carefully wound around the bundle that will form the core.
Keshōzuna are then tightened up using a wooden mallet.
It takes about 40 days of hard work to 15 craftsmen to finish the rope, whose making starts each year around August 20th. Please come and take a pull at the world’s

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.0281
Retrieved Text: This is one of those great documentaries that takes you places you would not otherwise see. Hop on board.
Part of the Flatland Film Festival.
Documentaries can be a tricky pony to lasso, but the assured vision and riveting filmmaking on display in Barge gives the impression that Ben Powell has spent many years making them when the truth of the matter is he only is credited as directing two other documentary shorts prior to this stellar 75-minute film. Tightly assembled and bursting at the seams with intrigue, Powell’s cameras capture 28 days on board a tug boat bound for New Orleans. For much of the film, Powell’s touch feels invisible. Instead of interviewing and probing, he observes. Undoubtedly there were questions and conversations off camera, but it never feels like the subjects have been placed in a traditional interview. All of the people on the boat are fascinating, and one gets a clear sense of the way this life works. It’s a truly wonderful film where not only are its subjects fleshed out, but their problems and very souls stay with you.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.95965
Retrieved Text: Incarcerous causes ropes to appear out of the end of the caster's wand, which then bind and (usually) gag the subject of the spell.
When we first see this spell, it is being used by Professor Snape to bind Sirius Black and Remus Lupin in The Shrieking Shack. It is used a number of times after that, notably by Professor Umbridge, to bind the Centaur Magorian, an action that triggers a mass attack on her by the remainder of the herd.
Branch of Magic: Incarcerous is difficult to categorize into one branch of magic due to its dual function. Most prominently, it is a transfiguration spell—conjuring to be specific. It also could be considered a charm as it is giving the ropes the ability to attack a specified target and bind to it without further magic being performed.
The Rope's Physical Properties: It would appear that the attributes of the conjured rope varies and most likely is the choice of the caster. In Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, when Severus Snape nonverbally casts the spell, "thin, cordlike" ropes bind Sirius Black and Remus Lupin. In Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, when Dolores Umbridge uses the spell, this time verbally, once more cords are produced—with no detail as to their thickness. The final time we see the spell cast in the series is in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. A Death Eater casts this spell on Ron, leaving him bound tightly in thick ropes.
One possible explanation of the discrepancies in rope size is that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.822323
Retrieved Text: Try this roast for Christmas dinner.
Step 2: Season the chicken all over, including the cavity, with the salt and pepper. Stuff the tangerine and sage deep into the cavity of the chicken.
Step 3: Move the stuffed bird, breast side up onto a large, empty surface where you will have plenty of space for maneuvering. Take a 30" length of butcher’s twine and string it underneath the chicken. Pull both sides of the string up over the chicken's wings. Cross the ends of the strings over each other and give them a yank, pulling the wings tight to the body. Do not slacken or let go of the twine.
Step 4: Now that you have tightly secured the wings, it is time to bind the body and legs. Pull the ends of the twine underneath the legs, crossing it underneath the bird, and wrap it around the legs, binding them together. Wrap twine several times to make sure the legs are tightly bound. Wrap the twine around the tail, pulling it tight to close up the cavity. Give the twine once last tug to make sure the bindings are secure, then knot the string. Trim any excess twine.
Step 5: Place the chicken breast side up on a rack set over a rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with oil. Roast until the thigh juices run clear when pierced with the tip of a knife and the skin is crisp and golden, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. Let rest 20 minutes before cutting the twine off.
Reprinted with permission from FL

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.703907
Retrieved Text: Voyages grew safer in the 1800s, but storms, fires, and rocky coasts still threatened seafarers.
Ever-greater numbers of people traveled and worked at sea in the 1700s and 1800s. Ship design, navigation, and life-saving methods all improved dramatically. But crossing an ocean was a far riskier journey than it is today. Storms on the high seas might be the most terrifying of the dangers, but thousands of men and women lost their lives within sight of shore.
On August 24, 1848, the Ocean Monarch caught fire while sailing from Liverpool, England, to the United States. The yacht Queen of the Ocean rescued 30 people. Other ships picked up another 188. The ship and 178 passengers were lost.
The British bark Ayrshire ran aground off Squan Beach, New Jersey, in January 1850. But the passengers and crew had reason for hope: Congress had begun funding the construction of life-saving stations along the coast of New York and New Jersey two years before.
The sea was too rough to launch a surfboat, and the local wreckmaster decided to use his station’s life-car instead. Hauled between the shore and the wreck on ropes, the enclosed boat made 60 trips to the wreck over two days and rescued all but one of Ayrshire’s 166 passengers and 36 crew.
Many of the passengers on the Ayrshire’s final voyage were likely Irish laborers, farmers, and families fleeing famine in Ireland. Almost one million people between 1846 and 1851 died because of the failures of the potato crop and poor distribution of what remained. Hundreds of thousands more

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.816063
Retrieved Text: The Mexico was a fine ship of about 700 tons built in 1905. She was an iron schooner, three-masted and rigged 'fore and aft' and carried a crew of eleven, including the captain Captain Erksine. She was bound from Lagune de Terminos on Carmen Island Mexico with a cargo of mahogany logs to Liverpool. She was owned by Alfred Hold of Frederickshult, Norway. Her cargo was consigned by Bains and Company to David Mistbey of Manchester.
The vogage was a tempestuous one, lasting about four months and she had trouble with her steering gear off the Portugese Coast. She made Porta Delgada in the Azores in January 1914 with steering damage, where new sails and a new lifeboat were obtained. The voyage was resumed in early February 1914. As she came towards the British isles, she ran into very rough weather and the captain could not pick up his expected landmarks. Land was sighted and the Captain thought he was off the Welsh coats near the Smalls, but he knew he was out of his reckoning and off course.
When he picked up the Hook Lighthouse he knew he was off the dangerous Wexford coast. He made every effort to save his ship but the Mexico was a peculiarly constructed vessel. The Captain was unfamiliar with the Wexford coast and was having difficulty in managing his ship in atrocious weather and in unknown currents. The noon observation of that Friday placed the Mexico about twenty miles south south-west of the Hook. The weather was vile and visibility poor.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.315279
Retrieved Text: James Loader is a much renovated and altered wooden BCN tug, built by Joe Worsey of Walsall for Leonard Leigh Limited in 1946. It entered service in 1947, and was named after Leonard Leigh’s son James Loader Leigh. Its dimensions were 41’ by 6’ 10” by 3’ draught.
As originally built… in 1946-7.
One of two wooden tugs built at the time for the company, the other being the Christopher James, built at Spencer Abbotts dock. Worseys also built the tug Joan II, in wood, for Leigh, she was launched on 16 April 1936.
Hull construction is on a flat double planked 4” elm bottom, 2” planks longitudinally on 2” cross planks. 2” by 8” oak side planks held by iron omega cross section knees along the sides, with 8” deep wooden frames to form the shape of the bow. A long bow and counter and an inward curve of the knees to the bilge give a fine shape to the hull, and an easy swim through the water to the vessel. Planks are fixed with cut iron boat nails in the scarf joints and to other timbers, and nails riveted and cropped over roves through the frames and knees. Internal ¾ inch oak shearing is fixed with iron nails with tar paper behind.
The original cabin was shorter than the present and had sloping fore and back ends and a level roof, with six marine portholes. A long tiller gave extra leverage for steering when towing. The original engine was a four cylinder Fordson diesel/paraffin marinised tractor engine developing

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.227665
Retrieved Text: Ship was berthed at MIP jetty. Ynagoon is a tidal port. Time 1400 hrs and it was spring tide flooding. Total stream running 5 to 6 knots. Vessel was secured stbd side with 3 + 2 + 1 arrangement, both fwd and aft.
Suddenly it was observed that the aft breast rope and w stern ropes (wire ropes with PP tails) parted and the stern came away from jetty about 30 mtrs.
Immediately all crew swung into action. Main engines started, tug was called. Ship was held against the tidal stream for nearly 2 hrs. At the end of the tidal stream the ship was brought alongside.
It was observed that the breast rope and the PP tails of the two stern wire ropes parted because of lack of sufficient length to take up the springing. The short length of single breast rope was the most vulnerable.
Later on the vessel used full length PP ropes with 2+4 combination. Fwd and aft for securing in strong tidal streams, which worked satisfactorily.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.77538
Retrieved Text: Why Climbing Rope | Wolf & I Co.
You may be thinking what makes climbing rope so special? What is inside the rope that makes it so strong? And what is nylon?
Let us explain. All nylon climbing ropes have two parts: the sheath and the core.
The core is made up of several braided nylon filaments. These are twisted in different directions to stop the rope from kinking. These mini braids form the heart of all climbing ropes.
The sheath is the outer protective layer of the rope, made of tightly woven nylon fibres. In Wolf & I Co. dog leads there are two sheath layers for extra strength and protection.
To explain more about nylon - it is a plastic, silky-like material that can be processed into thin fibres. Nylon has good elasticity, resiliency, and can protect against a good amount of friction. These properties make it great for climbing rope dog leads!
There are also two types of climbing ropes; dynamic and static. Wolf & I Co. uses dynamic ropes as they stretch. The stretch allows a dynamic rope to absorb the energy of a sudden load, such as a tug from a dog, more slowly lessening the impact of the pull on the dog and the hooman.
Climbing ropes are commonly made in 8mm to 12mm thicknesses. Wolf & I Co. aim to use 10mm - 12mm rope for their dog leads. The extra thickness makes it a more comfortable lead to hold in your hand whilst walking your dog.
Climbing rope was chosen as the core material for Wolf

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.223013
Retrieved Text: Next to your boat, paddle and safety gear, a good car rack is the most critical item in a paddler's gear inventory. Don't skimp here because no matter what you hear about raging rapids and sudden squalls, the most dangerous part of paddling is getting to the put-in. You can't do anything about those other idiots on the road, but you can make sure your boat stays safe and secure on your roof rack. Here's how.
Rack. Brands like Thule, Yakima, Malone and Inno offer basic rack bars and components compatible with almost any vehicle. The folks at your local paddling shop can help you choose the right rack and necessary installation components.
Straps. Nylon cam straps are easy to use and don't slip or stretch. Get them at your paddling shop or online (Try NRS or Clavey Paddlesports). Avoid the hook-and-ratchet straps sold at auto-parts stores.
Ropes. Use 1/4-inch nylon 'parachute cord' for bow- and stern-ties. Rope works fine for belly straps as well; use good 3/8-inch line and the trucker's hitch.
Use with: Touring kayaks, especially delicate composite ones.
Loop a cam strap around the top bar of each J-cradle, then place the free ends lightly on the hood and trunk (rubber caps for the overprotective can help keep you car and boat scratch-free).
Center the kayak on the J-cradles, cockpit facing out.
Pass both ends of the strap over the boat. Cool trick: Standing at the hood of your car, take the free ends of the front strap and flip them over the boat, jump-rope style.
Loop the strap around the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.795504
Retrieved Text: When I had made the fake phone call to the cops, I had just planned on treating the boys to my expert mouth then throwing their asses out into the storm without their clothes. The blowjobs would have been for me, the naked in the storm was their punishment. It had been so long since I had been with a man in any capacity that doling out a couple of blowjobs would have eased the tension for a while. But knowing that they played the same game I liked to play… well, how could I resist?
“All right, let’s see what your brother is up to,” I said and escorted Jesse from the bathroom and back to the couch. A wave of relief passed over Kevin’s face as I set Jesse down next to him.
“What the hell were you two doing in there? Knitting your own toilet paper?” Kevin groaned.
I ignored him. “Do we wait for the cops, or do we handle this ourselves?” I asked.
“So, I take this as a yes,” I said and went to the kitchen, grabbed a knife from the block on the counter and came back to the brothers.
Kevin’s eyes grew nearly as wide as dinner plates. He squirmed against the ropes and I could see he was holding his breath, waiting for the initial plunge of the knife.
“Settle down. I’m just going to cut your ropes,” I said and brought the knife down on the rope holding Kevin’s feet together. I kept his hands tied though. I needed him to walk,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.157114
Retrieved Text: This eBook from the Gutenberg Project consists of approximately 298 pages of information about Outward Bound.
But the leader of the runaways, instead of heeding this good advice, attempted to push by astern of the first cutter.
It was generally understood that the third lieutenant of the Young America was a fighting character, and that he could whip any officer or seaman in the ship, though his prowess had not been practically demonstrated. Shuffles took the stern line himself, instead of intrusting the duty to the coxswain. He intended to grapple the bow of the professors’ barge, and make fast to it with the rope; but the cutter did not gather way enough in season to do this. As she backed, she fouled the oars of the barge, and Shuffles secured a firm hold of her stern.
“What are you doing, Bob Shuffles?” demanded Wilton, angry, when he saw that his late crony was fully in earnest.
The third lieutenant made no reply; but passing his rope through a ring in the stern of the barge, he made it fast, and then pushed the cutter off from her. When the line had run out about a fathom, he secured the end he held in his hand to the after thwart of his own boat. Thus the first cutter and the barge were lashed together, stern to stern.
“Cast off that rope!” shouted Wilton to the stroke oarsman in the barge.
The third lieutenant had picked up a boat-hook, and stood ready to rap any of the barge’s crew who might attempt to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.131481
Retrieved Text: Encourage physical activity and teamwork using these classic tug-of-war ropes during field day activities. The natural-fiber grade “A” manila ropes will not slip in hands during use. Three sizes ensure a comfortable grip for students of any age.
Offering a non-slip grip that makes pulling, bracing, and anchoring easy, manila ropes are the staple material of traditional tug of war activities. The rougher texture of manila steadies students as they pull. This extra grip, paired with a heavier weight, gives students more confidence when pulling.
Manila ropes come in 3 diameters. The smaller 1” and 1-1/2”dia sizes are perfect for younger students with smaller hands and less pulling power. The 2” dia ropes are ideal for older students who want more of a challenge and require more resilience and rigidity from the rope itself.
Three rope lengths—50’, 75’, and 100’L—make it easy to find the best rope for classes of all sizes. The longer the rope, the more students involved!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.905752
Retrieved Text: Photos from the weekend trips to the Ohane and Upper Upper.
and some mid week shots from Spencer's Hole.
Why I Soloed the Grand Canyon of the Elwha..
Two weeks ago Jeff and I went up to the Olympic Peninsula to run a remote class V near Port Angeles, on the Elwha river. The run involves and 8.5 mile hike in with boats and once we get up there, we have to deal with two class V gorges with difficult or impossible to scout rapids. One rapid is called Nightmare because it is unscoutable. When Jeff and I got to Nightmare we were feeling very tired. Jeff was recently off a 41 mile 6 day class V trip and was mentally pretty fried and I basically stood up out of a desk chair, strapped a boat on my back and hiked many miles over reasonably difficult trails.
EJ- " I think we should go, do you have any strong feelings about that"
Jeff- "I'm scared to death of that"
EJ- "Ok, lets start hiking"
What followed was the sketchiest few hours of my life to date.
We had to ascend steep scree slopes with loose rock, no safety and nothing between us and the several hundred foot fall to the river. We attempted to climb with our boat and when that didn't work, to haul our boats up with ropes. Eventually one of the boats got caught on a rock and because they were tied together, we were forced to leave the both behind. There wasn't time and it wasn't safe to climb back

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.887714
Retrieved Text: This is a story about what it takes to start a company. It may not seem like it, but it is.
I live on a boat in a harbour. It’s an amazing place with just the right mix of artists, yacht owners and fishermen. As in all small communities there’s a strong invisible pecking order. The fishermen are on top. They are the real men. They have survived force gale 12 storms in the bay of Biscay, they haul cod out of the freezing water with their bare hands in the winter, they move crates around the harbour like children moving toys across the lawn. And, of course they know all there is to know about boats. When it comes to boats they are the unquestionable authority. They have seen it all before, and they are always right. They are where you go for buying, selling, moving and fixing boats.
I like the fishermen. Without them I would have no idea how to fix all the things that inevitably break on my old boat. And I can tell they enjoy sharing their vast knowledge. But to them I’m not a real man. I’m an academic. I can’t lift the heavy crates, I’ve never been in a real storm. And I can’t haul cod, not even in the summer. To them I’m a boy.
On the outer edge of the harbour there’s a small man-made island to break the waves coming in from the sea. Like many small man-made islands and piers it’s surrounded by heavy stones that are piled

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.882017
Retrieved Text: Waiouru: Fish & Chips or Doughnuts?
One advantage of being retired and living on a narrowboat is your life isn’t regulated by time. I had a lazy start this morning waking at 8.00am to the sound of a heavy downpour beating on the cabin roof. Jan had already been up for several hours and was quietly sitting in the saloon catching up on all the news with her iPad. I can see the advantages in having a Tablet but I just can’t bring myself to love Apple with their “closed shop” business model.
We waited until the rain stopped and then slipped away from our overnight country mooring heading towards Hillmorton Wharf with the intention of filling the diesel tanks. Along the way another boat caught up with us as we both made good time. There was a Black Prince hire boat moored just beyond Norman’s Bridge. The first thing we noticed was how close the boat was to the bridge and then we realised the crew had positioned their mooring pins on the far side of the towpath. Moreover the mooring pins looked like they had only been driven into the ground by 3 inches and the mooring ropes were tied to the eye at the top of the pin. It was obvious the pins were not going to hold the boat. Sure enough, despite us passing very slowly the boat started to drift. One crew member jumped off and re-positioned the pins almost under the hedgerow, but still failed to hammer them into the ground. I

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.858072
Retrieved Text: We departed from Newbold with just the odd little lost raindrop hitting the surface of the canal and slowly headed down to Rugby where we moored for 40 minutes. This enabled Jan to make a quick trip into Tesco for a final top up of the cupboards. Whilst I was waiting for her return our youngest son called on Skype. He had returned from his five week trip through China, Tibet and Japan and is trying to catch up on outstanding tasks before the next big trip which is to the USA. He has a few short trips in between, one of which is to London. We’ll have to see if it is possible to organise a day together.
At 10.30am we were on our way to Hillmorton and happened to notice whilst passing Clifton Cruisers that they were erecting a large box tube frame which looks like It will be a plastic sheet covered workshop. I guess they intend to move their floating paint booth from the end of the arm down to the hard standing beside the canal.
Perfect timing at Hillmorton arriving at the water points just as one boat was leaving The only problem with the water points here is the water pressure can only be described as “old man”. I know the feeling! An Ashby Hire Boat was on the water point ahead of us and it was apparent they hadn’t filled their tank for some time. We took the opportunity to eat a light lunch on the towpath whilst our tank filled.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.777496
Retrieved Text: A side of Via Lungo Piave, in Nervesa della Battaglia, in the '80s was erected a monument in memory of the Great War. It is a "boat bridge", used by both the Italian and Austro-Hungarian troops to cross the Piave during the Battle of the Solstice. This type of boat was made ​​up of three hulls, an anchor and ropes that bound and blocked the boats. These became a sort of " floating piers " in support of the walkways that led from one bank of the river.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.596941
Retrieved Text: Naha is the capital and largest city on the island of Okinawa. Okinawa is part of the Ryukyu Islands, which lie south of Japan's main islands. Naha is home to some 300,000 people plus nearby United States military personnel and their families. Rich in recent and ancient history, white sand beaches and cultural attractions, Naha's slower pace appeals to Japanese vacationers. Take the monorail from the airport for worry-free transit to Naha's hotels.
Spend an hour at the Okinawa Prefectural Museum to learn about Okinawa's history, culture and natural history on your first day. This will give you the background information needed to understand what you will see and experience on your visit. Exhibits show the transformation of the area from small warring factions to the establishment of the Ryukyu Kingdom, an independent nation, to Japan's Okinawa Prefecture in 1879. Caught in the middle of furious 1945 land and naval battles between Japan and the U.S., many citizens lost their lives and historic structures were destroyed. Visit Shuri Castle, built before the Ryukyu Kingdom was established but used as royal residence, administrative and religious center. The hilltop castle reflects a mixture of strong Chinese, Japanese and independent influence culminating in a unique gusuku style indigenous to Okinawa.
Be sure to notice the Shureimon Gate at Shuri Castle. The 1609-era gate reflects Chinese influence in the red hip-and-gabled tiled roof and often is depicted as a symbol for Okinawa. For instance, the gate illustrates the 2,000-yen bill issued for the first time in 2000. Ryukyu New Year in January,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.42882
Retrieved Text: We live on a little lake in eastern South Dakota. We are “water people”. Our first purchase when we got married was a canoe. That was followed by a Hobie Cat sailboat and then a Balboa 16 sailboat. We sold the Balboa in 2010 and were looking for a motorized boat but not a “motor boat”. Tim drove by the boat lot in Sioux Falls and sent me this picture with the caption---"Here's our next boat". Of course that boat wasn't for sale but that is how we started our search for our own Ranger Tug.
The tug in the photo is Popeye, a Ranger21EC, owned by Fred Gage in Sioux Falls, SD. He brought Popeye to Lake Madison after we got our tug, Nellie May, and we had a Tugboat parade around the lake. The reaction of the people on the shoreline and in other boats was priceless. The only thing cuter than one Ranger Tug is 2 Ranger Tugs!
​Through on-line searching we discovered there aren’t many used Ranger Tugs available in our size and price range. We discovered one for sale in North Carolina and contacted the owner for details. We used some frequent flyer miles to get to North Carolina and he took us for a test cruise. Yup, we bought the boat. It was so cute and would fit on a lift at our house and it wasn’t a speed boat. Excitement ran high as we flew home.
​We arranged to have the new tug delivered to South Dakota. While we waited the Great

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.078232
Retrieved Text: Yesterday Jan started the Candy washing machine on the final fast spin cycle when it suddenly started to make horrible noises. I frantically called out from the bedroom “Turn it off….. turn it off!” Jan managed to quickly reach the inverter and kill the 240V power. After the two minute mandatory wait the washing machine door unlocked and she was able to remove the clothing. Then Jan showed me the steel washer she had found inside the drum. “Must have been in your jeans pocket” she said. It didn’t look like any washer I’d recently seen!
This morning we tested out the machine and the noise was still present. It’s a horrible grinding sound. After examining the machine in-situ I came to the conclusion there was little I could do from the front and it would have to be removed from its cubbyhole. Of course everyone knows how easy it is to remove a washing machine in a boat. Eventually we managed to “jiggle” it out and into the aisle. This allowed me to disconnect the 240V plug, water supply and waste hoses. The machine still had water in it and the drain is at floor level. We know that if the drain plug is removed up to two litres of water will run out (don’t ask how we know!). The machine needs to be raised in order to catch all the water. But then I had a clever idea (doesn’t often happen). We have a step down between the back cabin and the galley. The washing

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.990194
Retrieved Text: Photo by: Captain Howard L. Wentworth, Sr.
Built in 1936, by Rice Brothers Shipbuilding of East Boothbay, Maine as the Turecamo Boys for Turecamo Maritime.
Designed by Naval Architect Merritt Demerest of Jersey City, New Jersey. She was slightly larger that the tug Turecamo Girls which had been launched in late 1932, early 1933 at Bath Iron Works.
Although her main engine was diesel, the tug was outfitted with a Babcock and Wilcox steam boiler, with a working pressure of 250psi. The boiler supplied steam to oil barges that where fitted with cargo pumps for discharging cargo. She was a single screw tug rated at 800 horsepower.
Her interior joiner work was built of lumber that remained after the construction of J. Piermont Morgan's yacht the Corsair which was built at Bath Iron Works some in 1930. This included mahogany, teak, and other exotic woods. Her wheelhouse and deckhouse was stained and varnished, with a white trim.
In September of 1939, she towed a 250(ft) barge loaded with pontoons from the Brooklyn Navy Yard to the waters off of Portsmouth, New Hampshire where the U.S. naval submarine the USS Squalus had sunk, and was subsequently salvaged. Every Spring, she would also tow the five masted barkentine Marsala from Mill Basin in Jamaica Bay, New York to City Island, New York for use as a training ship and would make the return tow every fall.
On February 26th of 1938, Captain Howard L. Wentworth Sr. was on watch aboard the Turecamo Boys when the tug Grace Ann Lee (east bound from the Kill

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.960669
Retrieved Text: Here is shown one of the pontoon boats used by the Army of the Potomac in the construction of bridges. Each boat was drawn by six mules, and was accompanied by a wagon, carrying plank, ropes, and anchors. In building a pontoon bridge, the boats would be slid off from the wagons into the water, and rowed out into the stream, where they were made stationary by means of ropes and anchors attached to the bows. Timbers were then laid from boat to boat, and the plank laid down, the whole being firmly lashed together with ropes. In crossing a stream when closely pursued by the enemy, the anchors could be taken up, and one end of the bridge detached from the shore, thus allowing it to swing round with the current, against the bank, where it could be taken up at leisure. When used as a permanent crossing, a box containing a lantern was placed at each end of the bridge at night, for the purpose of signaling the approach of teams. Before any one was allowed to cross the bridge after dark, the sentry would open and close the door of the box three times, as a signal to the sentry on the opposite side that the bridge was about to be occupied, thus preventing the meeting of wagons on the narrow structure. The different armies used a great variety of pontoons during the war. Some had corrugated iron boats, others, frames covered with thick canvas, and on a few occasions inflated gutta percha

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.91738
Retrieved Text: Tanda Malaika and crew were filled with energy and excitement, knowing that today was the day.
Everyone worked together and gave our girl a thorough scrub down – all stern salon floor boards were played out on the dock and cleaned and decks, helm and everything in between were scrubbed. For our canal transit we have a wonderful new crew member. Suzanna is from Denmark and needed a ride across the canal. She is 19 and such a sweetheart, so she has fit right in with the creatures and has become the newest family member.
We were told be on the flats by 1pm for a 4pm crossing time, so we said our goodbyes and see you laters to the beautiful people we’ve been rubbing shoulders with at Shelter Bay.
April and Cain who run the sail loft and do an amazing job on canvas work and sail repair, and of course Rodger, Hannah and their dog Mariana. They are headed in the same direction we are, so we’ll see them soon.
and soon that wonderful feeling of sea air blowing through our hair and the gentle roll over the waves under our hulls, was so calming and felt perfect.
Many large ships were anchored waiting their turn through the canal, so we zig zagged through them all and made our way to where smaller vessels lay at anchor.
One of Steve Jobs boats, named Venus, was anchored there. It is over 200ft long and cost $100 million dollars.
We waited patiently for our 4pm slot, some of us taking naps and others

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.55586
Retrieved Text: Visitors have a rare opportunity to explore, inside and out, the 45-foot-wooden fish tug Hope. The tug was built in 1930 by Sturgeon Bay Boat Works and owned by the well-known Stanley Voight fishing family. Watch an intriguing video that captures the tug’s final fishing trip before it was retired and donated to the museum in 1992.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.537758
Retrieved Text: The average pay for a Tug Boat Captain is $33.73 per hour.
The average pay for a Tug Boat Captain is $101,460 per year.
The position of tug boat captain requires a demonstrated ability to multitask, as well as strong leadership and command skills. A tug boat captain has the legal responsibility and accountability for the safe operation of a tug boat under a variety of challenging conditions and situations. Tug boats are used to push or pull cargo barges to transport materials and goods both domestically and internationally. They also are used to provide berthing assistance to large ships in harbors, as well as recovery and towing services to vessels in distress.
Using their specialized training, education and lifelong experience in local operating environments, tug boat captain determine how best to utilize navigational aids, as well as their boat's equipment, to safely transport barges and tow ships to their final location. They are responsible for the logistically, and often financial, interactions with both senior management and crew members on client vessels. They must have the ability to provide services on the high seas as well as in harbors, straits, rivers, and bays in order to be successful.
Tug boat captain also must be able to maintain the records, documentation and ship's logs required by international, federal, state and local laws and policies. This means that they must keep current on applicable shipping and marine laws and how they relate to the efficient operation of their tug boat.
Pay by Experience for a Tug Boat Captain has a positive trend. An

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.496439
Retrieved Text: 24mm x 2m Natural Manila Rope (CLEARANCE STORE) Natural Manila rope is a durable rope which is rough to the touch. 100% natural Manila Rope made from the leaves of the abaca plant. Ideal to be used for decking rope or tug of war ropes. ..
28mm x 1.5m Natural Manila Rope (CLEARANCE STORE) Natural Manila rope is a durable rope which is rough to the touch. 100% natural Manila Rope made from the leaves of the abaca plant. Ideal to be used for decking rope or tug of war ropes. ..
28mm x 10m Natural Manila Rope (CLEARANCE STORE) Natural Manila rope is a durable rope which is rough to the touch. 100% natural Manila Rope made from the leaves of the abaca plant. Ideal to be used for decking rope or tug of war ropes. ..
28mm x 4.3m Natural Manila Rope (CLEARANCE STORE) Natural Manila rope is a durable rope which is rough to the touch. 100% natural Manila Rope made from the leaves of the abaca plant. Ideal to be used for decking rope or tug of war ropes. ..
28mm x 6m Natural Manila Rope (CLEARANCE STORE) Natural Manila rope is a durable rope which is rough to the touch. 100% natural Manila Rope made from the leaves of the abaca plant. Ideal to be used for decking rope or tug of war ropes. ..
28mm x 8m Natural Manila Rope (CLEARANCE STORE) Natural Manila rope is a durable rope which is rough to the touch. 100% natural Manila Rope made from the leaves of the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.271643
Retrieved Text: We are so excited to finally share this incredible styled shoot with you! The custom wedding invitation suite we crafted for this styled shoot incorporated bold yet timeless elegant details to create a unique look that almost feels like it's from a different era. Soft blush tones accompanied by rich burgundy pointed pen calligraphy made for a moody feel, so we paired that with modern gold leaf and acrylic paint touches for some juxtaposition. Those details all combined perfectly and made the most dreamy set of stationery we've created yet! Truly, every aspect of this shoot was so light and airy, making it feel timeless and effortless.
We automatically assume that any venue with "Mansion" in the title is going to be amazing, but holy toledo this place is beyond dreamy! The shoot was designed by Melissa Mathis from Forever and a Day Events and captured by Ashley Slater Photography. They did such an incredible job pulling every detail together, and the Felt Mansion served as the perfect backdrop for this elegant shoot.
One of our favorite aspects of the shoot is how thoughtfully our stationery was styled for photos. The dainty flowers, rich berries and stunning jewelry were the perfect touches. The suite featured delicate, classic-style pointed pen calligraphy on soft cotton paper with deckled edges. It's amazing how much drama and detail a deckled edge can bring to paper goods. The way our custom suite played off each detail, like the muted blush tones of the floral arrangements, was SO DREAMY. We've got all the heart

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: Context: Riley told Taylor that they had found a dog tied up in a park.

Question: How would you describe Riley?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: like Taylor should help with the dog

B: Happy

C: Upset

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.69563
Retrieved Text: A 38-year-old mum-of four hanged herself in a children&apos;s playpark, an inquest has heard.
A group of four youths walking through Cary Park Avenue in Torquay at 1.20am told a nearby resident they had seen woman in the park, and she called police.
Dog units were dispatched and the woman was found dead among the children&apos;s play equipment.
Torbay coroner Ian Arrow recorded a verdict that Lorraine Maria Lillian Bartlett, 38, had died in the early hours of Sunday, May 22, 2016 and the cause of death was hanging.
The inquest today heard that after the alarm was raised, a search was mounted of trees in the large unlit park area.
The housewife was found by PC Stuart White and police dog Yogi.
In his statement to the inquest PC White said he found no signs of life. A post-mortem examination by pathologist Dr Nicholas Riley the cause of death was hanging.
Dr Susie Patch, a GP at Chelston Hall, said in her statement Mrs Bartlett had a history of mental problems and a diagnosis of borderline personality disorder. She had told the GP she was also drinking to excess.
She was known to the alcohol service and was in the care of a community psychiatric nurse. She was last seen in January.
She had had some chest infections, but the last time her mental health was raised was in October 2012, said the GP in her statement.
PC White told the inquest a bag had been found on a wall nearby with letters and notebooks which enabled them to identify her.
Shortly after her death her

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.474995
Retrieved Text: Travellers have been shifted from land near a multi-million pound housing development on the border of Leigh and Lowton.
But several caravans simply relocated to a car park close to the Plank Lane swing bridge, near one of the entrances to Pennington Flash.
Neighbours had condemned the ongoing saga as a "farce" after the encampment was moved from Tinsley Park Way before the weekend.
The travellers then pitched on a site less than 100 yards away off Riley Bank Road - where they had been based earlier in the summer.
Council bosses and Taylor Wimpey - which has several holdings in the area and is behind the nearby Pennington Wharf housing development - have pledged to work together to combat the issue.
Fed-up residents saw each party claim the other owned the land. The Homes and Communities Agency, which also owns land locally and is Taylor Wimpey's partner, confirmed they were not responsible.
A large mound of builders' waste has been deposited at the top of Tinsley Park Way and several large concrete blocks are positioned at the entrances to the Riley Bank Road cul-de-sac.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.571968
Retrieved Text: CHESTER >> A husband and wife are facing charges after state police say two emaciated, flea-infested dogs were found in their home earlier this year.
Edward Szachewicz, 54, and Sharon Szachewicz, 47, were arrested Tuesday, exactly five months after troopers and the Chester Animal Control officer found the dogs at their home on Castle View Drive, which is in the northeastern part of town near the Connecticut River.
Authorities first received a report the dogs were being abused and neglected on March 23.
They found the dogs, an Akita/Chow mix named Brianna and a Viszla pointer named Barron, were both in need of medical attention.
The Szachewiczs willingly turned the dogs over to the authorities, who took the animals to a local veterinary hospital, police said.
The canines, between 8 and 10 years old, whom Edward Szachewicz boasted were very healthy, well-cared-for and “very attached to one another,” were found tied to an “extremely tangled” metal lead tied to a chain-link fence that gave the dogs about two feet of movement, the warrant says.
Police say Edward Szachewicz told the officer that he didn’t know where the second dog was, but when he was told it was heard barking, brought the canine, “which had difficulty standing up on its own,” up from the basement.
When the officer asked to see the dogs’ food, Edward Szachewicz allegedly looked around the home then said, “I don’t know what the dogs eat,” pointed to some raw chicken bones and said, “there is some chicken,” but no dog food was found.
He then told police his wife was

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.360744
Retrieved Text: It was hard to believe. Riley was great at telling me when she wanted to go to the beach (which was always) or when she was hungry, but I doubted her communications skills ranged to esoteric questions about life and death. Hell, I’m not sure my skills are so great in that department either. I couldn’t come up with an answer for when to put my best pet friend down.
Our health is often connected to the health of our pets. More and more, people have dogs trained as service dogs, to aid them in times of crisis. Others use them for therapy or unconditionally loving companions. Santa Cruz is a capital of dog lovers. Take a look at the car next to you and odds are there is a dog hanging out the window—and half the time, they are sitting on the driver’s lap.
One of the great tragedies is that their lifespans are so much shorter than ours. So what do we do when the animals who once contributed to our own wellness get too sick or too old, and need help from us? When is euthanasia the right thing to do?
Some experts suggest that if their bad days outnumber the good ones, it’s time, but watching my dog, there weren’t really bad days, despite the fact that she didn’t enjoy all the things she used to, like running on the beach.
Riley was a constant, mostly well-behaved companion, and I think she knew more people than I did. She really was a best friend, and I

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.831873
Retrieved Text: But those facts don't always hold true at Pete Taylor Park. Not for Conference USA's first-place team, the Southern Miss Golden Eagles.
All that happened Sunday, yet USM walked off -- literally and figuratively -- with a 12-11 victory over Middle Tennessee State.
"What do they call that, 'Magic at The Pete?'" asked a smiling right fielder Dylan Burdeaux after Southern Miss completed a three-game Conference USA sweep of Middle Tennessee State.
Burdeaux certainly did his part in the victory with three hits, a walk and two RBIs, including the run-scoring hit that tied the game 11-11 in the ninth inning.
"It was a big win, a big come-from-behind win," Burdeaux said. "It was crazy, definitely crazy, but better to come out on top."
The win gives USM a 25-8 overall record and an 11-1 mark in Conference USA. The Eagles are now two games ahead of both Florida Atlantic and Rice in Conference USA.
And while the C-USA standings are of utmost importance, that was secondary when it came to how Southern Miss won Sunday's game.
The Golden Eagles led 5-2 after three innings, but the Blue Raiders cut it to 5-4 in the fourth inning and went ahead 9-5 in the top of the fourth when Austin Dennis' line drive to center field got past USM center fielder Jake Sandlin for an inside-the-park grand slam.
After seven, it was 11-8, MTSU, and looking good for the visitors. But it was not over.
"Coach told me, 'Hold them right here and keep us in it," said USM reliever Cody Livingston, who relieved Austin Millet,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.803013
Retrieved Text: The RSPCA is investigating allegations that this dog fell off the back of a ute and later died from its injuries. Credit: Tahwyn Breneger/Facebook.
A DOG has died after reportedly being dragged behind a ute and left for dead by the driver.
The RSPCA is asking anyone with information about the dog to come forward.
A post, written by Tahwyn Breneger and shared thousands of times on Facebook, claims the sharpei cross fell off the back of a white, single cab ute about 7pm January 18 on Pattison Street in Emu Park, near Yeppoon.
Miss Breneger, 27, of Zilzie, told The Courier-Mail the dog's lead was too long to be tied to the utility vehicle, causing the dog to be dragged behind the ute and around the block onto Granville Street.
"From what witnesses said, he fell off somewhere along Pattison, out the back of Drakes supermarket's car park," she said.
"He was dragged past the Pine Beach Hotel, around on Granville and then around onto Emu Street which is where the lead, that was attached to his chain, had snapped and the dog was left on the road.
"A few quick-thinking patrons chased after the guy to let him know his dog was in trouble, to which the driver slowed down momentarily before speeding off around the corner, leaving this poor guy for dead."
Miss Breneger and a friend ran to the dog to see if they could assist.
"Surprisingly even after being dragged (by a choker chain) and run over several times this guy still had a lot of fight left in him,"

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.665884
Retrieved Text: Pawsitive Impressions: NEIGHBORLY, PET-CENTRIC Delaware, Ohio Team Members Goes the Extra Mile to Find Neighbor an A-DOG-Able Outfit!
NEIGHBORLY, PET-CENTRIC Delaware, Ohio Team Members Goes the Extra Mile to Find Neighbor an A-DOG-Able Outfit!
I asked Taylor H. (I believe "H" the initial of her last name) for some help with dog outfits. She stopped what she was doing, and immediately went to work to help me find the cute dog costume I wanted in the right size for my little Havanese. Taylor told me that the store had just gotten a new box of dog clothes that were still in an unopened box in the back. She ran to the back, cut it open, and helped me search for something adorable to buy my little dog. Although we never found that EXACT original outfit, I left the store with something even cuter thanks to Taylor H.! I should probably mention I walked in the store intending to buy just a collar and a leash. I ended up buying so much more due to Taylor's great service and your great selections. I've been a dog owner for nearly 15 years, and have shopped for dog supplies at ALL of the "big box" pet retailers, small pet boutiques, and even several apps and websites over the years. I'm absolutely a loyal Pet Supplies Plus customer after my experience today with Taylor H.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.462334
Retrieved Text: Good morning everyone! I hope you are doing well today! I cannot believe that it is December now. Time is just flying by! I am very happy to say that Riley had his teeth scaling and cleaning last Tuesday and I thought I would take today to tell you how it went.
Puffy-Faced and Sleepy-eyed Riley after his surgery.
I better give a quick recap if you haven’t been following along with Riley’s teeth story. We stopped giving Riley bully sticks about a year ago when we realized that his teeth were starting to get a lot of plaque build up. In May, the vet told us that Riley needed a cleaning and a scaling. In order to do that, he needed to be under anesthesia. To go along with the whole procedure, he would need blood work, and xrays and possible teeth pulled. We thought that this seemed to be an extreme measure since he only just started getting plaque on his teeth.
Instead of going with the whole procedure, we tried giving Riley different chew toys and dental treats that would take the plaque off without all of the fuss. Although these things may have stopped the plaque from getting worse, they didn’t take away what was already there. We decided recently that it would be best for Riley to get the procedure. So I scheduled the appointment for last Tuesday.
We were told not to give Riley any food starting 8 pm Monday night. Then I brought him in Tuesday morning around 8 am. One of the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.206512
Retrieved Text: Former UFC middleweight champion Frank Shamrock admitted he left his mother's dog at Dallas Love Field Airport for five days after being unable to find someone to adopt the animal.
On Thursday, Rebecca Lopez of WFAA reported Dallas police are investigating Shamrock for animal cruelty after he tied the dog to a truck with food and water before boarding a plane to California.
"They can charge me with whatever. I will show up. It is what it is. I'm not hiding in any way," Shamrock said. "It's an unfortunate and terrible thing. I'm an animal lover and I ran away crying."
He added: "Here is what I guarantee. That dog is alive and safe right now and I couldn't guarantee that before I tied that dog to the truck and left."
Shamrock made a Facebook post March 2 looking for anyone willing to adopt the dogs while he helped move his mother out of her home. He told WFAA he found a home for one of the animals, but nobody would take Zelda, a seven-year-old dog.
"That weekend it was extremely cold so the dog could freeze, low temperatures, a number of things could have happened to the dog,” animal-rights activist Meg Sherman told WFAA after explaining that leaving a dog unattended is illegal.
Dallas Animal Services took in Zelda after she was found. Dallas police are in the process of deciding whether to file charges in the case.
Shamrock, who last fought with the Strikeforce promotion in 2009, told Lopez he would return to Dallas to "face the consequences" if charged.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.200535
Retrieved Text: “He gives [passersby] an arm hug and when you try to leave, he pulls your arm in tighter and doesn’t let go."
Riley was adopted from a shelter in Big Bear, California, at 10 weeks old after his former family couldn’t keep him anymore. His new mom had been searching for a while for a golden retriever to adopt after losing her other dog, and was thrilled when sweet Riley finally joined her family. From the very beginning, Riley was always the sweetest dog and loved making friends with every new person he came across, but his mom had no idea just how popular he would eventually become.
Since Riley is such a social, friendly dog, he loves standing on a little box his mom put outside for him and hanging his paws over the wall that encloses his family’s patio so he can observe his Los Angeles neighborhood and watch people and cars go by. His love for looking over the wall has grown in recent years, and now he’s out there all the time — much to the delight of every single person who happens to pass by.
… with people whom she’s never met before!
To Riley, absolutely no one is a stranger — just a friend he hasn’t met yet.
“He gives you an arm hug and when you try to leave, he pulls your arm in tighter and doesn’t let go,” Walden said.
If Riley sees someone passing by but isn’t sure if they’re going to come over to say hi to him or not, he’ll casually

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.784622
Retrieved Text: Geo the dog took "man's best friend" to a whole new level when he saved his owner's life. After losing his job and going through a bad breakup a few years ago, 23-year-old Byron Taylor of Gloucester, U.K., was suffering so much he was planning on taking his own life ... until Geo stepped in.
"Geo saved me," Taylor told The Dodo. "If he wasn't there, I wouldn't be here ... I was adamant I was going to kill myself."
"As time went on I felt I had no life left and there was simply only one way out," Taylor said.
He had gone so far as to prepare a noose and write a goodbye letter to his mother when Geo grabbed the rope Taylor was going to use.
Normally a laid-back dog, Geo refused to let Taylor take the rope from his jaws - he even growled at his beloved human to keep him from getting it back. "This was not like him," Taylor told said.
"In a way, I think Geo knew what I was going to do. They have a sixth sense about this kind of thing," Taylor told the U.K.'s Mirror. "He knew something was up."
Sadly, Geo and Taylor are now facing a new set of challenges - about a month ago, Geo was diagnosed with aggressive cancer. He's already had three surgeries, but his prognosis is grim.
Now Taylor is trying desperately to save his beloved dog - he's organized a fundraising page and planned to do a special walk in Geo's honor. The money raised there

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.607265
Retrieved Text: Shar Pei mix left at a Scottish station with a rolling suitcase containing his pillow, toy, bowl and food.
January 7, 2015, 9:56 a.m.
Scottish authorities are looking for the person who abandoned a dog at railway station, leaving a suitcase containing the dog's belongings.
The young Shar Pei mix was found tied to a railing in the Ayr train station Friday night next to a rolling suitcase that contained a pillow, toy, bowl and food.
The Scottish Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) is caring for the dog and trying to track down the owner.
The dog is microchipped, so authorities were able to learn the animal's name is Kai. When they contacted the person registered to the microchip, the person said they sold Kai on Gumtree, a classifieds website, in 2013 and didn't have a way to contact the new owner.
"This case highlights the potential consequences of selling an animal online as it often leads to the impulse buying of pets that people know very little about,” SPCA Inspector Stewart Taylor said in a news release.
If found, Kai’s owner could be charged under Scotland's Animal Health and Welfare Act and face a lifelong ban of keeping animals.
Taylor said Kai is a "lovely dog with a nice nature," and estimates that he's 2 to 3 years old.
The SPCA will care for the dog until they find him a permanent home — and it doesn't seem like that will take very long.
Photos of Kai sitting beside his small suitcase have attracted thousands of comments on social media from

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.53099
Retrieved Text: On Monday January 21, 2019, my heart was shattered when I lost my beloved beagle Riley to lymphoma cancer.
It all started back in November 2018 when Riley had some nasal issues that wouldn’t go away. We took a few trips back and forth to the vet until all of his blood work and tests came back ok and he was given a clean bill of health. A month and a half later I began noticing that Riley’s lymph nodes around his neck felt swollen and enlarged. I called my vet again and brought him back in for a visit. The vet not only noticed that the lymph nodes around his neck were enlarged but he also had enlarged glands on the back of his legs and around his chest area, symptoms that were not apparent in my previous visits. She suggested we do a fine needle aspiration to see if Riley could have cancer.
It took a few days – what seemed like an eternity – to get the results in and I got the phone call no dog parent ever wants to receive. “Jennifer, I’m sorry, your dog has lymphoma cancer.” I am sure there was more to the conversation but that was all I picked up on, and my mind immediately wandered off to think the worst.
The vet recommended I see an oncologist at Upstate Medical Center in Latham to discuss my options. I made the call and was told that the oncologist could not see Riley for a month and I was devastated, I

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.161222
Retrieved Text: PHOENIX – The Phoenix Mercury picked up where they left off. Meanwhile, this was not the way the Sparks wanted to start their season.
Penny Taylor hit two free throws with 1.5 seconds left to lift the defending WNBA champions to a 78-77 victory over the Sparks in the league’s season opener Saturday.
After Diana Taurasi made two free throws to give Phoenix a 76-75 lead with 17.8 seconds left, Noelle Quinn hit a 12-foot bank shot to put the Sparks back in front with 4.7 seconds to go.
That’s when Phoenix coach Corey Gaines set up an inbounds play for Taylor to drive to the basket.
Candace Parker scored 24 points for the Sparks, including a key basket in the final minute, and grabbed 12 rebounds.
The teams were tied at 70 with three minutes left, and the Sparks took a 75-72 lead on Parker’s leaner with 55 seconds left. Tameka Johnson’s layup cut it to 75-74, and Parker missed a 16-footer with 24 seconds to go. Tina Thompson fouled Taurasi 7 seconds later.
Phoenix had an advantage at the free throw line, making 24of 31, while the Sparks were 10 of 16.
Rookie Andrea Riley added 16 points and DeLisha Milton- Jones had 10 for the Sparks.
Gillom, who took over after Michael Cooper left for USC, returned to the team where she spent the first six years of her WNBA career as one of its original, and most beloved, players.
With players having just arrived from their overseas clubs, neither team had its full complement in the week leading up to the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.152502
Retrieved Text: A 25-year-old Derby man was driving around with a baton under his car seat as he “genuinely feared for his life” having been attacked just weeks before.
Kieran Riley was found to be carrying the weapon during a routine stop and search by the police in Moore Street, Normanton, on November 5.
Southern Derbyshire Magistrates’ Court was told that officers pulled his car over after following it up Normanton Road and then asked for permission to check the vehicle over.
Emma Heath-Tilford, prosecuting, said: “They found an extendable ASP (a handheld baton) underneath the driver’s seat.
“He was taken into custody where Mr Riley was very anxious to explain his reasons for having it.
“He told officers he had been attacked a few weeks prior, it was completely unprovoked but he had chosen not to report it to the police because the person who attacked him did so in a case of mistaken identity.
“After it had happened he was offered the baton by a friend and he took it.
Riley, of Chervil Road, Stenson Fields, pleaded guilty to one count of possession of an offensive weapon and was handed a 12-month community order, with 60 hours unpaid work.
Magistrates also ordered him to pay £85 prosecution costs and an £85 victim surcharge.
Pardeen Kalyan, for Riley, said his client is a railway worker and whose partner is four-and-a-half months pregnant with their child.
He said Riley did not use drugs which the hearing was told was the reason the police decided to pull his car over.
Mr Kalyan said: “Mr Riley was perfectly compliant with the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.123379
Retrieved Text: The blue tarp wasn’t well-hidden, but still hard to see in the dark at Campbell Creek Park, a few blocks south of Tudor Road.
“Who is It?” came a man’s voice from inside the shelter.
I explained through the tarp wall that we were doing the Anchorage Point-in-Time Count of the number of people in town who are homeless. I asked if they could answer a few questions.
“It’s not a good time,” the man said. I thought I heard a woman’s voice as well.
I told them I could leave a package with some socks.
Goody bags are the calling cards and thank-you gifts of the Point-in-Time Count. The bags include warm socks and referral cards for help to housing.
“Do you have any snacks?” the woman asked.
David Taylor, one of our team of volunteers, told them that there were granola bars in the goody bags.
I held it just off the snow as I reached around the opening of the shelter, not looking in.
“That’s good right there,” the man said.
A few minutes later I thought that was silly to say. How good an evening can it be in a tarp and tent on a January night among spruce and deadfall, well within earshot of Tudor traffic, yet so far from anything to call home? From the opening of their makeshift shelter the couple could have seen the lamplight in an apartment window facing the park, warm light that signals socks in a drawer and snacks in a cupboard.
Peter Johnson, David Taylor, and Mike Gutkin during the 2019 Point in Time Count.
We

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.020155
Retrieved Text: Elvis Presley's Granddaughter, Riley Keough, Is Married!
They can't help falling in love with each other! Riley Keough and fiancé Ben Smith-Petersen are married, just six months after announcing their engagement.
The couple tied the knot in an intimate affair on Wednesday in Napa, California. We have yet to hear about any details, such as her wedding dress, but we're pretty sure it was a rockin' good time. According to Us Weekly, there were plenty of famous guests in attendance to celebrate with the newlyweds, including Kristen Stewart, Zoe Kravitz, Cara Delevingne, and the bride's Mad Max: Fury Road costars Abbey Lee and Courtney Eaton, as well as her ex-boyfriend Tobias Jesso Jr.
Keough, the daughter of Lisa Marie Presley and granddaughter of Elvis and Priscilla Presley, met her now-husband in 2012 while filming Mad Max: Fury Road and made their relationship public last January. Smith-Petersen, a stuntman, adorably confirmed their engagement in August with a Facebook photo of them grinning with her diamond engagement ring visible and the caption, "So that happened."
Shortly after the happy news broke, friends were vocal with approval. "So happy for them. They joked about having a dog 'baby' together now and how it was just a matter of time until they made it official," a source told Us Weekly at the time.
As another put it, "They're very serious. They're perfect for each other. Great people."
Though they stayed mostly under the radar during their betrothal, Keough was spotted celebrating her bachelorette party a few months later with friends including Kristen Stewart at the Madonna

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.682898
Retrieved Text: A teenager flashed a high-powered lamp up to 10 times at a police helicopter while it was searching for a missing person, a court heard.
Kevin Riley, 18, who lived on a travellers’ site at Bangor in Gwynedd, admitted acting in a manner likely to endanger an aircraft, obstructing a police officer and behaving in a threatening manner.
Caernarfon crown court heard that, last July, the helicopter crew were 800ft above Bangor at night, searching for a missing person judged to be at high risk of suicide. The pilot noticed a beam of light.
Prosecuting barrister John Philpotts said: "The pilot was unable to see clearly the high ground around him so climbed to avoid any risk of collision."
The court heard the mission was disrupted, and Riley had a hunting lamp and a lurcher dog when detained by a police patrol.
A Taser was drawn to arrest the defendant, said Mr Philpotts.
Judge Huw Rees imposed six months detention, suspended for a year. Riley must do 180 hours unpaid work and a rehabilitation activity.
The judge told him: "This is a serious offence. It could have had real consequences for the occupants of the police helicopter. It could have caused a crash."
He said Riley had the prospect of work on a farm at Carnforth in Lancashire, and he wouldn’t blight his life at the age of 18.
James Coutts, defending, said Riley needed counselling to address issues in his life but wasn’t without hope.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.492418
Retrieved Text: Jeremy Taylor took a drive in Deschutes National Forrest on February 24 with his dog Ally, but the vehicle got stuck in the snow, the Deschutes County Sheriff's Office said on Facebook. He was last seen getting petrol in Sunriver, Oregon, before becoming stuck in deep snow later that day.
Jeremy told investigators he and his dog Ally got stuck in the snow while snowmobiling on Sunday, Feb. 24th. He then fell asleep and woke up Monday to even more snow, unable to get out of the vehicle. A search and rescue team member on a large snow tractor brought them out of the woods, the Deschutes Sheriff's Office said in a post on Facebook.
In response to someone who commented on his status update, he wrote: "Taco Bell fire sauce saves lives" and he really wasn't joking either. Taylor attempted to walk with Ally, but the snow was too deep and they returned to the vehicle.
On Friday, a snowmobile rider came upon Taylor's vehicle, and called for help.
In a Facebook post, the Sheriff's office said Taylor had kept warm over the five-day period by periodically starting his vehicle and using "a few taco sauce packets he had as food".
They were later reunited to family and friends.
An Oregon man was rescued Friday after being trapped inside his auto for five days with only taco sauce packets to eat. "Got lucky, let's never do that again", cited by The Guardian. The only food he had were leftover taco sauce packets. "I'll be in touch with everyone soon", he wrote

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.476679
Retrieved Text: 7/13 - Someone threw a rock through the window at Jack’s Spring Canyon Service but got away with only about $20 worth of items. The thief scattered Cheetos onto the parking lot. The window will cost about $100 to replace. It was reported that the store might have the thief on its security tape.
- A person who walks regularly along Martin Road said he saw several batteries just out of view stashed along the road. Police found three batteries but haven’t received any report of missing batteries.
- A woman on E. Grand Coulee Avenue who had been asked to leave a property by the owner was told by police that she had two hours to pack her things and leave.
- The owner of a property on Cardinal Road who was trying to evict a tenant was told she needed to have the court make an eviction decree and give it to the Grant County Sheriff’s Office to carry out. The property is outside the city of Grand Coulee.
- A woman was told to stay away from Jack’s Spring Canyon store or she would be banned from the place.
- A man reported that while cleaning up a place a woman had been kicked out of, he found a fake $100 bill under the mattress. He put it in an envelope to be delivered to police. The same woman tried to move into a home on Dill Avenue, but the man told police he wanted her out. She was told to leave or she would be arrested.
- An

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.455748
Retrieved Text: Euless police say Terrell Hill, 23, of Euless has been accused of abusing Riley. He remained in the Tarrant County Jail in Fort Worth on Wednesday.
The goal is for Riley to be adopted.
Euless police found the puppy on March 16 when responding to a domestic disturbance at a Euless apartment in the 300 block of Vine Street. A woman told police that her boyfriend had shoved and threatened her.
While at the apartment, the officers discovered Riley.
“Officers contacted animal control to take possession of the animal and seek medical treatment for the dog,” Euless police Lt. Eric Starnes said in an email Wednesday.
Police arrested Hill on an assault charge and he was later charged with cruelty to an animal.
Euless animal control officers then called Vela at Trinity High.
The puppy, who later got the nickname “Riley,” arrived at the Animal Hospital & Clinic of Arlington on St. Partrick’s Day. He weighed 14 pounds and feared everyone.
More than two weeks later, he weighs just over 18 pounds, licks hands and his back is healing, though he may never grow hair in that spot again.
The puppy gets to go home every night with Brace, the animal hospital manager, and she brings him back with her to the hospital every workday.
The 45 to 50 GAP members will be out to help Riley, a project that the club knows something about. For the last 10 years, the all-girls club at Trinity High has helped the Euless Animal Shelter with the care of abandoned dogs and cats, and helps get the animals ready

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.41986
Retrieved Text: ARGYLE fielded the same starting line-up for the fifth Sky Bet League One game in succession when they visited Wycombe Wanderers on Saturday afternoon.
The Pilgrims had won their four previous league games going into the game at Adams' Park.
With no new injury concerns, and with midfielders Conor Grant and Jamie Ness, and forward Joel Grant remaining unavailable, manager Derek Adams' selection was something of a formality.
Argyle (4-2-3-1): 21 Kyle Letheren; 23 Ashley Smith-Brown, 5 Ryan Edwards, 14 Niall Canavan, 3 Gary Sawyer (capt); 4 Yann Songo’o, 8 David Fox; 11 Ruben Lameiras, 7 Antoni Sarcevic, 10 Graham Carey; 19 Freddie Ladapo. Substitutes: 1 Matt Macey (gk), 2 Joe Riley, 9 Ryan Taylor, 17 Lionel Ainsworth, 25 Scott Wootton, 26 Oscar Threlkeld, 35 Luke Jephcott.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.369417
Retrieved Text: The Sooke Tsunamis proudly model their Silver District Cup and medals.
The Sooke Tsunamis U-15 girls soccer team finished their season on a high.
The Sooke Tsunamis U-15 girls soccer team finished their season on a high, finishing as champions with the U15 Silver District Cup. As a team, they made it to the Lower Island District Cup finals, which was played on Saturday, April 6 at West Hills stadium.
They won their soccer match against Cowichan, with a final score of 2-1 in a well-fought battle.
The game started with the Tsunamis dominating the first half and seeing many chances to score. Forwards Cassidy Logan and Hailey Dimock had many opportunities, with the support of their mid-fielders Morganne Orchard, Alexis George, Mary Gaj, Morgan O’quinn and Taylor Benard. In spite of all efforts, the ball would not go in the net.
The back line played tight with Rachael Wiebe as sweeper, Katija Pallot as stopper, and the outside defenders Kiomi Yates, Sarah Ehman and Riley McLean. Goalkeeper Hope Millard made some outstanding saves in the first half.
At halftime, the score was still tied, 0-0.
Cowichan came out very strong in the second half, penetrating the back line and scoring. The Tsunamis worked very hard with several more attempts to score, but the soccer gods were not shining on Sooke that day — or so it seemed.
The ball came to outside mid-fielder Taylor Benard who took a shot and scored to tie up the match. The game was very intense. Sooke dealt with the pressure, and continued to make many more attempts

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.337214
Retrieved Text: Two people and a police officer were injured Friday evening when police chased a car from Vandergrift to Allegheny Township that crashed into the living room of a group home.
Police said Joshua Aaron Lawhorn Taylor, 23, of Vandergrift fled on foot and surrendered to police after they surrounded him at the Hyde Park walking bridge. Police were working on charges after they arrested Taylor before at about 10:35 p.m.
Two residents who were in the group home at 1518 Hyde Park Road, owned by Family Services of Western Pennsylvania, received what appeared to be minor injuries when the Chevrolet Impala smashed through the ranch home's wall into the living room, according to Allegheny Township Chief John Fontaine.
One resident was taken to Allegheny Valley Hospital in Harrison while the other was treated at the scene.
Vandergrift Police Officer Joe Gray injured his leg during the foot pursuit, according to police.
The car sheared off a gas meter, rupturing a natural gas line that had to be shut off.
Residents in the group home were to be taken to another home for the night, according to police.
Shortly before 10 p.m., Taylor was driving on La Belle Vue Road in Vandergrift and was allegedly weaving and crossed the double lines toward an oncoming Vandergrift police car, according to Fontaine.
Police chased the suspect on the Vandergrift Bypass, to Leechburg Hill Road and then onto South Gosser Hill Road as they approached the Leechburg Bridge.
But the car was traveling too fast to negotiate the turn onto Hyde Park Road, the chief said, and drove through

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.307707
Retrieved Text: The greatest holiday in the history of holidays is Halloween (actual fact). Grown adults get to dress in any ridiculous costume they want without being judged; kids get to collect as much candy as humanly possible (at least as much as will fit in a pumpkin bucket or pillow case) and meet the neighbors in the process. And scary movies, scary decorations and scary everything are everywhere.
Life is good during Halloween time. Life is really good.
But we’re not the only ones who get to enjoy the spookiest holiday of the year — our pets do too! Dogs get to enjoy seasonal treats (pumpkin is actually really good for them), adorably scary toys and of course, the best part of all, Halloween costumes.
Okay fine, dogs MAY not enjoy the costumes as much as WE enjoy their costumes, but they put up with wearing them (at least for a few minutes) because they love us and they know they’ll get treats if they comply.
To celebrate Halloween the right way, I did what any loving, doting dog owner would do. I found the funniest, most ridiculously adorable costumes I could find from PetSmart (which had the biggest inventory and the least expensive costumes I could find), and then made my dog Riley try them on. Because I care about her and her holiday spirit.
I’m not saying Riley’s a model, but she basically is.
1. Here’s Riley sporting a $15-$16 DC Comics Wonder Woman dress, because she’s all about the Year of the Woman.
2. It’s hard to tell which one’s the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.19022
Retrieved Text: An officer then asked a man who lives at the home nearest the scene if any of the dogs were fighting dogs. The resident stated dogs weren’t fighting, but were being bred. The officer asked multiple times if he could check on the well-being of dogs at the scene. The first time, the resident said he was going to feed them. The second, he “became upset and angry” and told police they didn’t have any right to check on his dogs.
The officer told the man he was going to check to make sure the dogs had food, water and shelter. The resident, per the report, became even more angry and started using expletives.
Once the officer reached the wood line, he found several dogs in dog houses and others in plastic barrels with the front half cut open. The dogs were on short chains tied to the dog houses or barrels. None had food at the time.
The officer then found “several” wooden crates and plywood that were nailed and screwed together to make a rectangle. They were put together to create two openings, one on each end of the structure. The makeshift pen “is consistent with a dog fighting” pen, according to the report.
The officer took pictures, and while walking out of the woods found another plastic barrel laying on its side with the lid cut in half, just like others he saw. That barrel contained a “rotting pit bull dog carcass,” the report states.
The officer took pictures of the carcass and contacted York County Animal Control.
Trish

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.92629
Retrieved Text: At Gabrielle Ferrar, each client is treated as if they were family. We invite you to read through our customers’ testimonials and see what they have to say.
It was a perfect weekend, the weather provided us with plenty of sunshine and cool temperatures. Marley loves the ring and of course she said Yes. On Sunday we went for a hike with our dog, Gunner. I found a nice spot over looking emerald bay, with plenty of sunshine (for the ring to sparkle) and a small patch of snow. After a few minute of snow play I ran up the mountain with Gunner and jumped behind a rock. I had the ring inside the pouch and a red ribbon. I tied the pouch around Gunners neck and told him to “Find Mom.” Like the good dog, he went running straight to her and then continued to play keep away for a few seconds with his new found toy. Gabrielle Ferrar made it so much fun and made us feel special. Mona was great to work with and provided me with all the knowledge I needed to purchase the best diamond ring for my fiancé!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.904184
Retrieved Text: Haven’t done this in a while. Here’s a bunch to make up for it.
At Sunnybrook dog park, I saw a bunch of these little mesh bags tied to branches of something I think might be called jewelweed. It has little orange, orchid-like blooms.
First, the bags would be empty, then they’d have something in them–I couldn’t tell if it was a bug or a seed.
Anyone know about these things?
Tags: dog park, jewelweed, what the heck?
Suicide Prevention: I called the cops at the dog park today!
Because I’m usually the only person at the dog park at 6:00 am, I am very aware of my surroundings, and of other people, especially people walking without a dog.
The trail is very wooded, in places rough and forested, but at the end of the trail is a small rock garden with seats maintained by Glendon College. When I reached there, she was sitting on a rock crying. I dropped the handful of litter I’d collected into the trash bin and went over to ask if she was okay.
She was, in no way, okay. She told me nobody could help her, that she was being held down and tortured by the government each night and hadn’t slept in years. That people followed her and just stared. That the police were in on it. That the government had killed her dog.
Her litany devolved into criminals chasing her and robots torturing her. I kept saying she might want to see her doctor. But apparently the medical profession just want to drug her.
I checked her out.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.868692
Retrieved Text: I know I haven’t posted in a while, but I have written this piece (link at the bottom of the page) for VIE magazine about the magnificence and the perils of hiking in Jewel Basin- one of the permier hiking areas in the Rockies of Montana. Located about 45 minutes south of Glacier National Park, it’s about a 30 minute drive up a winding road to get to the trail area’s parking lot.
I never took Trixie or Gizmo, but I could have as it’s dog friendly. Dogs are supposed to be on a leash, of course. On my way up, I passed a dog with his owner, and the dog was not on a leash. Then on my way back, I came across the dog only, coming up the path, away from his owner. I leashed him and called the number on his tag, but other hikers came along and told me that the dog was walking between his two owners, so I skeptically let him go.
Later, I came across the original owner, who was coming back up the trail. He was now looking for the dog, who was lost. I really wish people would be more careful. I happened to have their phone number in my phone since I had tried to call them, so I texted them that evening to find out if they ever found him. Thank goodness, they had.
I had taken a photo of the dog as it left me, and he was looking back, almost as if he was looking for

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.84252
Retrieved Text: Wilshire Division detectives are no longer investigating a case in which bloody symbols were scrawled on a bench in Pan Pacific Park as a hate incident after authorities determined the symbols resembling swastikas were actually Hindu symbols.
The incident drew widespread attention on March 4 after park employees found a large amount of blood in and around a restroom near the park’s recreation center, and the symbols marked on a concrete bench near the playground. Because the symbols were initially believed to be swastikas, which they closely resemble, and there was a large amount of blood found, the LAPD launched an extensive investigation that involved using a blood hound to follow a scent and blood trail leading away from the area. The dog followed the trail south through the park and east on Third until the it went cold.
Nobody linked to the incident was found. The symbols were quickly cleaned up after being documented by authorities.
Senior Lead Officer Perry Jones said park staff later told investigators about a homeless man with a serious foot injury who had frequented the park in the days before the blood was found, and he is likely the person who scrawled the symbols. He added that a woman of Indian descent who lives nearby and saw the symbols told police they were Hindu in origin. Writing associated with Hinduism was also found nearby, he added.
Police are still uncertain about the individual’s identity and vandalism charges could be filed if they are found. Wilshire Division Det. Ozzie Delgadillo added that investigators are determined

================



======= Instance Index 35 =========
Input Text: Context: Carson was very passionate about this topic so he drove home his point.

Question: How would Others feel as a result?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: inspired by Carson

B: angry with Carson

C: relax and relieved

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.39094
Retrieved Text: We're on a mission in our house! We are potty training Hayden finally. We are on week two and he has only had about two accidents so far! (that's tee-tee, not poo!) Here's the new mission.....trying to convince him that boys stand up when they tee-tee!!! I don't know if he's more relaxed sitting down or what, but we're kind of wondering what we're going to do about that when he needs to go at school or out in public! He's watched Matt go, we had him watch my nephew (he even showed him it's ok to go in the backyard!), and we've explained what girls do and what boys do. He just can't make tee-tee come out when he stands up. Maybe it's stage fright? So, if anyone has any pointers for the standing up thing AND what you did when you ventured out of the house in the beginning, it would be much appreciated. Hooray forno more Size 3 AND Size 5 diapers in my house!!!!
I wanted to do a post just about my Carson!! I've been blogging since 2005 when Hayden was born, so he has a lot more tributes to him than Carson does! Of course he makes it in all my recent posts, but his brother is always with him. So, this is for Carson. Carson is definitely completely different than Hayden. I just knew when I had my second child that I would do things just like I did the first time and all would just "flow." Not so much!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.122328
Retrieved Text: JOSSLYN Breckenridge surveyed her appearance in the mirror, nervous even though no one would see her. Except Dash. She knew without confirming that he’d be here, just as he’d been here on this day for the previous two years, waiting to take her to the cemetery to visit and put fresh flowers on her husband’s grave.
She picked up the flowers, her favorite, and brought them to her nose, closing her eyes as she inhaled. They were what Carson always gave her. Every birthday. Every anniversary. Or any time just because. Today she’d place them on his grave and walk away. This time for good.
She walked briskly to the front door, letting herself out and blinking against the sudden wash of sun. Though it was spring, the Houston weather was already warm and she was glad she’d worn the short-sleeved T-shirt instead of the black dress she always wore.
Carson had often laughed and said he was the looks and charm and Dash was the brains of the operation. But Dash was certainly not lacking in looks or charm. They were the complete antithesis of one another. Carson was fair-haired to Dash’s dark brown, and while Carson’s eyes were blue, Dash’s were a deep brown, enhanced by his darker coloring. He wasn’t any less attractive than Carson. His was just a quieter attractiveness. Silent. Brooding almost. He had made Joss nervous back when she’d first met him when she and Carson had dated. Theirs had been a whirlwind courtship. Carson had swept her off her feet, and Joss

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.981958
Retrieved Text: Not many people are worthy of the title "hero." I believe a hero is someone who has overcome great odds and has done everything in his or her power to save people or to change the world. My hero, Ben Carson, was born on September 18, 1951, in Detroit Michigan, and grew up in a very poor family. His grades were constantly below average, but decided that he wanted to change the world, and from then, tried harder than ever in his studies to be a neurosurgeon. What makes him so special is that he has fought and won many challenges in his life. He overcame many obstacles and has much to show for it. Carson was determined that everything is possible so long as you work hard at it and hope for the best, and that's why he is such an inspiring figure in today's world.
Dr. Ben Carson always wanted to change the world, even when he was young, but right from the start; his grades were not good enough. Because of that dream to improve his society, he started to believe in himself and to start working hard. He knew that he didn't want to be poor when he grew up. That meant giving up television time and going outside to play, but what really drove him was when he thought of a bright future lying in wait for him. He remembered when he said: "It was at that moment that I realized I wasn't stupid...." (Academy of Achievement). Ben Carson used to be

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.569534
Retrieved Text: Salina and I direct the SPIN ministry. SPIN stands for Southern Pacific Islander Network. We outreach to inner city kids in the south Bay & Long Beach area. We also lead our annual Summer Youth Camp...usually in August. We also have a worship team that ministers to young people in different churches, events and communities. On Saturday nights, we also host youth gatherings (Saturday Night Live...SNL) open to kids from all churches. At “SNL” gatherings we teach the Word of God, do games, karaoke, etc.
Why are you passionate about what you do with YFC?
We are passionate about this generation of young people who don’t have the opportunity to know Christ. So we create events & gatherings that they can attend that are geared toward young people so that they might build a relationship with Jesus Christ and His Body the church!
We are excited to see young people grow into mature human beings who love Jesus!
We want to see them grow up into young people who will independently study God’s Word and lead their friends into a lifelong relationship with Jesus Christ too!
We are passionate about seeing a large number of students’ lives changed by Jesus at our Summer Camp each year. They see a large number of other young people who are passionate about Jesus Christ! This encourages them to go back to their home churches, communities & their cities and share their experiences at camp with their friends, family & youth groups.
Kiano & Salina have been married for seven years with two boys, Zephaniah (age

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.528927
Retrieved Text: I was incredibly fortunate to hear Carson Wentz address a sold-out crowd at Lancaster Chamber’s Annual Dinner last week. I was also fortunate to have been accompanied by the most passionate Eagles fan I know… my husband, Tom, who bleeds green. He even bought a special outfit for the occasion… okay, I bought the blazer, but he wore it well.
But I would say it wasn’t his words that were most impressive to me. In fact, I didn’t find him to be incredibly dynamic nor did I find his advice on leadership to be profound. He was, well… quite ordinary. And that is precisely what was extraordinary about him.
Our culture tends to put sports stars and famous people on pedestals assuming they have something us regular people don’t have. But Carson said repeatedly that he plays for his “Audience of One” and that’s what keeps him humble. It’s hard to overlook the impact of faith when you remember how young he is and just how much he has accomplished.
He wasn’t a power speaker and his advice wasn’t earth shattering. He was just pretty ordinary… and that’s pretty darn extraordinary. He’s incredibly successful, very well-liked, highly respected and…. he’s just like the rest of us. Working hard to be a leader, helping others experience success around him, bringing home Philadelphia’s first ever Super Bowl championship and… he still gets nervous when he addresses a big crowd. He’s humble about his achievements and he loves the people around him that make him who he is.
I’d say the night was

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.11213
Retrieved Text: As he reflects on his extraordinary career, Dr. Ben Carson is now willing to open his house—and his life story.
Lacena "Candy" Carson wanders around the basement family room of her Georgian-style, Baltimore County estate—hammer in hand—performing an extremely familiar task: She's tacking up plaques and prizes belonging to her husband, Dr. Ben Carson, the internationally-renowned pediatric neurosurgeon.
On this brisk fall night, Candy has fallen a bit behind in her efforts, as she hangs Carson's 2007 honorary doctorate degree from Columbia University and his plaque from Baltimore magazine's Top Doctors 2007, alongside the other honors that fill the walls, glass cases, and specially built niches throughout the residence.
The family room, where Carson likes to unwind over games of pool, ping pong, and foosball, is a sort of makeshift museum of the man known for his gifted hands, and Candy is both keeper and curator. A quick glance at the cases and walls reveals more than 50 honorary doctorate degrees from such institutions as Spelman College, Morgan State University, and Yale as well as certificates, trophies, and statues from numerous preeminent organizations.
"It took me about 12 hours to put all these up," Candy says with a sweep of her arms around the room. "I had to lay them on the floor first to get the proportions just right. I wanted it to be art—not just a bunch of plaques on the walls—and I still have so many to put up that are still in storage."
That's two down for tonight with dozens more to go, because as soon as

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.090256
Retrieved Text: This week the fools rushed in -- if however briefly -- when both CNN and Politico attacked Dr. Ben Carson.
CNN went first, suggesting Carson was a liar and nuts for having claimed in his autobiographical accounts that he had once been a rage-filled adolescent and given examples of his bad youthful behavior. No, said CNN, which said it can’t find any evidence of that. What kind of attack is CNN’s? That Carson had actually been a nice guy, not a thug, all along?
In any event, he went on the network and responded quickly before too many fell for that tale.
Because no one can remember a few fights and a non-stabbing that occurred more than fifty years ago, CNN is smearing Carson as a liar and crazy. Imagine that: growing up in a violent ghetto and not being able to remember someone throwing a rock 57 years ago?
In a 30-minute CNN interrogation by an alternately patronizing, belligerent, and defensive Alisyn Camerota Friday morning, Dr. Ben Carson stayed on offense. He attacked the network based on facts: The fact CNN did not vet Barack Obama; the fact that CNN’s so-called investigative reporters have not talked to people from the era when the incidents occurred; the fact that CNN and the rest of the DC Media only seek to personally destroy Republicans while Hillary Clinton is awarded The Best Week Ever after it was proven she had lied to the American people about Benghazi.
They asserted disingenuously that Carson’s autobiography falsely claimed he’d been admitted to West Point on a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.928774
Retrieved Text: Nimmo Videography ARE YOU A VENDOR?
Nimmo Videography is a team of friendly and passionate videographers who produce many weddings with great quality and prompt services. Wedding videos are shot in a documentary/cinematic style and allow the couple and their guest to relive such a wonderful day.
Nimmo Videography has been producing wedding videos since 2014 with constant growth mainly from great referrals. Aside from weddings, their team has covered hundreds of corporate events including, The Canadian HR Awards and the Rogers Cup. Carson also works as the studio camera operator at Sportnet and on the set of the Tim & Sid Show.
The business covers wedding ceremonies, pre-ceremonies, and reception parties. Clients have the option of extending the duration of team’s services. All packages (including Starter, Standard, and Premium) can be customized to suit a couple’s needs and preferences.
They are happy to travel across the GTA and beyond, often shooting weddings in Muskoka, Barrie, Aurora, Innisfil, Mississauga, Brampton, Toronto, Newmarket, Markham, Richmondhill, and Woodbridge.
Carson is fantastic to work with, able to guide you along decision making with no fuss. He was very professional on the day of our wedding, and we are still getting compliments about our highlight video. He caught amazing moments that my husband and I will cherish forever. Thank you Carson!!!
Thank you very much for taking the time to write this review Chelsea. I had a great time shooting and editing this video together. You were so kind, and trusted in my abilities as a videographer. I really appreciate that. Thank you for choosing Nimmo

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.732855
Retrieved Text: Flipping through a House Beautiful magazine at the library (trying to get ideas for my new office) while waiting for my daughter to check out some CDs, a photo that caught my eye.
Carson Kressley, was showing off his bedroom. I love Carson. He's the cleverist of the Fab 5 on Queer Eye for the Straight Guy, inspirational guru on How to Look Good Naked and apparently he was on Dancing With the Stars (which I missed). His lightening quick, hilarious wit is liberating and he is so sweet!
Then I looked more closely at the photo. Double take! His stylish bedroom was filled with horses! Drawings, paintings, figurines, prints, tchotchkes!
You, dear reader, probably already knew this. Carson Kressley is a passionate horse lover and an accomplished equestrian from way back! When he was five years old he had a pony named Sparky! Awww!
Now he shows American Saddlebreds, riding, driving and loving them. Somehow this all makes sense! Of course Carson is a rider! Of course he loves horses! Why? For the same reason we all do. Because they keep us sane!
See for yourself in this video produced by Equestrian Life.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.656359
Retrieved Text: Some of you may have heard how a few months ago, a fawn coloured kitty arrived at my back window - which doubles as a door - one snowy Saturday morning. I'm sure I tweeted to everyone about his arrival. Anyway, peep #1 let him in 'cause he was crying and it was snowing and she thought he might be hungry.
Over the next couple of months, we saw more and more of Carson. Yes, the peep even gave him a name. Not that he was ever gonna to come live with us or anything. There are already twelve cats in my house and that's a lot of cat! But she said she couldn't keep on calling him cat or kitty or kit-kat like peep #2 was doing. Kit-kat sounds like a chocolate bar and cats aren't allowed chocolate. What a silly thing to call a cat! Every cat deserves a proper name, she said.
Peep #2 thought Carson should go to the Valley Waag Animal Shelter where they would take very good care of him until he found a forever home. The first peep didn't want to do this 'cause she just wasn't sure he didn't already have a home. Carson was friendly so definitely not feral. He could have been abandoned but she kept saying he was a good weight when he arrived and looked fairly well cared for... although he had NOT been neutered, I'm afraid.
Eventually, Carson was spending most of his days and all of his nights here at my house. It was okay

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.580057
Retrieved Text: Updated, 10:36 p.m. | In his rise to the top of the crowded field for the Republican presidential nomination, Ben Carson has endeared himself to conservatives with his inspirational tale of emerging from a single-parent home to become an internationally renowned pediatric neurosurgeon.
Recent news reports have raised questions about episodes he has recounted, including a gunpoint holdup he says he witnessed in the early 1980s and his own violent outbursts in his youth. And on Friday, Mr. Carson acknowledged that he had never been accepted to the prestigious United States Military Academy at West Point, despite numerous statements in his books and in public that implied that he had.
On Friday night, in a combative news conference in Florida in which he showed rare flashes of anger, Mr. Carson gave no ground and challenged the news media on its ethics and balance. In a mocking tone, he said reporters had not investigated President Obama, as a candidate in 2008, so intensely.
“Don’t lie,” Mr. Carson said, cutting off a reporter asking a question about West Point.
“My prediction is that all of you guys trying to pile on is actually going to help me,” he said.
Mr. Carson also pledged not to let claims about him go unchecked. “What you are not going to find with me is somebody who is just going to sit back and let you be completely unfair without letting the American people know what’s going on,” he said.
Yet just a couple of hours after the news conference, another report, in The Wall Street Journal, challenged

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.179754
Retrieved Text: Tributes have been paid to a Norfolk farming champion and community stalwart – described by his family as a sensitive and driven man who was a fierce protector of his industry.
David Papworth, whose family business is based at Felmingham near North Walsham, died suddenly at home aged 73.
He was an award-winning farmer, a senior member of many industry bodies, a long-serving parish chairman, and an integral driving force behind the Aylsham Show and the Royal Norfolk Show, where he was presented with the Timothy Colman Prize in 2007 for his outstanding contribution to farming.
But while he was “immensely proud” of his career achievements, his son Kit Papworth, a director of the family’s contracting firm, said his father would be equally remembered for his energy and community spirit.
“He was a passionate defender of his industry,” he said. “In the early part of his life, when he was growing up, it was all about valuing food and food security, and the production of food was really important to him. He couldn’t understand why we would import food when we could grow it. For him, it was a waste to see land not being cropped.
“He was a hard taskmaster. As a father, and as another farmer, he always wanted to get on. He saw any delay as holding him up or holding him back. It drove the whole business.
“He had this phrase: ‘Rome burns’, meaning while we are sitting here, there’s stuff happening that we could be doing or helping. So he would just get up and say “Rome

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.144672
Retrieved Text: Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson has been the centre of media scrutiny as questions arise about significant moments of his life. The embattled former neurosurgeon is now fighting back, claiming his record is under "special scrutiny" because he is a threat to "the secular progressive movement in this country."
Carson appeared on NBC's Meet the Press on 8 November and said he has never seen a candidate experience the vetting he has experienced in recent days. "I'm a very big threat because they can look at the polling data and they can see that I'm the candidate who's most likely to be able to beat Hillary Clinton. They see that," the recent GOP frontrunner said.
The candidate has been under the microscope over the past few days as more questions arise regarding the factual accuracy of the stories he has published in his books or in interviews he has granted. In one book, Carson claimed he was offered a full scholarship to US military academy West Point. That claim was later refuted by an investigation by Politico.
He attempted to do damage control during an interview with CBS News's Face the Nation, claiming he was told he could receive the scholarship and that his words had been misconstrued. "Well, you notice, I said it was offered," Carson told host John Dickerson. "I didn't say I received it." He added that he included the anecdote in his book because he had "tremendous admiration, obviously, for West Point, which is why I, you know, included that story."
Carson's past alleged experience with

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.078003
Retrieved Text: Carson was diagnosed with cerebral palsy when he was 8 months old.
We spent years in physical & occupational therapy which benefited Carson greatly and kept him “on track”. However, about 5th grade the demands of school and Carson’s own interest made weekly therapy visits seem impossible. The pre-teen growth spurt hit and before we knew it Carson had regressed tremendously in his ability to use his right hand and his limp had become more severe. When we went for his annual visit with his neurologist in May (at the end of his 7th grade year) and she was extremely concerned about his regression.
She recommended Powerhouse Therapy’s Constraint Induced Therapy program for Carson. With a limited amount of time to make a decision, I contacted Charlene and she was wonderful in explaining what her program had to offer. However, I remained concerned about Carson being the oldest attending the group session and the age difference between him and the others. It was also a big financial and time commitment since it would be necessary for us to stay in Roswell for those 3 weeks. With many mixed emotions, but with the reality of only a short window remaining to help Carson we signed up.
It was one of the best decisions we have ever made! The staff was great and the program was challenging. There was even a point during the 3 weeks when he wanted to quit. I think the program is harder in some ways for a 13 year old than for the younger children due

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.950056
Retrieved Text: JEFFERSON CITY, Tenn. – The King University baseball team returned to the diamond at Carson-Newman University on Thursday afternoon. The Tornado scored first, but the Eagle had more big innings, taking the contest 9-5.
LOCATION: Silver Diamond; Jefferson City, Tenn.
Tony Valdes scored twice and hit a home run.
Kevin Barbato and Austin Meyer both recorded two hits in the contest.
Hunter Barbour drove in a pair of runs.
Valdes got the scoring started in the third inning when he ripped a home run to center field, giving King the advantage.
However, the Eagles answered with five runs in the bottom of the inning.
The frame was highlighted by a two-run single from Killian Daughtry.
Carson-Newman extended their lead to 6-1 with a run in the fourth before King responded in the sixth inning.
Barbour laced a two-run double before David Carnicella later drove him in with a single, cutting the King deficit to 6-4.
The Eagles regained a four-run advantage at 8-4 as Tyler Thompson and Jordan Griffin hit back-to-back home runs to start the seventh inning.
Carson-Newman added an insurance run in the eighth inning, taking a 9-4 lead into the ninth.
Barbato drove in one in the ninth, cutting the Tornado deficit to 9-5 with one out.
King continued to the load the bases, but Matt Bradley came in and got the final two outs, giving Carson-Newman the 9-5 victory.
Thompson scored twice and drove in two runs.
Daughtry drove in a pair while Ethan Goforth scored twice on two hits.
Carson-Newman hosts Northland University on Friday.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.926474
Retrieved Text: Donald Trump has nominated former opponent Ben Carson as his secretary of housing and urban development.
In a statement from his transition team on Monday, Trump said he was “thrilled to nominate” Carson, saying the retired neurosurgeon had “a brilliant mind and is passionate about strengthening communities and families within those communities”, reported the Guardian.
“Ben shares my optimism about the future of our country and is part of ensuring that this is a presidency representing all Americans,” he added.
Carson responded to the announcement with a brief statement accepting Trump’s nomination.
“I am honored and look forward to working hard on behalf of the American people,” he wrote.
Carson had previously taken himself out of the running to serve in Trump’s Cabinet amid speculation that the former doctor was being considered to head the Department of Health and Human Services.
A Carson spokesperson said he did not feel he had the experience to run a federal agency and did not want to assume a role “that could cripple the presidency”.
But Carson signaled his thinking had changed in a Facebook post late last month, in which he hinted at a possible position at the federal agency tasked with overseeing America’s fair housing laws and urban development policies.
“After serious discussions with the Trump transition team, I feel that I can make a significant contribution particularly to making our inner cities great for everyone,” Carson wrote in the post on 23 November.
Republicans praised Carson’s personal attributes but were relatively muted in response to Trump’s decision to place an outsider at the helm of one

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.924353
Retrieved Text: On a horrible day at Craik Park, Morpeth and AFC Mansfield lit up the afternoon as they played out an 11-goal thriller with the Highwaymen finally triumphing 8-3.
Town grabbed their goals, with David Carson getting a hat-trick, Chris Reid bagging a brace and solo efforts from Sean Taylor, Jack Foalle and an own goal. Joe Iaciafano grabbed a hat-trick for the hard-working visitors.
Morpeth started on the front foot and deservedly took the lead in the sixth minute as Reid turned and fired home after a corner was cleared by the visiting defence.
After Mansfield had a goal ruled out for offside, Morpeth doubled the lead through Taylor. The diminutive midfielder stooped home to nod home the ball after a cross was put into the box.
The visitors halved the deficit on 18 minutes when Iaciafano slotted home following another great save from Lowson.
The two-goal lead was restored just two minutes later when Jon D’Laryea glanced the ball past his own keeper from Ben Sayer’s cross.
The visitors were given the opportunity in the 38th minute to reduce the lead when Michael Turner clipped the heels of Iaciafano and the on-loan Northampton Town striker netted from the spot.
That wasn’t the end of the scoring in the first half with Carson grabbing his first goal in added time.finding the net via the woodwork to make it 4-2 at the break.
Mansfield were awarded a second penalty in the 57th minute for some shirt pulling and Iaciafano stepped up and this time he rifled it into the top corner to complete his hat-trick.
Reid

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.90179
Retrieved Text: In John17:11 and 15 Jesus specifically prays for his followers to be protected in this world by his name. He doesn’t ask the Father to rescue them out of the world, but to protect them in the world. Time after time we find ourselves wishing for release from this world and its trials. Yet that is not Jesus’ prayer for us. He is still using his people in this world to do his work, bringing his truth, bringing his love, showing the results of his grace.
On one level I understand very well why we would pray to be removed from the world. Our mortal lives are full of disappointment, hurt, and pain. One friend of mine recently commented that as she waited for a medical appointment that had been shifted from one physician to another one she suddenly had to deal with fear that was rather like an abandonment situation many years in the past. She knew it was irrational. That didn’t mean it wasn’t real. Others I work with deal with chronic pain. They may wish every day that the pain would go away. They are told in Scripture that in their heavenly home there will be no more pain. That sounds awfully good. Others live out the nightmare of trying to care for people who are suffering in poverty and who have nothing, no food, no clothing, no means of protection. It’s a nightmare because we realize that there will always be more people in need of care, and that for many of them

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.89226
Retrieved Text: Ben Carson is defending his comments that put the gun control debate front and center in the headlines over the past few days. Carson made some comments seen as controversial when it comes to mass shootings, particularly on the heels of the recent tragedy in Oregon last week. Critics are accusing him of being “insensitive” to the mass shooting victims with some of his recent comments, according to Fox News live today.
According to CBS News on October 7, Carson said that he’d rather see a body with bullet holes over gun control.” This was a comment he made during his Facebook Q&A on Monday night. Then he said while talking about the mass shooting in Oregon this week, “I would not just stand there and let him shoot me,” Carson told “Fox and Friends” live. “I would say ‘Hey, guys, everybody attack him! He may shoot me but he can’t get us all.” he said on Fox News while chuckling on Tuesday.
Carson then explained that he is “not judging them at all. But, you know, these incidents continue to occur. I doubt that this will be the last one. I want to plant the seed in people’s minds so that if this happens again, you know, they don’t all get killed,” he said. He also went on “The View” and once again made the point that teachers should have a gun.
He did say that he would want to see the teachers trained and obviously he wouldn’t want to see that gun sitting out on the desk,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.866055
Retrieved Text: Detroit(CNN) Ben Carson, the soft-spoken, Yale-educated brain surgeon who has surged in the GOP presidential race, has written and spoken powerfully of divine intervention at several pivotal moments in his life.
At the core of his narrative of spiritual redemption are his acts of violence as an angry young man — stabbing, rock throwing, brick hurling and baseball bat beating — that preceded Carson's sudden transformation into the composed figure who stands before voters today.
In his 1990 autobiography, "Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story," Carson describes those acts as flowing from an uncontrollable "pathological temper." The violent episodes he has detailed in his book, in public statements and in interviews, include punching a classmate in the face with his hand wrapped around a lock, leaving a bloody three-inch gash in the boy's forehead; attempting to attack his own mother with a hammer following an argument over clothes; hurling a large rock at a boy, which broke the youth's glasses and smashed his nose; and, finally, thrusting a knife at the belly of his friend with such force that the blade snapped when it luckily struck a belt buckle covered by the boy's clothes.
Ben Carson attends the National Action Network (NAN) national convention at the Sheraton New York Times Square Hotel on April 8, 2015, in New York City.
Carson speaks during the 41st annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at the Gaylord International Hotel and Conference Center on March 8, 2014, in National Harbor, Maryland.
Carson speaks to guests at the Iowa Freedom Summit on January 24, 2015, in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.589397
Retrieved Text: Carson surprised me with his supreme intelligence and fine motor skills in this little video. He must have heard me say, "I think that was an accident," and felt he had to prove himself.
P.S. Thanks to Julie, we finally have a cute blog template! She showed me how to get it here.
I'm not even sure what the word 'intrinsic' means in the title of this post, but it sure sounds good. That may have been the title of my anatomy textbook.
So, yesterday Carson and I made a stop by the hospital to see Grandpa. We were able to visit with him for only a few seconds, and then we watched as he was moved him from his hospital bed to a stretcher to load him into a van and take him back to his assisted living center. Poor grandpa has been through countless transfers like these in the past couple of years, due to a myriad of health problems. Yesterday, he was in pain, uncomfortable, and (understandably) depressed.
As we left the hospital, it struck me that I was holding a very fresh, perfectly healthy 3-month-old little boy who's body might one day be in a state similar to the deteriorating 80-something-year-old man we had just seen. What an incredible change our bodies go through during the course of our lives!!
Not long after our visit with Grandpa, Carson and I set out on our daily jog. (Well, my jog; Carson's nap time in the jogging stroller.) It was FINALLY warm enough to go out in short sleeves

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.493822
Retrieved Text: So Long Dr. Ben, we hardly knew ye. I am sure some of his evangelical devotees will continue to stick with him a while longer, but his campaign is for all intents and purposes as dead as the walkers on “The Walking Dead”. But unlike Glen’s death (or fingers crossed near-death. We will all find out Glen’s fate on November 8th ) I doubt too many people will shed a tear when Dr. Ben eventually drops out of the race. There was always something just a bit “off” about Carson with so many outlandish statements he has made in the past. Here are just a few highlights of the some of his more outrageous comments.
3. Blaming Jews for being killed in the Holocaust “There comes a time when people with values simply have to stand up. Think about Nazi Germany. Most of those people did not believe in what Hitler was doing. But did they speak up? Did they stand up for what they believe in? They did not, and you saw what happened.” – Carson comparing Democrats and those who voted for President Obama to Nazis.
7. The Big Bang is a “fairy tale” and the notion of evolution was encouraged by the devil.
I find the Big Bang really quite fascinating. I mean, here you have all these highfalutin scientists and they’re saying it was this gigantic explosion and everything came into perfect order. Now these are the same scientists that go around touting the second law of thermodynamics, which is entropy, which says that things

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.462229
Retrieved Text: OBITUARY NOTICE— See index for CA sketch: Born October 23, 1925, in Corning, IA; died of emphysema January 23, 2005, in Malibu, CA. Entertainer and author. Carson was best remembered as the familiar face on the late-night television program The Tonight Show, which he hosted from 1962 until 1992. Growing up in a middle-class, Midwestern home, he joined the U.S. Navy after high school, attending midshipman's school at Columbia University and serving part of World War II in the Pacific. After the war, he attended the University of Nebraska, where he received his B.A. in 1949. Carson, though shy and reserved in private, had been interested in entertaining since he was a child. In high school he wrote a humor column for his school newspaper, and at age fourteen put together a magic act. He started his professional career as an announcer for KFAB in Lincoln, Nebraska, in 1948, and also hosted a show for an Omaha television program called The Squirrel's Nest. Moving to Los Angeles, Carson got his own show, Carson's Cellar, on KNXT in 1951, but his first real break came in 1954. He was working as a writer for the Red Skelton Show when Skelton suffered an injury. Carson was asked to guest host in the star's place, and the executive producers were so impressed by his performance that he was offered his own program. Unfortunately, The Johnny Carson Show proved to be a disaster and was cancelled in 1956. Carson decided to move to New York City, where he bounced back

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.451118
Retrieved Text: Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson long maintained he was offered a full scholarship to the United States Military Academy at West Point in New York.
However, an investigation by Politico led Carson's campaign manager to say Carson didn't even end up applying.
Carson was an ROTC student in Detroit in high school. According to at least one of his books, he was introduced to General William Westmoreland who encouraged him to apply to West Point. Following that meeting, Carson wrote, he was offered a full scholarship to the academy.
[Carson] was introduced to folks from West Point by his ROTC Supervisors. They told him they could help him get an appointment based on his grades and performance in ROTC. He considered it but in the end did not seek admission.
If he chose to pursue [the application process] then we would have records indicating such.
Not to mention, tuition at West Point is already covered, so the idea of a "full scholarship" is hazy at best.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.291082
Retrieved Text: The Carson River Track is referred to as one of the last real ‘remote’ 4WD tracks in Australia. It’s well documented that you can finish it without seeing a single vehicle and warnings are stern that if anything comes unstuck on your trip, you’re on your own to sort it out. Situated in the Kimberley, Western Australia it stretches just over 400km in the land between Home Valley Station on the Gibb River Road and ends on Kalumburu Road, just south of the Kalumburu Aboriginal Community. Rocky, rugged, tough-going and isolated best describe the Carson River Track, expect for the isolated part, which I will explain later.
Over the years John had read a lot about the Carson River Track and his interest was piqued after seeing features on a 4WD TV show, so when we started planning our trip around Oz he knew this was one track on his #4WDBucketList to tick off. He is a meticulous planner, so before leaving Cairns, he secured the correct permits, did thorough research on the track and made sure the car was equipped with the appropriate recovery gear for the driving that was ahead of us.
Our Trip 3rd – 6th August.
Before departing El Questro Station after our three-night stay, we topped up our fuel, water and food supplies to be sure we were self-sufficient for the trip ahead and prepared as possible for the ‘unexpected’. The drive along the Gibb River Road between El Questro and Home Valley Station lived up to all expectations. Corrugated, scenic views and full

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.244339
Retrieved Text: They also found Lovette guilty of kidnapping, robbery with firearm, felony larceny and possession of stolen goods.
Following the jury's verdict, Judge Allen Baddour sentenced Lovette to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
"This a difficult day," Judge Baddour said. "I sense from the family of Ms. Carson that they sense the inadequacy of the court system to make this situation right. This act has no place in our society. It is not activity that we can allow to occur in our society. The life Ms. Carson led was too short. But, I know she continues to be an inspiration for thousands in this community and across this country. That is a small consolation."
Carson's family and Lovette declined to make a statement following the ruling.
Prosecutors said during the trial that Lovette and Demario Atwater kidnapped Carson from her Chapel Hill home on March 5, 2008 and then drove her around in her SUV to various ATMs in Chapel Hill and Durham to withdraw cash from her accounts. They then killed her and dumped her body on a Chapel Hill street.
Earlier this year, Atwater took a plea deal on federal charges related to the Carson's kidnapping, carjacking and murder, and is currently serving a life sentence.
In closing arguments Monday, Orange County District Attorney Jim Woodall said that the testimony and evidence presented over the last two weeks clearly showed Lovette's guilt.
"It's hard to imagine a more tragic case than this," Woodall told the jury. "It's hard to imagine what Eve went through that night."
"What the defendant did

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.209738
Retrieved Text: Home Features Mourinho has the Blues purring!
Mourinho has the Blues purring!
Jose Mourinho has got this blues side purring. The first 45 minutes on Saturday was some of the best football seen at Stamford bridge for many a year. The movement, speed of pass, determination and tenacity was from a different dimension. I have been loathe to say it but now I truly believe this team will win the league at a canter. Contrary to a certain Phillip Neville’s belief this team do not have a weakness. Fabregas was outstanding. He was quoted after the match saying ‘ the first 45 minutes was some of the most enjoyable football that I have ever been involved in’. High praise indeed considering the Arsenal, Barcelona and Spanish teams he has played in. The excellent Carson, in goal for the visitors, stated ‘ they play fantastic football, some of the best I have faced, in my career!’.
Mourinho is a brilliant man manager. He even had the audacity to complain about the atmosphere during the QPR victory. He was being Jose! A warning across the bows for everyone, he will not accept complacency, even from the home support! He was rewarded with a more vociferous and continued performance from the stands.
Chelsea started on the front foot and could have been one up in minutes but for the intervention of Scott Carson. The home crowd could bay blood and Chelsea drove forward using the full width of the pitch. Hazard, Oscar and Willian were frightening, Matic and Fabregas in total control and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.197786
Retrieved Text: On Friday, I was at the Statehouse for the last day of filing, when the remainders and oddballs put their names on the ballot because they can. Curiously, Dr Ben Carson also chose “Remainder Day” for filing, and didn’t do himself any favors with the press corps, either.
On Saturday’s GrokTALK! we noted that recent polls were indicating Carson had peaked, and discussed events at the Statehouse. The latest news out of Iowa also does not bode well for Carson, as Sunday’s story from HotAir.com reports.
Let me say right here that Dr Carson is one of the most decent, accomplished, intelligent, all-round good guys in the country. The problem is that, under the spotlight, he tends to dream up answers to questions on the fly – because he thinks he’s smart enough to do that, and that is when we get statements which conservatives find jarring, and people interested in national security find disturbing.
Dreaming up answers on the fly tends to lead to debacles like “We should have a database on EVERYBODY” or “The Department of Education should implement virtual classrooms”, or to policy positions which the Club For Growth calls “all over the map”.
Don’t get me wrong, I applaud Dr Carson when he states something blindingly obvious, but not PC, like we can’t have a president who obeys Sharia law because it’s incompatible with the Constitution, and then stands firm when the “Democrats with bylines” act like it’s an outrage.
The other problem which becomes apparent over time is that Carson doesn’t have a great memory for

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.189104
Retrieved Text: Bengals notebook on the way the keys to strong offensive finishes, Preston Brown happy he's no longer in Buffalo and plans for the running backs without Joe Mixon.
There was reason for nervousness to surround the early weeks of the Cincinnati Bengals season. For a franchise so often based in continuity, they faced opening the year with the most overhaul on the assistant coaching staff as we’ve seen under Marvin Lewis.
Teryl Austin entered at defensive coordinator. Bill Lazor took over full-time as offensive coordinator, but with a collection of new assistants.
How long would it take for everyone to find comfort with each other, adjusting on the fly and working a game plan together?
In the eyes of Lazor, it’s been one of the most encouraging aspects of the team running up 61 offensive points in two weeks.
Especially for a team with a new staff early in the year. Not just that, but a new staff on a team that struggled to close out games on offense for two seasons.
In 2016, the Bengals were dead last in the league in scoring percentage on fourth-quarter drives when the game was within one possession. They only scored on 12.5 percent, a percentage point behind the 1-15 Browns.
In 2017, Lazor was able to improve the often game-defining statistic, moving them up to 19th in the league. They scored on 22.5 percent of drives at the end of close games. Still far from the desired rate.
Early on this year, they are three for three in the category. They’ve all been field goals, but

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.17183
Retrieved Text: We drove down to the Kirkwood access previously tried and asked the locals which was the best route. We found a local worker who had actually done the mountain and he said that the hike from the highway at Carson Spur was longer in miles but would take about the same time as the ski slope hike and was much more scenic. We hiked on the new Thunder Mt. USFS trail right off highway 88, and found it a very nice hike. Near the highpoint we met 3 mountain bikers and coming back down we met a deer hunter and his dog. The hike was very nice - about 7 mi RT and 2,000' elevation gain. Most of the hike there was no sign of human habitation in any direction - not even a repeater tower!

================



======= Instance Index 36 =========
Input Text: Context: Skylar returned early in the evening after a night and day of partying.

Question: How would you describe Skylar?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: a party girl

B: very shy

C: exhausted

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.036354
Retrieved Text: Inventive Leisure is a specialist bar and nightclub operator whose unique selling point lies in the wide range of vodkas offered through its Revolution-branded bars.
The group has its own vodka plant in Manchester where it produces its 30-strong range of infused and flavoured vodkas. The Revolution bars also offer more than 50 imported premium branded vodkas and a wide range of vodka-based cocktails.
Revolution vodka bars are contemporary, individually-styled venues found throughout the UK in town and city centres. They are aimed at the 18-30-year-old market.
Most operate throughout the day, offering lunchtime dining, early evening drinking and late night partying.
After floating on the Alternative Investment Market in 2000, the group returned to private ownership in 2006 after it was bought by private equity firm Alchemy Partners of Guernsey.
Alchemy also owns the Tattershall Castle Group of managed pubs and bars, which it created from the purchase of 178 Spirit pubs in 2005.
Unbranded bars: 4, including the Camel Club in Huddersfield, and The Loft and Boogie in Ashton-under-Lyne.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.012009
Retrieved Text: Welcome Home! This gallery is Day 8 (Saturday Sept. 3, 2016) of Burning Man. These photos are for personal use only. If I took your photo, I will include it in the gallery of the day I took the image. Feel free to pass this link to your friends and other attendees. For information rgarding licensing or for hiring me for your photography assignment, please call or email. Thank you. Comments are welcome! The final gallery will include the evening of Sept. 3 and the early morning of Sept. 4.
The Temple of Anointment camp rests before heading out to the playa for the The Man's burn.
The last morning of "The Man."
Mechan 9 was one of the coolest art structures on the playa.
A lone biker rides toward "The Man" while passing abandoned bikes.
A couple massage each other within the warm ashes of an art work burned the night before.
A burner cooks breakfast on the hot coals of an art sculpture burned the night before.
Saturday morning at sunrise, there is plenty of activity on the playa... people going back to their camps after partying all night.
A burner meditates on the playa while workers prep The Man for the evening's burning.
Tower of Ascension offers a nice view of the entire playa. The Black Rock Lighthouse Service enjoys a few more hours of visitors before it is closed in preparation of it's 1 am burning.
A bike trailer offers burners a way to be prepared for heat and cold while partying throughout the day and night; as well as having supplies

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.492193
Retrieved Text: There were not many winter days in Perth that were not rainy (or maybe it is just me making winter more miserable than it was this year, I am a lover of summer, definitely!) but mother nature was smiling down on Kaitlin & Mal on their wedding day and the rain cleared up by the time they were ready to head to the ceremony at Linton & Kay Galleries in Perth.
The girls got ready at Como The Treasury and after the ceremony, the bridal party returned to the Como for photos and a drink in the beautiful bar. We headed to Mosmans early to get some photos on the Jetty with the fading winter light before the reception and partying into the night.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.430355
Retrieved Text: As part of CDOT’s ongoing “The Heat Is On” campaign, Colorado Springs Police Department (CSPD) is planning on stepping up its DUI enforcement efforts this St. Patrick’s Day weekend. According to a recent announcement, CSPD will be operating special patrols from Friday March 13th through Wednesday March 18th in an attempt to crack down on drunk drivers.
While part of these efforts will involve staffing more traffic officers over weekend and evening hours when there tends to be more impaired motorists on the roads, it will also likely involve setting up various DUI checkpoints throughout Colorado Springs.
This coming weekend, CSPD will be stepping up its St. Patrick’s Day DUI patrols. Here’s what you can do to avoid a St. Patrick’s Day DUI. Contact us for the best DUI defense.
Find a sober driver – If you’re partying this St. Patrick’s Day, you’re probably doing this with friends, so ask around to see if anyone can be your sober designated driver. If you can’t find a friend to be your designated driver, then plan on taking a taxi or public transportation.
Stay somewhere for the evening – Depending on when you are partying, as well as when you may need a ride, you may end up having very limited options, especially if it’s late at night/early in the morning. If you find yourself out of luck with a sober ride, then plan on staying somewhere for the evening. This can be a friend’s house where you are partying or even a hotel room.Even if you end up having to pay

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.905237
Retrieved Text: Miami – Belvedere Vodka celebrated New Year’s Eve in Miami at SLS Hotel South Beach with Robin Thicke and musician Skylar Grey. Guests rang in the new year with a Gatsby themed soire in South Beach complete with Thicke’s live performances including hits “Blurred Lines” and “Give it 2 U.” Skylar Grey kicked off the festivities performing a cover of Lana Del Rey’s “Young and Beautiful.” The event also marked the launch of Belvedere Vodka’s Silver Saber, the first laser cut bottle with light-up LED technology.
Skylar Grey kicked off the night’s performances with a rendition of Lana Del Rey’s “Young and Beautiful.” She said that she felt the song appropriate given the evening’s Great Gatsby theme and mentioned how she had learned the song the evening before.
Belvedere Vodka was also thrilled to announce the launch of its first ever laser cut bottle with LED technology, the Belvedere Silver Saber. The bottle will feature a special light up feature, which lasts up to 8 hours ensuring to light up your night well into the New Year!
After the successful launch of the Belvedere Night Saber, the latest evolution of the Silver Saber is the essential must have to light up your night and party like a true star! This innovative approach to the typical bottle service ritual will give party-goers the ultimate night out this New Year’s Eve.
The Silver Saber will be available in 1.75L bottles and in select markets this holiday season with official launch in February. It will be available at major nightclubs and lounges that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.59893
Retrieved Text: Home / Celebrity News / Coronation Street’s Lucy Fallon boasts EPIC hangover after partying back in hotel room with co-star Katie McGlynn after The Beauty Awards with OK!
Coronation Street’s Lucy Fallon boasts EPIC hangover after partying back in hotel room with co-star Katie McGlynn after The Beauty Awards with OK!
LUCY Fallon was worse for wear the morning after The Beauty Awards with OK!
Coronation Street stunner, Lucy Fallon did not mind sharing with her followers that she was suffering the consequences of partying hard the night before.
The blonde beauty, who plays Bethany Platt on the soap, shared a series of photos to her Instagram story, reaching her 394, 000 followers, showing herself feeling worse for wear after attending The Beauty Awards with OK! at the Park Plaza Westminster Bridge in London on Monday night.
In one photo, the 23-year-old could be seen with her eyes closed as she leant on her hand.
It is not a surprise that Lucy was exhausted the next day – as the beauty and her Corrie co-star Katie McGlynn, 25, continued the party after leaving the Park Plaza.
Fans of the soap stars were able to gain an insight into the girls’ night via Lucy’s boyfriend’s Instagram page – as he posted an array of videos of the boozy duo back at their hotel, dancing in their dressing gowns and hopping up and down on the bed.
Earlier in the evening the pals had gracefully treaded the red carpet for the star-studded event and wore glamorous ensembles.
Head-turner Lucy stunned on the red carpet in a black

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.462177
Retrieved Text: Notre Dame junior guard Taylor Schmidt defends Clay senior point guard Skylar Artis.
Notre Dame sophomore point guard Ava Hassel played her first game since a knee injury suffered in the Lady Titans regional semifinal game vs. Waterford in March.
On a chilly Tuesday night in Southern Ohio, the Notre Dame Lady Titans showed in their first official game of the 2018-19 season exactly what they are capable of doing this season by defeating the Clay Lady Panthers 57-20 in both teams season and conference opening game.
It was evident early on, as Artis noted, that the pace of play would be an issue for the Lady Panthers. Notre Dame jumped out to an 11-0 lead in the first quarter before closing out the quarter with a 15-5 lead.
The defense and scoring ability of sophomore guard Ava Hassell of Notre Dame was very encouraging to see after she suffered a knee injury in the Lady Titans regional semifinal loss to Waterford earlier this year.
The Lady Titans kept up the defensive pressure all night on Clay and were able to keep fresh legs in the game thanks to their bench depth. Notre Dame continued to execute on the offensive end en route to a 57-20 conference opener win over Clay to begin their 18-19 campaign.
Leading Notre Dame in scoring was center Katie Dettwiller with 16 points, junior guard Taylor Schmidt with 13 points, and Hassell with 12 points in her first game off injury.
The Lady Panthers were led in scoring by Artis’ daughter, Skylar, with eight points, while sisters Jaelyn

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.938812
Retrieved Text: Skylar Littlewood was treated at Riley as a newborn infant, and now has returned to work as an HR Consultant.
Doctor diagnosed Skylar’s mother with placental abruption (a condition in which the placenta partially or completely separates from the uterus before a baby is born). “I was basically drowning inside her,” Skylar says.
Shocked, Skylar’s mom underwent an emergency Cesarean. “Prior to the pregnancy she had never had any health issues, no complications at all,” recalls Skylar.
The Riley team immediately began to prep Skylar for ECMO. “Otherwise known as extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, ECMO is a tool used in life-threatening situations,” explains Dr. William Engle, neonatologist at Riley. “An ECMO machine allows blood to drain from a baby’s heart into an artificial lung and then through this artificial lung the oxygen is taken up and carbon dioxide is removed. This well oxygenated blood is then pumped back into the baby by way of the heart or blood vessels around the heart.” Essentially, he says, it’s a way to treat babies whose lungs or hearts are not working well.
Why was she spared? “No one knows,” she says.
But, one day Skylar felt called back: “I heard that IU Health was hiring and I wanted to work at this amazing place. In a way, it’s like my heart brought me back,” she says.
Skylar was hired in February to be a Human Resources Consultant.
Shortly after, she went to see Dr. Engle. “I sent him an email thanking him for my life, asking if we could meet.” He happily obliged. “He invited me to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.678974
Retrieved Text: After months of planning your wedding, when the night before rolls around, it can be a surreal feeling. Tomorrow is not just another day; it’s your wedding! And amid all the details bouncing around in your head, sugar plums definitely aren’t and, chances are, you might have a little trouble falling asleep. And we don’t blame you, you are about to experience the best day of your life, and that deserves some beauty sleep. Follow our wedding night beauty rest tips and wake up glowing and ready to party!
Although there will probably be wine at your rehearsal dinner, it is best to skip the alcohol the night before the big day. Your digestive system won’t begin breaking down the alcohol until early in the morning which will deprive you of deep beauty sleep, and it will dehydrate your skin. Do you want dull skin and puffy eyes in the morning? Nope!
Although it may seem early to schedule your rehearsal dinner around 4:30-5:00, it’s best to eat dinner and socialize early in the evening so you have plenty of time to wind down . By bedtime, you should be wound down from celebrating with family and friends and relaxed enough to hit the sheets. If your friends or bridal party want to go out and party all night, let them. You need your wedding night beauty sleep.
Instead of partying all night before your wedding, doesn’t it sound even better to just lay low and relax with your husband-to-be? You two can snuggle up inside, turn the lights

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.53043
Retrieved Text: When 16-year-old Skylar Neese snuck out of her Star City, W.Va., home after midnight on July 6, 2012, she never returned.
Six months after her disappearance, one of Neese's best friends from high school, Rachel Shoaf, 16, confessed to authorities that she had stabbed Neese to death with their other friend, Sheila Eddy, 17, and then led police to Neese's remains in a wooded area over the Pennsylvania state line.
On Jan. 24, 2014, Eddy pleaded guilty to first-degree murder for her role in Skylar's death and was sentenced to life in prison. Shoaf was sentenced to 30 years the following month. Both were charged as adults.
Prior to Shoaf's confession, Neese's parents and the police had frantically searched for answers in her disappearance. Up until that point, Shoaf and Eddy, the last people to see Neese alive, had denied knowing what had happened to their friend.
The three high school sophomores had been inseparable, but in the days leading up to her death, Neese's Twitter account showed that something had gone awry. On July 4, 2012, two days before she was murdered, Neese tweeted "it really doesn't take much to p*** me off" and "sick of being at f****** home. Thanks "friends," love hanging out with you all too." The day before she was killed, Neese tweeted, "you doing s*** like that is why I can NEVER completely trust you."
Neese's last tweet, sent out hours before she snuck out of her bedroom window after midnight on July 6, 2012, was a retweet from a friend who had posted, "All

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.51218
Retrieved Text: Phoenix, AZ — Has it really been 15 years since Sum 41 released their iconic punk rock album, Does This Look Infected? Hard as it may be to believe, the band is on the road in honor of the record’s anniversary, making an early stop in Phoenix on Sunday night, and the crowd was eager to help them celebrate the milestone.
The evening kicked off with a 30-minute set by California emo-punk outfit, Super Whatevr, the brain-child of vocalist / guitarist Skylar McKee. The group came out of the gate rocking with the latest single, “Telelevision,” from their first-length album, Never Nothing, out earlier this year. Super Whatevr began as a channel for McKee’s poetry, which grew into a group of fully-realized songs, and the addition of a full band. The group worked through their short-but-sweet show, drawing the audience into McKee’s happy outlook on sad times with melodic guitar lines by Nate Wichander, while the rock-solid rhythm section of bassist Josiah Beason and drummer Josh Gomez kept a thunderous bottom end. By the time Super Whatevr left the stage, they had the crowd singing along with at least three of their songs, including “Benjamin Alphabet,” a crowd favorite from their debut E.P., Good Luck.
During the break that followed, a selection of late 90s – early 2000s hits played over the house P.A., and the sounds of hundreds of voices singing along to songs like Green Day’s “American Idiot,” as a gigantic sheet was pulled across the stage. Halfway through Papa Roach’s “Last Resort,” the music stopped

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.168594
Retrieved Text: The Serengeti Night Safari Tour was a seasonal offering held in the cooler months on select evenings. Along with a safari tour on out the plain with a giraffe feeding, this adults only offering typically includes appetizers and drinks. Serengeti Night Safari was an after hours separately ticketed event, which did not include or require daytime admission. The tour was last offered in early 2017.
As of November 2011, the Serengeti Night Safari Tour was being offered on select Friday and Saturday evenings beginning after sunset. It began with heavy hors d’oeuvres and a selection of beer and soft drinks, along with a chance to mingle and meet with the tour guides. The safari tour included hand feeding giraffes and a campfire experience. The tour was open to adults 21 and over only, and cost $60 per person.
The park advertised the tour on their Twitter account as being available in early March 2012 on a Saturday evening.
In early January 2013, the park again advertised the Serengeti Night Safari Tour was returning on select evenings for a limited time. It was described as a two and a half hour experience for those 21 an over only. The experience began with hors d’oeuvres like spanakopita, pinwheel sandwiches, assorted cheeses, fresh fruits and vegetables, and a variety of drinks were available. Tour guides Charles and Emily gathered guests for a group photo before heading out to spot wildlife in the night. Spotlights with special red-filters were used while out on tour to better see the wildlife in the Edge of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.098124
Retrieved Text: Enclosed by the Indian Ocean, this island is the travel trove of South Asia. This Sri Lanka 7 day tour, will certainly give you the excellent travel experience in this country. Witness the startling places of mother Lanka one after the other. Get lost among the verdant forests, unwind by the serene beaches, stroll along the vibrant cities, worship in the historical and cultural sites of Sri Lanka. The complete Sri Lanka 7 day tour incorporates safaris to wildlife sanctuaries, whale watching adventures and leisure activities to hop over during the one week stay in Sri Lanka.
Upon arriving at the Bandaranaike International Airport, travellers will meet our English speaking driver guide. You will be warmly welcomed and escorted to the air-conditioned vehicle. From the airport, travellers will be transferred to Negombo. Arriving at the hotel in Negombo, rest the day at your room or by the swimming pool. Spend the night at the hotel in Negombo.
After an early breakfast at the hotel in Negombo, head towards Mirissa. Pass by fish markets, churches, mosques and tranquil seashores of Negombo. Mirissa is a major tourist attraction famed for watersports, nightlife by the beach and whale watching excursions. Arrive in Mirissa, check in and relax the night next to beachfront resort or hotel. Dream about the next day’s tour plan.
Wake early and eat your breakfast. Next, drive to the whale watching destination of Mirissa. The whale watching tour usually begins at 7.00 am every day. Get in the boat and drive through the Indian Ocean to find the giant

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.02505
Retrieved Text: A force of evil surrounds him.
"NO!" Skylar yelled sitting up in his bed. "Another bloody dream" He thought to himself. Well these had actually been nightmares, but not those fictional nightmares normal people had, no, these were events that actually happened. Skylar's mother dying at childbirth. Then every once in awhile Skylar would have a dream about what seemed to be the future a guy in a cloak, this guy seemed like he was evil like looking at death itself, this guy, looked like Skylar. Skylar wasn't certain though he never thought of himsell killing people like the guy in the dream did.
Skylar got out of bed threw on a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt and headed out of the dorms. Right as he reached the door Sky stopped, turned around, and went to grab his cloak then headed back outside to the Slytherin Common Room. There he grab a couple of cookies off the table and headed out of the Common Room.
Sneaking his was past a couple of professors, Skylar finally, made it to the Great Hall and then went outside. He took a breath in of the fresh air of the night. He looked up at the sky, no stars, it was rather cloudy and was suggesting rain. Earlier that day, it had poured like none other, then stopped about dinner time.
Skylar headed towards the lake and his normal sitting place, an oddly shaped rock that was right on the opposite side of the lake. Once there, Skylar climbed up on

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.018532
Retrieved Text: A portrait of Skylar Neese, a bubbly 16-year-old from West Virginia.
Skylar Neese was a 16-year-old honor student with a bright future. She loved to read, had an active social life and, like most teens, was all about posting her thoughts on social media. Sklar also never missed a day of work at her part-time job at a local Wendy’s. But on July 6, 2012, Skylar snuck out of her bedroom window to meet up with her two best friends Shelia Eddy and Rachel Shoaf.
When Skylar snuck out of her room on that July night, she had gone to meet her two best friends, Shelia Eddy and Rachel Shoaf. The three attended University High School school together just north of Morgantown. Skylar had known Eddy since she was eight years old and Eddy had met Shoaf their freshman year.
The trio were inseparable and Skylar allegedly served as an emotional rock for the other two girls, as both Eddy and Shoaf came from parents of divorce. Skylar was an only child and her parents wanted everything for her. They nurtured her intelligence and encouraged her to be her own person.
Shoaf, on the other hand, was the opposite of Eddy. Though she was well-liked and enjoyed being in school plays, she came from a strict Catholic family and idolized Eddy for her somewhat wild and free attitude.
Skylar Neese, right, beside Rachel Shoaf, middle, and Shelia Eddy on the left.
While Shoaf and Neese enjoyed the freedom that Eddy represented, that particular dynamic would spell trouble for Neese.
Another tweet from that

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.704117
Retrieved Text: Sunday 1st It was a beautiful day. I read service in the Hall in the afternon, there was a pretty fair congregation. I went up to Mr Walters after church and had tea there. Mr & Mrs Handby came there in the evening. Henry had returned to the flat before I returned home.
Monday 2nd It was a fine day but rather windy, wind from N.
We finished sowing grass seed in the barley paddock in the morning. In the afternoon we were digging in the garden for Oates. Maud went to Haskells in the pm.
Tuesday 3rd It was a fine day but very windy and threatening for rain. We continued digging for Oates where the tall beans were growing. There was a dance in the Hall in the evening in aid of the Cricket Club, Willie came over from Pakiri and he and Maud went to it.
Wednesday 4th Willie staid here last night and left for Pakiri early this morning. It was very showery in the morning and we were unable to work out of doors. The Steamer came in early in the afternoon and left again as soon as she got her cargo in.
Thursday 5th We continued digging in the garden for Oates. We got the Sheep up in the evening. The wind is blowing very strong and it threatens very much for rain.
Friday 6th It rained last night and most of to day. We could not clean the Sheep so had to let them out. We killed a Wether in the afternoon. Henry came home

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.687
Retrieved Text: coos & ahhs: Skylar Luna Pajama Fun!
as you may know, i have a pajama weakness...one might call it an obsession. but one of my greatest pleasures as a mom is getting the kids clean in a bath and slipping them into a fresh pair of pajamas after a long, dirty, day of play. even better on a warm summer night-- crickets chirping in the background, or in my case, the ice cream truck song playing in the distance.
yet, still to this day, finding organic non-offensive sleepwear is difficult. there is one place i can always look to to find what i need: skylar luna. their line of organic, cotton pajamas come the way parents and kids want them in cool, yet tasteful prints and colors. i personally love all the style options, especially the short sleeve top with long pants- perfect for summer nights. the latest prints feature fish, hawaiian florals, bunnies and some amazing stripe combos. sleeping never looked so good.
also for fun, check this timewarp to the last time i posted on skylar luna h e r e...where did my babies go?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.624428
Retrieved Text: The 2014 T.R.A.F.F.I.C. West conference is coming up next week at the Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas and show organizers just released some interesting new details about the big event today.
For starters, the original schedule called for two days of pre-show Cabana Networking around the Bellagio pool Tuesday and Wednesday (May 27 & 28) before the conference officially opens with the Welcoming Cocktail Party Wednesday evening (May 28). However, show co-founders Rick Schwartz and Howard Neu told me they will have the cabanas open a day sooner - on Monday, May 26, so early birds can celebrate Memorial Day in the world class hotel's expansive private cabana area overlooking the Bellagio's multiple pools.
Schwartz and Neu also revealed that the official T.R.A.F.F.I.C. Party, presented by new show sponsor GetItFido.com Thursday night (May 29), will be held in the Bellagio's spectacular Grand Ballroom - so after a long night of partying the trip back to your room will be just a few steps to the nearest elevator.
Since organizers know that T.R.A.F.F.I.C. attendees like to network at all of the parties, the current plan is for Otherwise to play an acoustic set, but I wouldn't object if, perhaps a little bit later in the evening, they plugged in and let it rip. Whether it is acoustic or electric, this is a band that can definitely deliver the goods.
Another new twist on the show schedule will be a 2pm session Friday (May 30) that will be something of a Vegas.com vs. .VEGAS shootout. Howard Lefkowitz of Vegas.com fame, and Tyson

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.611961
Retrieved Text: Antos: Gary: Danno: Dodgy: Magua: Mole on our way to Germany for the World cup 2006.
Stopped at Bristol Airport and checked if football Hooligans. 3 OK 3 further checked cleared after 45 mins 1 DODGY character.
Met Joe Jordan at airport offered Stanleytown Job. Turned it down.
Arrived MAINZ Frankfurt. Watched Italy v Ghana in Bar.
Went to Irish Bar until early Hours.
Returned to MAINZ Antos treated us Kitty Kitty from his winnings.
Dodgy got us lost again looking for late night pizza and cocktails.
Hotel next to Irish Bar. Watched Spain v Ukraine 3.00pm there.
Went to just outside Fans fest park 300 yards from hotel to watch Germany V Poland Great atmosphere.
Antos human skittle champion again. Carried Home.
Got up early due to LOUD church bells. Mole and Magua went for stroll to river. Settled down to watch England v Trinidad & Tobago in Irish bar with English fans. Good atmosphere, good bouncers on door.
Out in evening for meal then to watch Sweden v Paraguay. Mole won fancy dress competition. COMPO ??
Still hoping for tickets for Argentina v Serbia we traveled 50 miles to DORTMUND. Short journey but Dodgy excelled at map reading took over 90 mins to find hotel. Watched match in Greek restaurant.
Ten pin bowling competition early evening. Out to Dortmund Fan Fest to watch Holland v Ivory Coast on big screen. In night sat out in open air. Magua & Dodgy in keepy up competition Discussed Stanleytown season.
Went to centre of Amsterdam for the day. Had great meal sat in square watched the world go by and watched

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.307938
Retrieved Text: Madeon brought his “Pixel Empire Tour” to the Electric Factory on Saturday, February 20th. An all ages show always brings about skeptics, but the crowd packed in to watch the one and only opener of the night, Skylar Spence. Hailing from Long Island, and frequently playing for his Philly fans, Skylar Spence knew what the crowd wanted as they eagerly waited for Madeon to take the stage. Formerly known as Saint Pepsi, Skylar Spence brought out a killer set of his nu-disco, pop sound that got the whole venue moving from the first track.
As the lights dimmed, you could hear the crowd speaking about how excited they were for the one and only “little French magician” to take the stage. Madeon brought back his immersive “Adventure Tour” experience, amped up, which hands down takes his live set to a completely new dimension.
Madeon took the stage around 9:30. From the start of the set, you could feel the happiness of not only the crowd, but Madeon, as he started to get the fans ready for what was about to come. His signature high-end, funky, nu-disco, electro house sound truly is one of a kind, and what obviously keeps the fans coming back above all else. With originals like “You’re On,” “The City,” and “Pay No Mind,” (featuring Passion Pit) played throughout the night, you could feel the energy throughout the venue.
To our delight, remixes by Madeon of staple tracks in the electronic scene such as “Raise Your Weapon” by Deadmau5 and “Night Out” by Martin Solveig were

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.128345
Retrieved Text: Hollywood couple Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher are on the verge of a split, according to reports, after claims the Two and a Half Men actor spent an ‘alcohol fuelled evening’ with a 23-year-old woman.
Reports allege the tryst took place on Hard Rock Hotel in California during the early hours of Saturday morning – Ashton and Demi’s sixth wedding anniversary – after Ashton was seen partying with a blonde beauty late into the night.
‘Ashton didn’t look like someone who was celebrating a wedding anniversary,’ one clubgoer reportedly said of the events.
According to US website thedirty.com the recipient of Ashton’s affections – named as Sara Leal – has hired a lawyer and ‘gone into hiding’ asking for £160,000 for her version of the evening.
‘Kutcher told Sara Leal that him [sic] and Demi Moore are separated and the public doesn’t know yet,’ the site added.
This comes just days after American Star magazine claimed the couple’s relationship has been dogged by Ashton’s affairs, adding that the pair have already split.
But in recent days Demi – who was pictured earlier this week looking unusually thin – has posted a series of cryptic Tweets on her own account, hinting that all is definitely not well between the pair.
Reps have yet to comment on the allegations.
Do you think Ashton and Demi are on the verge of a split? Let us know your thoughts in the comments box below.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.961712
Retrieved Text: A weekend with the girls has the potential to get really messy, there are so many things that could go wrong. Countless amount of upheaves could happen throughout the short time that you are together. The excitement might mean the girls will come unprepared for the weekend ahead. As the maid of honor it is your job to see that all of the girls come away from this weekend with smiles. So, why not create a small hen weekend survival kit for each of the girls attending your party weekend?
This is something you’re definitely going to need on your weekend. The water will be a god send when you are drunk and dehydrated. Often a bottle of water is the perfect little treat when the room begins to spin after a great night out. Of course it is only to be used if there are no other sources of water; after all, it’s only to be used in the event that survival becomes questionable.
Of course you are probably going to need to sober up before doing anything that required motor skills in the morning. A can of ice coffee or re bull should do the trick. Adding their preferred pick me up will be a great touch for the weekend, the girls will thank you for this, for sure.
Your motor skill won’t be the only thing suffering in the morning, providing you drank the water provided, your headache shouldn’t be that bad, but in case of emergencies ‘break’ open the seal of those pain killers and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.880621
Retrieved Text: 1.) When three girls room together it’s best to rent a suite. Also make sure that the bathroom is large enough!
2.) Book a hotel with either pool or sauna. Best case scenario is both! It feels heavenly after a day of walking around.
3.) If you travel with a group larger than two people make sure everyone knows what the plan is.
4.) Go partying on the first evening of your trip, the second night everyone is tired. This is an unwritten law!
5.) Bring a dress or buy pink jeans. Just something else beside the standard jeans.
6.) Find a rooftop, order rosé and you can party in the afternoon (in case you missed out the evening before).
7.) Don’t have any expectations. Come to think of it, this always works!
8.) Don’t go shopping when tipsy. The only way to avoid financial disaster is when your friends tell you that nothing fits.
8.) Enjoy yourself and plan the next trip!
Austria, Europe, Graz, travel, traveling Austria, traveling Europe, traveling with friends. Bookmark.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.759874
Retrieved Text: A quintessentially British setting in remote Dorset for a foodie couple who love to travel and had enjoyed great food around the world that they wanted to incorporate into their wedding day.
A piper led a procession of guests from the church to the marquee where guests enjoyed Champagne and lots of canapés including toast racks of Potato thins with parmesan and truffle cream, Lobster collops, Butternut tortellini with sage and Wild mushroom croustade with bearnaise as well as a Vietnamese roll station preparing Summer rolls with chicken, prawn, vermicilli noodles, lime, chilli and coriander.
sharing plates including carved Iberico ham, Carpaccio of beef with artichokes and pickled girolles, Roast saddle of lamb and whole baked bream. Afterwards, guests helped themselves to a stunning central dessert station overflowing with homemade tarts, patisserie and perfectly condistioned cheeses. Celebrations continued late into the evening with firepits, fireworks, a cocktail bar and band keeping guests partying to the early hours. Read the full menu here.
At tables, guests enjoyed a rolling menu ofsharing plates including carved Iberico ham, Carpaccio of beef with artichokes and pickled girolles, Roast saddle of lamb and whole baked bream. Afterwards, guests helped themselves to a stunning central dessert station overflowing with homemade tarts, patisserie and perfectly condistioned cheeses. Celebrations continued late into the evening with firepits, fireworks, a cocktail bar and band keeping guests partying to the early hours. Read the full menu here.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.66843
Retrieved Text: When it came time for Helen and Nick to tie the knot, choosing a venue was easy. After becoming engaged on the beach at Bali’s Kayumanis Nusa Dua Resort, the couple loved the thought of exchanging vows in the same romantic location. “That beach has a lot of memories and is very meaningful to us,” says Helen.
After saying “I do”, Helen and Nick had photos taken at twilight before partying the night away under the stars in a laid-back reception by the water. Feasting on delicious Indonesian-inspired cuisine (we’re told the grilled pork ribs with sambal was a real hit), the newlyweds enjoyed an evening of dancing and emotional highlights. “The most precious moment was when our family and friends gave their speeches,” says Helen. “It was just the best day and our guests said it was one of the most beautiful and heartwarming weddings they’d ever been to.” Sounds pretty special to us.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.553295
Retrieved Text: I’m often criticised for wearing what people would consider ‘night outfits’ in the day time; dresses, skirts, pretty tops, heeled boots, a reasonable amount of makeup, and this had led me to wonder what the distinction is between what is considered suitable for day wear, and what people consider only being suitable for going out clubbing or partying.
But is there a difference, really?
I have to say, since becoming more interested in style and the clothes I put on my back, I have been wearing more clothes that I considered to be more evening attire in the day time. But what is wrong with that? Why shouldn’t I make as much of an effort in the day time as I would do in the evening? Dressing up in the day time makes me feel just as good as I do at night, and I don’t come home covered in snakebite!!
For me, the most basic difference between my day and night clothes is the inclusion of heels. I usually wear flats or boots in the evening, and then add heels at night. For me, this makes a huge difference. Heels make everything look instantly smarter, and flats and boots give a more casual edge.
Leather, denim and cardigans will instantly make an outfit look more casual and suitable for day time. Cover up more in the day and go all out at night!
Although I often wear tights or socks on a night out, they generally make an outfit look more wearable. Black opaques will make that LBD look a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.546143
Retrieved Text: I don't have much to say right now. I've got a cold. And I'm so doped up on antihistamine and Sudafed -- it's a bad allergy season -- that I can't think straight.
But I did have fun taking Skylar on her field trip to Flandrau Planetarium, where she demonstrated her astonishing memory -- she'd only been there once before -- by ticking off the names of various rocks to her teacher, parent chaperones, and any pre-school classmates who would stand still long enough to listen.
After the planetarium show, Skylar went up to the college student who gave the presentation and announced, gravely, "At my Nana and Papa's house, I saw a show on our galaxy that talked about black holes. They swallow light and matter."
The young woman calmly replied that scientists think that there might be a black hole at the center of every galaxy, but that many of them now believe that some light can escape from a black hole. "Maybe you can be a scientist when you grow up and find out," she told Skylar.
Skylar turned away. "I want to be a ballerina when I grow up."
That was the highlight of the day. Kim and Skylar swam at the J while I played basketball. I didn't do as well as I did on Saturday, but was still better than my average. It's amazing what a little upper body strength can do for your inside game.
After we got home, I was briefly overcome with paranoid delusions that cast a serious pall over the rest of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.461376
Retrieved Text: An important role in enhancing the market begins play livestock. Sold so in 1906 of all cattle in the Pishpek Przhevalsk counties and on the proportion of households had kyrgyzskih 91.6%. The item is part of both counties as a whole was 54.8%. When in the second half of the 19th Century reigned in the commodities market and other areas of northern Kyrgyzstan cattle, in the early 20th Century it became more available unprocessed leather and wool. In some areas of cultivated melons, planted fruit trees. In the southern region was the most profitable branch of cotton. But by all sectors of the economy of Kyrgyzstan, generally commodity-money relations are most penetrated into cattle cars. In 1914, the value of commercial products in terms of the value of total gross production was 44%, and the cost of commercial products of agriculture - 31%.
The development of trade in Kyrgyzstan increased the growth of the exchange between producers, farms, areas in the south and the north. Before the revolution in the country seasonal trade, fair and bazaar was form. Keeping the edge to 1917 largely small scale.
Day 2. Flight to Osh. Your lunch will be served at 7 in the evening at the hotel.
Day 3. Morning Transfer Osh - Achik - Tash (3400 m base camp) in Kyrgyzstan. Your lunch will be served at 7 at night of tour in tents.
4 days. After breakfast, we returned to base camp trekking tour and travel to Camp 1 in Kyrgyzstan. Your lunch will be served at 7 at night of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.349077
Retrieved Text: Prince William and Kate Middleton may have three kids under the age of 5, but that doesn't mean they don't still know how to party.
The royal couple is currently on vacation in Mustique, and, according to Hello!, they spent a wild evening out partying with rock royalty. They reportedly attended an event at the island's famed Basil's Bar, and rubbed elbows with Mick Jagger's daughter Jade at a "Splash of Gold"–themed event.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge hit the party "on the early side," according to the report, and both looked "island chic" for their big night out, with William rocking a T-shirt by island brand Pink House Mustique. "They were there for the cocktails segment and kept it rather classy," a source told Hello!
The couple is vacationing in Mustique, seemingly one of their favorite destinations, with Kate's parents, Carole and Michael Middleton. (Their kids are also on the island, but stayed home on the night their parents hit the town.) This is at least the fifth time that Will and Kate have vacationed on the small island in the Grenadines. They first touched down in Mustique in 2008, then returned in 2013 for a babymoon, shortly before Prince George was born. Then they headed back six months later with their new baby on board. The family also celebrated Carole Middleton's 60th birthday on the island, in 2015, and reportedly stayed in a $25,000-a-week villa with a staff of six and a 64-foot pool. During their previous trips, Hello! notes that they took full advantage of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.278454
Retrieved Text: parenting | I am JuJu!
This morning was no different. The morning started off well. Skylar woke up in a pretty good mood which was awesome! After I wake her up, I wait to see what her response is going to be. Some mornings she says “Uggghh! I didn’t sleep well at all!” or “It is 6:34 mom! You woke me up 4 minutes late!” Those mornings I just brace myself for the roller coaster ride that will be our morning. This morning she said “Hi mom! How was your bunco?” I played bunco last night and she was already asleep when I got home. I was thrilled that she woke up in a good mood as I know that our morning should go a bit smoother.
Hailey: You can’t take your medicine before you eat! What are you thinking?
Skylar: Hailey! How dare you speak to me like that! You are not my mother!
Hailey: Shame on you Skylar. Don’t ever speak to me like that.
Skylar: Mom!!! Hailey is being rude to me!
Me: Seriously? Both of you cut it out. Skylar, finish getting ready. Hailey, stop telling Skylar what to do. Your dad and I have it under control.
Hailey: Clearly, she needs more help mom!
Oh my! I’m not sure why, but Hailey has taken it upon herself to be an additional parent figure to Skylar, which Skylar absolutely can’t stand. I feel like a broken record that constantly repeats “Hailey, quit bossing your sister around. Hailey, we are taking care of it. Hailey, stop parenting Skylar”. I must say

================



======= Instance Index 37 =========
Input Text: Context: It was late and night and Bailey was asleep in bed alone.

Question: How would Bailey feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: excited about it

B: nervous and scared

C: likes to be alone

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.26881
Retrieved Text: She, by request of the doctor, was walking a short distance up and down a hallway in the hospital. Her breathing was a bit quicker than normal. "Is this really necessary?! I'm pregnant, my water broke, do you really think I feel like walking??" She snapped, her hormones in an awful state.
The nurse looked frightened. Bailey had been vicious ever since she went into labor. "Yes, Miss Lane. It helps to induce labor more quickly."
She sighed, but kept walking. A few minutes later she stopped and let out a yelp of pain. "Ow!" She gasped. She looked at Blaine helplessly. The young girl didn't have a clue what to do.
The nurse came to her side. "Come, you need to lay down. That was your first contraction. No need to worry." She help Bailey lay down and tried to get her comfortable.
Blaine sighed and held Bailey's hand. "Its alright sweetheart. Just lay back and relax."
Bailey held onto Blaine's hand tightly. "Ok..." She nodded, and took a deep breath. "I love you." Reaching her hand that wasn't holding his, up to run it lightly through Blaine's hair, was comforting to her. "Are you ok?" It was only other people that she was vicious to. She was sweet to Blaine. He had a feeling of home, and he was her light in the darkness of the outside world.
The lack of communication from Blaine didn't help to comfort her. Bailey just relaxed, letting herself nearly fall asleep, and another contraction would hit. She bit her lip but didn't even gasp

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.288628
Retrieved Text: Every night bedtime was a horrible fight for our 2 year old. Only Mommy could put him to bed, and it would take her so long to do it that she would wind up falling asleep in his bed before he would fall asleep at 10:00 or 10:30. Then we had a baby and things got way out of control. If mommy had to nurse the baby then he would cry which would cause the baby to cry. He was going to sleep at 11:00 or even midnight and our baby was going to bed incredibly late as a result. So we called Susie and she gave us a plan. After a week on Susie’s plan daddy was putting him to bed and kissing him goodnight, and then daddy walks out of the room and he goes to bed all by himself. Now he is so proud that he can go to bed by himself. He is going to bed earlier and getting a full night sleep, and our baby is sleeping thru the night, too!. I can’t thank Susie enough for her help. Bedtime is now something I look forward to, plus me and my wife now have free time in the evenings and are able to go to bed together, something that we have not been able to do in over a year.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.846272
Retrieved Text: I have several encounters going back since childhood being scared. I was very little and woke up during the night. I wasn’t alone in the house but I’m definately sure the only person awake in the house. It was always pitch black, waking from scary dreams. I was woken often in the dead-of-night and saw people in my bedroom all looking at me. They were around my bed, and just bent over looking down at me. They had no expression on their faces, and I didn’t know who they were. I saw them a lot of nights waking up and seeing the same people. Sometimes it was just one person there, and I can remember one of them looked like an old witch. Her hair was very long, and she wore a big dress. It made me nervous so much going to bed that I started sleeping under the blankets, so when I woke up, I would only be hiding and those people couldn’t see me. The following morning, nan came in and said “Oh you’re sleeping inside the bed!” I’ve been sleeping under the blankets ever since. I can never sleep without hiding.
Older, I woke up at the age of 9 years old to hear the sound of something or someone playing in my room. It was dark. Everyone else was asleep except me and that noise. It was someone playing with my things, tapping the desk, the sounds of someone scribbling a pen, ect. It was pitch black. I lay there feeling so scared.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.558395
Retrieved Text: A couple of weeks ago, I wrote that after I finished my book, I needed a sort of parenting reset with Cee. One of the big areas that we needed to work on was sleep. Bedtime had become a battle, and it was taking Cee a long time to fall asleep. This was leaving us all frustrated at the end of the day, and Cee was waking up grumpy in the mornings. I didn’t have the energy and attention to work on it while I was trying to finish my book, although in hindsight I’m not sure why we waited this long. Over the last couple of weeks, we’ve made some big changes to get us back to happy bedtimes.
Let me back up and tell you how we got into trouble with sleep in the first place. Last August, we moved to a new house. By this time, Cee had been in a toddler bed for almost a year, but she had no problem staying in it at bedtime or through the night. We had a sweet bedtime routine that ended with kisses goodnight, turning off the light, and then good sleep for Cee. After we moved, Cee started talking about being afraid of things like the deer and turkeys that wandered through the yard of our new house. We talked about these fears, got her a night light, and spent a little more time with her before saying goodnight, singing a couple of rounds of Twinkle, Twinkle and rubbing her back for a few minutes.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.262096
Retrieved Text: I have two children, Dani who is 2.5 years old and Dylan who is 6 months old. Dani was quite a terror at bedtimes. She was used to first being rocked, and then patted till she fell asleep. We could never leave her alone in her room. The entire process took up to two hours every night.
When I first approached WingYan, my husband and I were both very apprehensive. But we had enough of frustrating nights and decided to just try. After all, what could be worse than what we were already going through? My goal was for Dani to fall asleep by herself and for Dylan to have the right habits right from the start.
Amazingly enough, we started seeing results as early as the third night. We moved away from Dani’s bed and there was no fighting. Dylan also doesn’t grumble as much before he fell asleep. Both kids were falling asleep within the hour every night. There was newfound time for us, and also renewed faith that this might actually work. We followed the customized sleep plans religiously and it DID work. Dani now falls asleep on her own. We no longer have to be in the same room as her. There is also no more shouting and scolding at bedtime. Dylan has also learnt to fall asleep without needing to be nursed.
We are very pleased with the results we have gotten from Precious Sleep Solutions and will definitely recommend it to everyone who needs a little guidance in sleep training their child /

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.077362
Retrieved Text: There I was in bed again last night (shocking I know). MLB Network once again was blacked out so I found myself watching my late night back up Jimmy Kimmel Live. Having enjoyed Jonah Hill promoting 21 Jump Street the night before (only to fall asleep before The Crystal Method rocked with Martha Reeves), it was Tatum Channing’s turn to promote the upcoming cinematic extravaganza. I fell asleep around the second guest whose name I don’t even remember but woke up just in time to catch the tail end of a performance from The Joy Formidable. I always miss this band. I missed them at Outside Lands last summer. I didn’t make it into their Mayan gig on Wednesday and now I slept through them on Kimmel. Oh well, at least you can watch the performances below.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.049673
Retrieved Text: My husband had a night out recently. After working out how I was going to feed and bathe the toddler by 7pm, as well as wash the baby and give him his hour-long feed before bed – also at 7pm (the answer: distract the toddler with TV; a rare treat), I felt really excited. But when I told my husband that I couldn’t wait for him to go out and to have a night alone, he looked a bit offended.
I had only that afternoon read a blog post about a man whose wife kept going to bed really late and then complaining she was tired in the morning. He felt annoyed that she never went to bed at the same time as him, and that she didn’t go to bed earlier so she’d feel less tired. But she explained that all day, every day, she was with her kids. And all evening. And after bed, she was with him – her husband. She said that staying up late meant she could have a few hours just for her: not as a wife, not as a mother – just as herself. It reminded her of the freedom she had before can you buy xanax over the counter marriage and kids, and she cherished those alone hours.
I relayed the premise of this blog post to my husband and he understood a bit, but until your every waking (and often sleeping) hour is dominated by children, you simply won’t get how claustrophobic it can feel. Even your body feels

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.93759
Retrieved Text: The scenario: You're tired of the whining, crying and complaining, so you give up and let your child fall asleep in front of the TV or just let him/her run around until he/she falls asleep somewhere in the house.
The solution: Bedtime battles can test a parent's resolve. Still, it's important to hang in there. You might need to be patient — and ignore whines, cries and pleas — but it's never too late to teach your child good sleeping habits. If your child is pushing the limits, state your expectations and stick to the routine. Eventually, your consistency will pay off in a good night's sleep for everyone. REMEMBER not to lose your patience. The bedtime problem is ONLY TEMPORARY. Take a TIME OUT if necessary and return with a clear mind!
The solution: If your child wakes up during the night, give him or her a few minutes to settle down. If time alone doesn't do the trick, you might go to your child's room and offer calm reassurance. Then tell your child that it's time to sleep and leave the room. Wait longer each night to go to your child's side, until eventually your child falls back to sleep without your help.
The solution: Don't let bedtime become a power struggle. When your child's bedtime routine is complete and he or she is comfortable, remind your child that there's no reason to get out of bed. If your child gets up, promptly return him or her to bed — repeatedly, if necessary. You may have to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.90282
Retrieved Text: Category: Did I Scare You?
As an author of horror I get asked what scares me. Do I get scared about what I am writing? I can tell you that I have be scared in my life by things I experienced and stories I have been told. I thought it would be fun to share some of those with you here.
I have very dear friend that lives about two hours away. Her home is not in a rural area as one might suspect from how this story will unfold.
Her house is in a suburb that was built in an older neighborhood of working-class houses. Every house on her block and all the other blocks around her seem to be made up of the same made to order two story house. The paint is truly the only thing separating them. Hers is yellow and green.
Did I mention there is a large, older graveyard that lays across the road from the community?
As a believer in the supernatural, aka ghosts, this would be the first thing I noticed the first time I visited. I can say I also felt it.
It was late one night and I was asleep on one of the two couches in the living room. My friends brother is asleep on the other. Honestly, we fell asleep watching movies.
It is 3am and we here a CRASH!! It honestly sounds like a crystal vase was dropped from a very high place. I expected to see glass shards everywhere on the ground.
The sound caused us to both bolt out

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.674551
Retrieved Text: After staying up too late the week before, and spending a not particularly restful weekend in Nashville, Monday hit me like a ton of bricks.
Day 239's thing I've never done before was to put myself to bed before the sun went down.
Now, if you want to get technical, having worked overnight shifts in the past, I have gone to bed when the sun was already up. And yes, I've seen the sunrise having stayed up too late the night before and gone to bed after that. But this was different than both of those.
This was a self-imposed, 8pm, before-the-sun-goes-down bedtime.
As a kid, I hated having a bedtime, especially during the summer, because it usually meant going to bed before the sun went down. I thought I would have a hard time falling asleep considering I could still hear kids playing outside and neighbors exercising outside my house.
But as it turns out, when tired enough, my body will sleep when it is given the opportunity. It doesn't matter what time it is, or if it's light out. I read for a little bit, but I could feel my eyes getting heavy, so I put my book down and fell asleep.
The next thing I remember was waking up. At 11 pm.
I panicked when I looked at the clock, thinking it was 11 am and that I'd overslept for work. I reached for my glasses and then noticed that it was still dark in my room. I'd only been asleep for a few hours. I calmed down, easily drifted

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.641516
Retrieved Text: A little background for you, I have a five year old daughter who never had sleep issues (apart from the usual waking for no reason every now and again). Over the last....well we aren't really sure how long its been going on as it's crept up on us, the realisation that its a real problem...so probably over the last six months it's got progressively worse.
By 'progressively worse' I mean she's been waking up at least once a night and most nights now she is on about three or four times a night and it ends with one of us sleeping on her floor for the remainder of the night because we are so exhausted by it all.
So how exactly have we broken her?!?
Well all I can say is, I don't really know! It sort of happened slowly and through love...my first insight is that she got scared of the dark so we would employ a night light - which is left on all night for her. She really freaks out if she wakes and it is not on. Then came not just walking away from her room at night once the door was closed, I had to sit outside the door - this I didn't mind as it only lasted about five minutes at most. Then recently came some challenges in her little life where she was bullied at school and she became clingy and fractious at home, she didn't want to be parted from me and at bed time requested that I sit in her

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.303053
Retrieved Text: You're past middle-of-the-night feedings and diaper changes, but a good night's sleep is still elusive. Maybe bedtime has turned into a battle of wills, or you're struggling to get your preschooler to stay in bed all night.
Consider these simple strategies to put the most common bedtime problems to rest — starting tonight!
The scenario: You feel rushed when you put your child to bed.
The solution: Make bedtime a priority. A predictable, calming bedtime routine is often the key to a good night's sleep.
What the bedtime routine involves is up to you, but avoid active play and electronic devices, which might be too stimulating. You might give your child a bath, brush his or her teeth, read stories, and say prayers. Praise your child for a specific accomplishment or talk about the day. If you play bedtime music, make sure it's soothing. Then tuck your child into bed and say good night.
Experiment to find what works best for you — but once you settle on a routine, follow it consistently every night.
The scenario: It's bedtime, but your child wants to stay up.
The solution: If your child can hear talking, laughing, or sounds from electronics, it's easy to see how he or she would want to stay up. To ease the transition to bedtime, keep things quiet during the hour before bedtime. Put away mobile devices, video games and toys. Turn off the TV and any computers. Dim the lights. Limit the entire family to quiet activities, such as reading or doing puzzles. Sleep might be more appealing if

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.169683
Retrieved Text: When I was younger my favorite thing to do was challenge myself to stay up as late as possible. My parents tried to combat this by giving me a very strict bedtime. I had to be in bed by 9:00 until I was in about 5th grade when this got pushed back until 11:00. The rules were that I could do whatever I wanted as long as I was quiet, and in my bed. This often mean that I was reading.
A lot of people read before bed to try and help them fall asleep. This is what my parents were going for, but sadly, it never seemed to work. When I read, I got completely lost in the story and would end up staying awake until the wee hours of the morning. Often as late as 2 or 3 am.
I had no bedtime on the weekend, any my parents would let me stay up until whenever. This was great once I started having friends sleep over nearly every weekend. We'd stay up until dawn and play Monopoly, or watch movies. If you readers listen to my podcast, you'd know that I was basically allowed to watch anything at any age, so it was pretty interesting when friends would stay over and they'd be watching Die Hard, or Terminator for the very first time.
Even when I didn't have friends over, I'd spend most of the weekend nights just trying to stay up as long as possible. At a very young age, I started consuming hour after hour

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.107265
Retrieved Text: This evening my husband behaved very strangely. I had been shopping with girlfriends all afternoon so I thought it was because of that, especially as I arrived a little late at home.
I could see that he was sad, so I offered him dinner in a very nice little restaurant. But his behavior throughout the meal seemed bizarre. It was as though he were no longer himself. He smiled barely, he seemed melancholy, he paid no attention to me or anything I could tell him. I felt that something was wrong.
Back at home, I told him I was ready to hear everything but he shrugged and continued to watch the TV.
After ten minutes I told him I was going to bed. I pressed him hard against me and told him I loved him more than anything in the world. He turned his head for a moment, smiling sadly, and he let me go alone to the room.
But to my surprise, he joined me a little later and we made love. That said, he always seemed so distant, almost absent. I know something is bothering him. This time I'm sure he will leave me. He probably even found another girl. He could at least have the courage to tell me in the face.
That night I fell asleep crying.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.875446
Retrieved Text: Scarlet didn’t sleep much any more: not since the Mysterons had killed him five years previously. It had been unsettling at first, but in general it had stopped bothering him quite some time ago because those extra five or six hours were really very productive. These days, it was time he could spend bonding with his infant daughter, soothing and settling her when Rhapsody had fallen asleep with her still on the breast.
No, what bothered him these days was something foolish. Because he loved waking up to find his wife curled into his side, or spooned around her, holding her in his arms. He adored watching her sleep. What was bothering him was that she never got to experience the same thing. Scarlet was far too restless to stay in bed while he was wide awake, and even on the odd occasion that she did see him wake up in the morning, he never had that half-asleep time any more; he went from asleep to wide awake with no muzziness at all.
He knew it was ridiculous, because it didn’t seem to bother Rhapsody particularly. When he managed to slip back into bed first thing in the morning and have her wake up beside him, she seemed pleasantly surprised, but she never seemed disappointed when he wasn’t there, or to find that he had seen to the baby. She was just happy to see him.
Scarlet still worried though, thinking that maybe his unique sleeplessness would come between them eventually. And those night-time hours when she slept and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.737259
Retrieved Text: We were lake bums again this past weekend. Only, on a different lake, and with Caleb’s family. It was an amazing good time, with really late nights, way too many sugary sweets to choose from, and enough food to feed twice as many people. We arrived home on Tuesday and I have been asleep since then. Pretty much. No lie.
My adrenaline infused, fun-loving self absorbed those late nights, non-stop activity, and kept chugging along right up until the minute we piled into the car and started toward home. I was asleep before we made it to the interstate. Luckily I wasn’t driving. Additionally, I woke up as we pulled into our driveway and I helped Caleb unpack the car before I crashed again and slept until dinner time. You’d think those 8+ hours would have caught me up, but no. I was dead to the world by 9:30. So dead, in fact, that I slept all night without realizing there was a dog in bed beside me.
The next morning I was stunned to open my eyes and find myself staring into a pair of chocolate almond eyes and one very wet nose sticking out of the covers between my pillow and Caleb’s. And because we all know Tucker is too short to make it onto our bed without help, I immediately cocked an eyebrow at Caleb. Who, by the way, didn’t have much to say in his own defense.
And you guys thought I was the softy.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.693558
Retrieved Text: Oh the secrets we tell when we have no idea anyone is listening. Once we are deeply ensconced in our R.E.M slumber we surrender our wits and our will to our imagination, or to the dark crevices of our mind that extols truth. The things we mumble to the lover beside us can garner us a hardy chuckle for years to come or.... 10-20 in the state penitentiary. Our imaginations run wild in sleep, so have your affairs in order.
Redditor Jhaydun_Dinan wanted to hear what sort of things get whispered in the night whilst in slumber from loved ones by asking.... Hey, Reddit, those of you with partners who talk in their sleep; what is the creepiest/weirdest/or most random thing they've said?
I was told by my fiancé that he came to bed one night after I had fallen asleep and started rubbing my back, which apparently prompted me to sleep-say "This just in! Local boy massages.. other local boy!!"
Once, me and our roommate were downstairs, while my husband was sleeping upstairs. We heard him yelling in his sleep and I figured he was having a nightmare and went to check on him.
"Bleach your a**hole already, would ya?"
I had stayed up late and husband was asleep in bed. We had creaky wood floors, so I was walking slowly into the bedroom trying not to make too much noise. I stepped on a creaky spot, and husband shifted in bed and then said, in a very cheeky/smiling tone: "I have a machine... that will shoot you.. if you

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.590311
Retrieved Text: last month dakota's den had a contest to win a book titled chihuahuas like cheese and guess who won one. bailey did! since yesterday was national read a book day i read it to her last night and she (we) loved it.
afterwards she fell asleep, no doubt dreaming of mountains of cheese. BOL. thanks dakota!
Labels: bailey, book, dakota, photo by j.
Oh, that is such wonderful sweet mischief!
Oh, easy peasy lemon squeezey!!! I love reading.
I haven't tried reading to Haley yet, but I know she would love it as long as one hand was holding the book and the other was giving her a belly rub, lol!
OMD, that is so cute!!! And so appropriate! Hey, do you knows Airedales like cheese too??? There is cheese right? Real cheese? hello??

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.59018
Retrieved Text: Momma on a Mission: Just a quick sleep update!
Just a quick sleep update!
You can read more about my sleep experiment here.
It's 4AM and I've got to get back to sleep, but I wanted to go ahead and update really quickly since I have a busy day planned tomorrow and I'm not sure if I'll have time.
Night one of segmented sleep went fairly well. I went to bed at 9PM, and slept all night until about 5AM when Tristan came in to nurse. I think I might have woken up earlier if he had, but since he slept in his bed most of the night, and since I was a bit sleep deprived going into this thing, I slept hard for about 8 hours. (Hayden came into bed with me around some point, but I don't usually wake up when she comes in. She usually just sneaks in and snuggles up- Tristan closes doors loudly and then wants to nurse. ;) ) I felt pretty alert at 5AM, but even though I'd had 8 hours of sleep I was nervous about getting up that early. 5AM is eeeaaaarly, for me anyway. I didn't want to be super groggy all day. I went to the bathroom and surfed the net for about 15 minutes, and then decided to lay back in bed to see what happened. I wasn't tired at first, so I had some nice, peaceful moments just laying there in the peace and quiet. It's rare that I get to just lay down alone with my

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.337278
Retrieved Text: As I make my way from the bedroom to the kitchen, the glow of my computer beckons me to check the news headlines, read my email, write an article, and/or play a “quick” game of on-line bridge or Scrabble. I cannot resist such temptation. I promise myself I will return to bed within an hour, but I rarely do. The wee morning hours, in my unmedicated state, are my most productive time.
The trade off is that sleep deprivation impairs our ability to concentrate, problem solve, make decisions, handle stress, and moderate our emotions. Worse yet, it causes us to eat more and gain weight because the amount and quality of our sleep affects hormones that regulate feelings of fullness and satisfaction after a meal. This explains why I hear Ben and Jerry calling my name in the dark of the night.
Another adverse effect of sleep deprivation is that as soon as I lie down on the couch to read or watch tv, or climb into the passenger seat of our car, I fall asleep. Studies show that I am far from alone. About 70% of people with Parkinson’s experience sleep disturbances ranging from “excessive daytime sleepiness” to vivid dreams; jerking, involuntary movements of limbs (Restless Leg Syndrome); and sudden “sleep attacks” that compromise safety behind the wheel and in the workplace, and jeopardize people’s independence.
Sleep disturbances associated with PD can result from depression, medication, stiffness and difficulty turning over in bed, and a frequent urge to urinate. Working with your doctor to identify the underlying cause(s)

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.28467
Retrieved Text: Another late night. We wrapped a few Christmas presents this evening. We still have many more to go. When you have four children, and are wrapping presents from the grandparents, and wrapping every little stocking stuffer...whew! We'll be wrapping until December 23rd! On Christmas night I am sure we will be furiously wrapping Josiah's birthday presents as well.
I need to go grocery shopping really bad. Maybe this weekend.
Grace has been waking up with bad dreams again. She thinks there is bugs in her bed. She wakes up screaming a few times every night. Olaf doesn't know which way is up when that happens. He stumbles around looking at his alarm and batting the air. What a dork!
Caleb is home from school. He didn't ask to eat too much today. BUT, everytime I went into the kitchen he followed me in there. I'd just point toward the living room and he'd turn around and leave. The kids all get so wound up when he's home. He is so hyper and that revs up everyone else. You'd think Camille would be old enough not to get so hyper with him. Not so my friends. She can be the loudest in the bunch.
I took supper to Charity this evening and saw her baby. I love newborns. They make the funniest faces and are so....well...scrunchy! I held her for about 20 minutes. It was nice. I wanted to smell her, but I thought that may be a little weird.
OK, I need to get to bed. Olaf is standing behind me

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.23886
Retrieved Text: I get up at 6:00 AM, but I rarely go to bed before midnight, and usually more like 2:00 AM. (I do nap during the day.) I like being able to fall asleep easily. According to my Fitbit, I fall asleep within minutes, but that's just because I don't toss and turn. It takes a half hour to an hour. I've been falling asleep faster since I began using Night Shift on my iPad - and wanting to go to bed earlier. I am usually either reading on my iPad or at my computer in the evening and wee hours.
When I get up, I turn on fairly bright halogen lights in my bathroom and dressing room (large closet). In a half hour I am at my computer again, getting flooded with blue light.
I'm in my 70s, and have been sleeping less and less at night for the past 10 or 15 years. I've been able to get up at any time I choose (with an alarm or naturally, once I set the habit) since I got over being a teenager.
At any rate, I would like to adjust bedtime independently of rise time.
Agree totally! I just could not believe there was no setting for bedtime.
I just turned 70. I get up at 07:30 and usually go to bed close to 23:30. I have no problems going to sleep, but do agree that late night screen time probably influences how long it takes me to fall asleep.
I have a friend who is even older than I am and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.211752
Retrieved Text: Went on a late night ghost walk behind the now defunct St.Josephs hospital in Sudbury,ON. August 18/2013,brought 4 different digital cameras and 2 digital sound recording devices. One camera and one recorder were operated by my assistant while I took photos with 2 of 3 cameras(one failed) and did occasional EVP sessions over the course of an hour and a half.
When I was around 9 or 10, my sister and I went to visit friend's of my father's one evening. My brother (who is 2 years older than me) couldn't come because he was sick, so he stayed home with my mom.
When we arrived at my dad's friend's place, we were shown a very large spinning top. My sister and I played with it throughout the evening in the basement while my dad and his friends were upstairs.
As I was spinning the top, I looked up and saw my brother walk across the room, (wearing his pyjamas) from one bedroom to the next.
I thought this was odd, since I did not remember him coming with us.
I looked in both rooms and didn't see him. I asked my sister if she saw him, she said "no". I then went upstairs to look for my brother, told my dad I saw him.
I lived in an apartment in the Flour Mill for four years, with my two children. From day one there was an overall uneasiness in the apartment. I chalked it up to just being alone in a new place. My eldest daughter who was 1 1/2 at

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.163908
Retrieved Text: Why Can’t I Get to Sleep? Then Struggle to Wake Up in the Morning?
As someone living with ADHD, there are probably a lot of things about your sleep that doesn’t seem logical. When you dig a little deeper though, and understand how ADHD affects sleep, it can start to make sense. Plus then, you are in a great place to start resolving your sleep issues.
Last week, we talked about the 4 common ADHD sleep issues.
2. Falling asleep and 4. Waking up.
People who have this combination are often puzzled and wonder, ‘If I was so tired that I couldn’t wake up, why couldn’t I fall asleep?
1. Sleep hormones are typically released at a later time in the ADHD body compared to the non–ADHD population; which is why it is hard for you to fall asleep before 2am or 3am.
2. Your ADHD brain goes on overdrive the minute your head hits the pillow. You start thinking +++ about the past, the future and all your worries. This makes sleep impossible.
3. You have a negative association with sleeping in your bed. Your bed has become such a battleground for sleep, it makes it difficult to fall asleep there. However, if you are on a plane, train or at friend’s house, you can fall asleep within minutes.
Like other humans, adults with ADHD need approximately 7 to 8 hours of sleep each night. Though if you are falling asleep at 3 am and need to get up at 6 am, that is only 3 hours. In just one night, you have

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.150057
Retrieved Text: Steve and I have different bedtimes. I can’t believe I just said that and didn’t backspace. It sounds so juvenile. But I really don’t know any better way to say it. I go to bed much earlier than he does. I like to read in bed and let my eyelids tell me when it’s time to fall asleep. My book ends up on the pillow or the floor; sometimes I have enough foresight to put a marker in it and turn off the lamp. And sometimes, I say I’m going to bed and get distracted by the glow of the screen saver. I could be addicted to the internet.
Seriously. Steve and I have often discussed how I’m the only person we know that’s not addicted to something (unless you count ice cream or pasta, I guess). But if we were to analyze me further, we’d see I rarely go more than a couple hours without logging on to see what I missed while I was away.
I check emails and Facebook (even though I think I’m too old for it now). I check my LinkedIn account occasionally, look up words on dictionary.com. I peruse eBay, Banana Republic, Amazon for things to buy. I read my own blogs because I’m egotistical. I watch my sitemeter like a hawk. I read other people’s blogs and I google random topics that I heard recently that I’m not knowledgeable about. I look at what jobs are out there even though I’m not looking. In a nutshell, I dawdle because I love

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.035192
Retrieved Text: March was all about focusing on sleep for me. (See my other monthly goals here.) For YEARS I have been a night owl. Like, 2am would roll around and I would be surprised how late it was. My body just doesn’t give me the sleepy cues it should to force my buns into bed. The only problem is that I have an early alarm clock and kids that need a functional mama every morning. Now, I might be “functional” after 4 hours of sleep but I am certainly not very nice about it. I realized a couple of years ago that “functional” wasn’t going to cut it anymore and that I wanted to be more pleasant and less grumpy. So, I started changing my sleep habits. I’m still not perfect about it and now I only stay up until 2am if I have deadlines!
I wanted to spend a month focusing on my sleep just to remind myself of how important it is and keep myself on the right sleep track.
Here are some tips for getting better sleep if you tend to stay up late then regret the next morning!
1. Stop looking at tv, phone, laptop, computer, etc. about 30 minutes before you plan to go to sleep. The light messes with your brain and tells your body to stay awake.
2. Go to bed a little earlier each night. If you are staying up until 2am, like I was, it will be a huge adjustment to suddenly hit the hay at 10pm.
3. Don’t nap. For me, a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.02668
Retrieved Text: It was late at night, when this person could no longer fall asleep. Something it seems was keeping them awake. A Reddit user shared their experience, mentioning when they were around 16-17 years old, they suddenly woke up and sensed that something was very wrong.
Whatever this was, it was in the room with them. This person was raised in a Christian household and their faith is quite strong. Their very first instinct was to pray…hoping to ward away whatever might be lingering within the shadows of their bedroom with them.
As they laid there, they felt a sudden wave of fear wash over them. Perhaps they were experiencing some kind of sleep paralysis, as they were unable to move any part of their body. It was as if they were completely frozen in place. When they attempted to call out for their parents, nothing came out of their mouth but silence. This person went on to explain that they felt extremely vulnerable and there was an eerie feeling in the air.
Thinking back years ago, they estimated this to have happened at around 3:30 AM when they attempted to roll over in bed trying to sleep. Their body it seems was paralyzed from head to toe for what seemed like forever. At one point, they felt their left arm slowly start moving. They weren’t controlling their arm, something else was. At first, their hand moved towards their face, then back down towards the base of their neck.
Being a Christian, they took a moment to pray to the Lord.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.981037
Retrieved Text: Today’s little post is for sure a “nugget”. I’ve been hustling my tail to clean, mow, shower and cook while Evie is napping. And I even snuck in 15 minutes of chill time! My window of opportunity is closing.
But my heart wants to share what God spoke to me late last night. Little One has slept through the night (mostly) from a very young age. But since she became super mobile, she’s often very restless at night and wakes herself up. We’ve seen her sitting up rubbing her eyes (still asleep) then slump forward, legs in a criss-cross-applesauce position, but her head down on the pillow.
Several times last night, I hurried to her room to calm her and give her a pacifier before she woke up too much. Finally, she was standing in her bed, crying and mostly asleep. I decided just to make her a bottle and rock her for a while.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.975264
Retrieved Text: When we go to the beach in the summer, we bring the dog. She's part of the family after all and she LOVES the beach. She usually rides in the back and falls asleep on one of the kids. She's not too crazy about being in the car, but she likes it when we get there. It's easy to take her to the beach because we have a house to stay at.
When we go away somewhere where we need to stay in a hotel, we leave the dog at home and my brother watches her. It might be nice to bring her along sometimes, but we'd need to find Pet Friendly Hotels.
I remember the first time we took her to Canada with us. She needed more paperwork than we did! You need to have proof that the dog has had all its shots to cross the border. She kind of embarrassed me because she kept barking and growling at the customs guy. At least he didn't keep us long. Coming home was the same way-more paperwork and more growling. We stayed with family so we didn't need to worry about Pet Friendly Hotels.
She had a nice time in Canada. My wife's aunt has one of those "toy" dogs and Bailey had a ball chasing it around and knocking it all over the place. She was a bit more subdued around another aunt's doberman pinscher. We were staying in HIS house and he let Bailey know he was boss. I think she was glad to get out

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.974976
Retrieved Text: Rain & Thunder = Back to Bed!
Well its another wet morning for us around here. Let me tell you.. its so much harder to get out of the bed when its a rainy morning. I found my way to the coffee pot and tried waking up to the thunder. ( Thankfully , we are not experiencing all the cold and snow that many people are. ) Jackson was in a happy happy mood this morning. I guess going to bed earlier last did him good. And guess what? There was no tricking his mom this morning. He is wearing the right clothes and has all the right papers and books... lets just hope its a good day for him.
I'm pretty sure I am going to lay back and sleep for a few more hours. I didn't fall asleep until super late. Last night about 3am.. I went downstairs and started snooping around in the frig for a late night snack. Well somehow I knocked a huge bowl holding leftovers off the shelf. I had a HUGE mess to clean up. I can't believe I didn't wake anyone up.. the house was so quiet.. and then BAM.. big mess! I didn't wash the bowl or anything. Instead.. I got the floor as clean as I could but there is still a lot to do in the kitchen today. But I'm pretty sure it will wait on me till later.
I think its time to head back to dreamland. Why Not..
1 comment on "Rain & Thunder = Back to

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: Context: Carson made lots of friends when they went to the club last night.

Question: What will Carson want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: spend time with others

B: not talk to anyone

C: avoid others

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.293947
Retrieved Text: Annual RLCT - How does this all come about?
Most of our activities are winding down, except for our intrepid cyclocross members (from youth to masters) participating in the Eastern Ontario Cyclocross series and some week-end outings to the Velodrome. It was very exciting to have Carson Miles, from the OBC Juniors, selected as a member of the Canadian team that went to the world Road Championships in Austria last month. Congratulations to Carson and the coaches.
Overall it has been a busy and safe cycling season. As well, around 250 members took the time to respond to our first-ever Club Survey. From the preliminary results, you have given us some constructive ideas on our future programs which will build a stronger club. Stay tuned.
Your Board is gearing up for the AGM (November 12) and for the first time, the evening will also feature our Annual Awards presentation (see below for details). And of course the 2019 OBC Board will be elected.
After three active and rewarding years, I am stepping down. So this is my last entry holding “the pen” for the President’s Message in the Spokesperson. My cycling skills have improved, friendships have expanded and you are all part of our contribution to the world of cycling...for us and the next generation.
The 2018 OBC AGM will be held on Monday November 12 at Ottawa City Hall (Colonel By Room). Doors will open at 6:30 p.m and the AGM will start at 6:45 p.m.
New this year: Presentation of OBC Awards, Results from the first-ever OBC Survey and the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.17097
Retrieved Text: Ben Carson is defending his comments that put the gun control debate front and center in the headlines over the past few days. Carson made some comments seen as controversial when it comes to mass shootings, particularly on the heels of the recent tragedy in Oregon last week. Critics are accusing him of being “insensitive” to the mass shooting victims with some of his recent comments, according to Fox News live today.
According to CBS News on October 7, Carson said that he’d rather see a body with bullet holes over gun control.” This was a comment he made during his Facebook Q&A on Monday night. Then he said while talking about the mass shooting in Oregon this week, “I would not just stand there and let him shoot me,” Carson told “Fox and Friends” live. “I would say ‘Hey, guys, everybody attack him! He may shoot me but he can’t get us all.” he said on Fox News while chuckling on Tuesday.
Carson then explained that he is “not judging them at all. But, you know, these incidents continue to occur. I doubt that this will be the last one. I want to plant the seed in people’s minds so that if this happens again, you know, they don’t all get killed,” he said. He also went on “The View” and once again made the point that teachers should have a gun.
He did say that he would want to see the teachers trained and obviously he wouldn’t want to see that gun sitting out on the desk,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.930126
Retrieved Text: Hawaiian stylin’ and fun waves!
Last night I went along to the Watergate Bay Surf Club’s first event. I have been working hard with friends and other local surfers to put together a community surfing club here at Watergate Bay. Over the years the area has lost a lot of its community vibe with so much development focused on tourism and holiday industry. There are lots of surfers in the area so we decided it was about time to put together a surfing club for the community so we can all get together, enjoy surfing waves, living the lifestyle, making new friends and creating a great local and community environment in the bay.
Last night’s Hawaiian party at the Phoenix was great! There was a great turnout of people and some amazing hawaiian style food put on by the Phoenix. With live music and lots of dancing the night was a great success and it was really nice to see everyone coming together.
After a couple too many drinks last night, we were up early this morning and back down to the bay. We had some groups in for surfing lessons with my coach Chris and I was stoked to see some clean surf under blue sky! The perfect remedy for any late night. After walking the dog and doing a few errands I made it in and got some great waves. After our lessons finished and I got out of the water the wind had picked up, the sky had turned grey and it was all over on

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.485888
Retrieved Text: Last night was a really crazy night. We went out with my frieds to this amazing club and had a great time! It was really nice because it was a long time since we were going to dance together.
looks like you had fun! lots of lovely ladies, one of your friends looks a lot like Danneel Harris!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.065708
Retrieved Text: MARLON KING says Birmingham will keep right on to the end of the road – despite a heavy schedule and a turbulent last 12 months.
Chris Hughton’s team face the prospect of a 63rd game should they reach next month’s play-off final at Wembley.
But striker King says it is of no concern as they strive for a Premier League return against the odds.
“It’s only outsiders who keep bringing up the tiredness thing. You haven’t heard it coming from the players or staff or any of the fans,” said King, whose 18th goal of a season extended by the Europa League kept them fourth.
King added: “Getting a draw after being two down shows our battling qualities and our team spirit. When we got the second we thought we could go on to win it.
King admits a swift return to the top flight would help to ease the club’s financial problems amid warnings they made big losses during last season’s relegation campaign despite lifting the Carling Cup.
Birmingham International Holdings, the parent company, have delayed releasing the accounts.
Club president Carson Yeung is also awaiting trial on money laundering charges totalling £59million and boss Hughton, who took over from Alex McLeish last June, has had to build on a limited budget.
“It has been a hell of a season and a bit of a roundabout for everyone if you look at last summer, with the transition the club went through and are still going through with the owners,” said King.
“But we know we have the strength and the quality to be in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.78361
Retrieved Text: Like after (counting on my fingers) few months, finally an update for my Girls Night Out segment. I was two weeks in Manila months ago. The impact of not booking my return ticket was awesome. One of the perks if you are working as a freelancer. Go work hard and play harder! My "summer never ends" mood was real.
When Pulse Radio posted the Philippines Top 5 EDM Clubs, I gasp when I read it because I've been to all of them, amazing! HAHA Maybe I just don't mind. It was a perfect week to go straight night out with my friend, Cathryn.
My first time I went here last December 2014 for our (traditional) year end party with friends. Last May, it was a perfect timing when I arrived Wednesday in Manila for DJ Snake! He was the mixed DJ of Get Low one of the soundtracks in Fast and Furious 7. He was wearing his sunglasses the entire time as his trademark and still looking good.
The crowd. We were in front on the left.
I also met her friend, Coco!
I ended my last weekend of July with friends at the Valkyrie, I always have a great time in Manila. Tadaaah! our one and only group picture in my phone.
This club is located inside the building at the 8th floor of W Global Center, The Fort, Bonifacio Global City near the Valkyrie. The club is not that big, but they are currently under renovation this month for new interiors, I will definitely check this out when I come

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.51044
Retrieved Text: Yesterday I wrote about my awesome husband. Last night a group of my friends proved just how awesome they are.
I hosted the monthly book club for my moms group last night. About an hour before it was to start, Wil, who had seemed to skate through this last illness, complained he wasn't feeling good. No wonder, as he had developed a fever. Knowing Chris was capable of taking care of the boys, I went ahead with book club (the boys would be either downstairs or upstairs from where we were meeting).
Cue delightful book club wherein everyone talked about a book we all enjoyed and talk eventually turned to other topics.
And just as the first "I should get home" noises were being made, the sound of coughing (horrible sound from Wil; he had croup as a baby and his cough has always sounded a little "croupy" ever since) and crying started upstairs. Since I was closer, I went up to check just in time for Wil to throw up - in bed.
Amanda and Allison got Chris to come help. The whole group started picking up the dishes and food, even rinsing stuff and loading the dishwasher. The living room and dining room were immaculate by the time I came downstairs. And then the 6 women left (but not a hasty retreat; just a "we should go so you can deal with your sick child and it was time to go anyway" departure).
Do you have friends who will clean up your kitchen in a pinch? I learned last

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.205954
Retrieved Text: Me in panic mode on the Ferris Wheel...not a good ride for me...way too high!
Home made cookie sandwhich made by Peter..yummy!!!!
Where has the summer gone? My last blog entry was July 16Th...what a blog slacker!!!
Life has been busy for the Aubertin family. Day trips, BBQ's , family vacations and a whole lot of fun! We camped with my in-laws for the first time. Lots of fun with the exception of the torrential down pour and hale storm...Sharbot Lake is one of my Favorite Provincial Parks. Baseball season wrapped up for Carson. He had another amazing year! Hi coach suggested that Carson try out for the Rep team next year...yikes! We also headed to Darien Lake theme park in New York with the McKewons , Camerons and a few new friends. What a blast! For the most part the weather was great. The kids and adults, enjoyed many rides and attractions and a few beverages by the fire. There were 11 kids all together and everyone of them got along really well! The girls(Shelyn, Maddy, Macey and Hannah) went on the silver bullet a "million"times. I love rides but I was getting motion sickness watching them go in circles for almost an hour total. Crazy kids! We did manage to do some shopping while in the US but I was a little disappointed I actually came back with money... you know what that means...that's right ladies, another shopping trip to plan! On our way home from Darien Lake , we stoped in Burlington, ON to visit the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.184935
Retrieved Text: Virginia Beach, Va.—More than 800 hardy souls braved a driving snow storm Wednesday night to hear Dr. Ben Carson speak at the Virginia Beach Forum. If they came hoping to hear a fresh voice on the American political stage—they were not disappointed.
Carson, a renowned pediatric neurosurgeon rose to the top of his field after growing up in dire poverty in the inner city, raised by a mother with only a 3rd grade education. He said his mother watched many people in the city go on welfare but, she observed, she never saw any of them come off welfare. This made her determined to make her own living even if it meant working as a domestic from early morning to late night every day.
Young Ben Carson was a horrible student with poor grades, a terrible temper and low self-esteem. But his mother interrupted what would have been a scenario to failure. She demanded excellence from her boys. She made them read two books each week and write book reports. In truth, she could barely read their reports but nonetheless marked them and checked them, not letting the boys know her deficiency. Ultimately Ben came to love reading and became an excellent student.
When her boys brought problems to her, she would challenge them, asking “do you have a brain? Use it and figure it out.” She would not accept excuses.
From this humble beginning he went on to become the emeritus professor of neurosurgery, oncology, plastic surgery and pediatrics at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, where he directed

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.591604
Retrieved Text: collegeman: One loko is a pregame. Two lokos is a blackout. Three lokos you are guaranteed to end up naked somewhere. Scientifically proven.
Sheesh.: Woke up naked on my best friend's bed after a Four Loko party. When I asked my incredibly dull sober friend what had happened the night before apparently I got with a chick, ate lots of pieces of cold left over turkey from Christmas dinner and drove a car into a river. I'm a guy, I'm gay,I'm a vegetarian and I can't drive. Four Loko, Eugh.
LokoLady: I'm convinced Four Loko turns you into an entirely different person- a moral-less crazy person. I've never woken up from a night of Loko's saying "Yes, the decisions I made last night were good ones!" haha Yet, I still drink it... I guess I like the moral-less crazy person in me. Last night, I went to a club, got drunk with my friends, cabbed it back (surprising we cabbed it, honestly, usually the Loko makes me think I'm cool to drive) to my friends house, drank a Loko (not even sure what flavor it was, I was so tanked), gave my MARRIED guy friend a naked lap dance, then proceeded to drive home with him n his friend whom I just met, and fucked his friend. Funny thing is, I don't even remember anything after the lapdance. And that was my first one night stand. Woke up at about 1pm (still wasted and next to a naked guy I really don't know) and called in to my

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.510584
Retrieved Text: WOLFVILLE, N.S. - The Acadia Axemen posted a comeback win on Saturday night, grabbing an important 4-point game from the Dalhousie Tigers and improving to 2-6.
After trailing the Tigers 16-5 to start the first frame, the Axemen worked hard to get back into the game before the quarter ended. Acadia went on an 8-point run to close out the quarter and bringing Acadia to within three points in a 16-13 Tigers advantage.
Ben Miller (Winnipeg, Man.) of the Axemen shot 3/4 from behind the arch in the first, contributing nine of his team's 13 points, while Tiger Alex Carson (Lower Sackville, N.S.) of the netted 10 of his team's first 16 points.
Nick De Palma (Bedford, N.S.) ran off the court holding his leg after coming in contact with a Dalhousie player in the second quarter. He would return to the bench in the third frame.
Acadia worked hard to keep up with the Tigers in the second, though they would fall back a few points. At the half, the Tigers would hold a 32-25 lead over the host Axemen.
Carson added two points in the second to lead all players with 12 points.
The game remained close throughout the third quarter, and the Axemen battled hard to ensure the lead would not grow.
With one second remaining on the clock in the third quarter, Trevon Grant (Wolfville, N.S.) made a three-point shot to give Acadia their first lead of the game, bringing the home crowd to their feet. The Axemen went into the last break ahead 52-51.
Neither team was going to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.44858
Retrieved Text: Saturday, January 22nd: Today we slept in and had waffles for breakfast. Josh got the house all cleaned up. We left for Church at 3:30. It was another great service and the kids had a great time. After Church we went to Whole Foods to get a special treat. $22 later, we came home with dessert. The kids were tired so they went to bed early. Josh and I stayed up late and watched TV.
Sunday, January 23rd: Today Josh and I tried not to sleep in too late. We were up by 7:30. Josh was in charge of breakfast today. I went grocery shopping. We watched football. The kids played with their Transformers. I got caught up on laundry. I did alot of baking. I made oatmeal white chocolate chip cranberry cookies, homemade blueberry muffins, chocolate chip muffins and chocolate chip waffles.
Monday, January 24th: Today the boys were excited to go to school. They are both looking forward to their 100th day on Friday. Cam was home sick today so I drove to the school 3 times today. Back and forth. Emma and I spent the day crafting and scrapbooking in between driving to school. After school we all went outside for awhile. It was a nice warm afternoon, near 70. The kids rode their bikes and colored with chalk.
Tuesday, January 25th: Today AJ didn't come over until 8:30. Emma has a cold and was up all last night with a sore throat. She seemed better this afternoon, but colds are always worse in the morning

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.4476
Retrieved Text: Looking back on my my first triathlon club social. For those that have followed my journey from start or via this blog. You will know that I had to close myself away to focus on my recovery. This meant that my social scene went to zero. How can you recovery from drinking problem if your going back to pub everynight to see friends. Well that started to become the norm and in April 2017 I ad a bad bout of the blues. Read http://thesoberyorkshireman.co.uk/coping-depression-now-im-sober So I got told to join a club and the one I chose was Wakefield Triathlon Club.
Since then I have been getting out a lot more albeit running, cycling or swimming sessions. Just getting to know people from the sessions I was attending. This gave me a great base of support for training and a lot of virtual friends. By this you know you get lots of facebook friend request and never meet anyone. I then see a post on club facebook site saying triathlon club social curry night. I love a curry but a social with many people I don’t know bit daunting.
“bet it pisses you off were pissed and your not”.
See head goes into overdrive at this point. Thoughts about will they judge me for to drinking, will I get all those questions about why you not drinking. Then anxiety kicks in and you feel like you don’t want to be there. Or like other week when I went on a works social. You get to point where people are

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.244787
Retrieved Text: And I guess I failed to include in the last post an update on our fourth family member. Are we really going to be a family of FOUR?? From his latest photo shoot, here's Mr. Fetus, giving us all a big kiss.
He looks healthy from all the ultrasounds, so I may only have to do one or two more towards the end of the pregnancy to make sure his placenta doesn't just check out on us like Carson's did.
This child is a MOVER. I never felt Carson kick and move like this baby does. One time I sat with my laptop propped up on my belly, and the computer just about jumped off my lap when there was a sharp movement from the inside. He keeps me (and sometimes Rick too, depending on the cuddling proximity) awake during the night with his endless dances. I hope this doesn't mean he's going to be high energy... I cringe in fear when I come across books or articles with titles like, "Your Difficult Child," or "Taming the Spirited Child." Pleeeease not this one.
And... here is another ultrasound picture. Most of the pictures have looked like a normal baby, but the more I look at this one, the more it makes me wonder what on earth this child is going to look like. His upper lip comes out further than his odd little nose! Let's just hope it's a bad angle. Ten more weeks and we'll see what he really looks like!
Today is a no-car day. We've already used

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.18612
Retrieved Text: Carson Valley Lions Joe Girdner and Ron Santi flank Carson Valley Days button designer Davianna Morris.
The countdown to Carson Valley's biggest celebration is down to less than a month.
Carson Valley Days are June 7-10 this year, with the parade on June 9.
The parade theme is to be "Fun in the Great Outdoors," according to the Carson Valley Active 20-30 Club, which organizes the event.
Dating back to the first Carson Valley Day in 1910, the event has featured a parade every year since 1946.
With the primary election set for June 12, expect political entries to swell the ranks of parade entries this year.
Lining up in Minden at 9 a.m., the parade closes Highway 395 from Buckeye Road to Waterloo Lane.
Last week, Carson Valley Lions Club recognized Douglas High School senior Davianna Morris with a certificate of appreciation for her winning design of this year's Carson Valley Days button.
Buttons will be available the day of the parade for $2. Lions President Ron Santi said they'll be operating the jail for those who fail to purchase a button.
The annual Carson Valley Days carnival kicks off with buddy night on June 7 in Lampe Park with tickets 2-for-1.
The carnival continues through June 10. Pre-sale tickets for those days can be purchased at Raley's, Nevada State Bank, and Accolades Trophies.
Lampe Park will be the site of most Carson Valley Days activities, including free live music on Friday night, Saturday and Sunday.
Crafts fair vendors, food vendors, face painting, children's games, horseshoe tournament, basketball tournament, and a bounce house will also be at

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.175352
Retrieved Text: A Night On The Town..
I Had some really interesting feedback from my last post about the London riots so thanks guys for your feedback. Always appreciated. Thankfully, it's all over and the guy I mentioned, the student who had his jaw broken and then was robbed, well over £12,000 was raised for him in the end which made me happy.
So last weekend I went out in London as a rather last minute decision thing. It was a friend’s birthday and I had been itching to have a night out away from Southend for ages. When I'm not seeing Alex, I have to work most weekends so a mini weekend night out was very welcome. In the say Sat, me and Alex went and played pool at my local club. I got Alex signed up with his own yearly membership and am hoping to improve his game so by the time he gets to my age, he will be a grand master...just like his Dad.
So after pool and after Alex left for the evening, I hopped on the train down to London, got on the tube at Liverpool Street and headed down to South Wimbledon where my crazy friend Laura lives. When I got there, people were drinking in the garden, South London was just coming alive and people were arriving. Now what I expected in my mind and what I got from the night was exactly the same thing...lots of different people from different backgrounds (we had a couple Kiwi's, Australians, Swedish, Slovenian and Spanish folks

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.089458
Retrieved Text: Nina Snyder of Carson City eats crab at the CVIC Hall in 2012 during the annual Carson Valley Sertoma crab feed.
Once again the Carson Valley Sertoma Club will be holding a crab and tri-tip dinner that will help fund the hot-soup program for the Douglas County Senior Center.
The dinner is 5 p.m. Feb. 15 at the St. Gall Pastoral Center, 1343 Centerville Lane in Gardnerville.
"This popular fundraiser has been selling out each year as we reached the capacity of the CVIC Hall in Minden," organizers said. "Last year it sold out about one month before the event, so event chairman, Doug Petersen, and his Sertoma team are moving the dinner to the much larger facility at Saint Gall. The seating capacity will almost double, so there will be less crowding and more time to linger over dessert with friends."
The hot-soup program, run by Young At Heart, serves soup to about 120 seniors daily, and has been going on for many years.
"Many (seniors) have bad teeth, and for many it's the only nutrition they get," said Peterson. "And it brings all of them together every day."
There will also be a silent auction and a 50-50 drawing added to the evening's activities.
The dinner menu includes Dungeness crab clusters harvested off the Northern California coast about two days prior to the dinner serving. Prime-cut tri-tip will be served in addition to the crab, along with baked potatoes (with butter, sour cream or chives), salad, dinner rolls, soup, dessert and coffee, tea or water. Wine, beer or soft drinks will

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.060057
Retrieved Text: Me and my best friend Jasmine went out on Carson and then rounded up our college friend Krissii and we ended up having a good ol’ time. I had on my cat ears from Argentina and we ended up with these masks this one club was giving away. It was a nice time. I was disappointed I paid $20 for a wristband to drink all night and they didn’t have any of the alcohol I wanted. Next year I will most definitely have to party all weekend to make up for Halloween.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.010685
Retrieved Text: Derby County's season came to an end at Craven Cottage as goals from Ryan Sessegnon and Denis Odoi secured a 2-1 aggregate victory for Fulham in the Sky Bet Championship Play-Off Semi-Final.
The Rams fought bravely in the first-half to hold on to their first-leg lead, but the Cottagers struck twice after the break to secure their place at the Wembley final.
The home and away support provided a fitting backdrop to the game in the early stages with vociferous backing for their teams, and it was Fulham that created the first clear opportunity after eight minutes.
Aboubakar Kamara – in for Floyd Ayite – broke away fortuitously when Craig Forsyth’s clearance deflected into his path to start a three-on-one attack.
He seemed to delay his pass, though, and by the time he had found Sessegnon, Scott Carson was in the right position to make a fine stop.
Aleksandar Mitrovic was Fulham’s target-man once again and he played a neat one-two with Sessegnon on 20 minutes before striking tamely at Carson.
Derby were lively on the break but the home side continued to find sight of goal, with Stefan Johansen next to take aim, but he fired well over the crossbar.
Mitrovic went even closer on 36 minutes before Kamara had a swerving effort kept out, but on the stroke of half-time, Carson pulled off an incredible, box-office stop to deny Mitrovic’s powerful header.
The reprieve didn’t last long as Fulham took the lead on the night just two minutes into the second-half.
Johansen found space in the area before finding Sessegnon, and the 17-year-old

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.92238
Retrieved Text: Boys & Girls Clubs of Carson | Volunteer Spotlight, Zeta Mu Beta Fraternity Inc.
24 Jan Volunteer Spotlight, Zeta Mu Beta Fraternity Inc.
Zeta Mu Beta Fraternity at California State University, Long Beach, has been one of our shining community groups for the past two years that has provided our Club with endless support for events such as the Blue Door Bash Annual Gala and the Youth of the Year Annual Recognition Night.
What is one accomplishment that makes your group most proud of the volunteer work you’ve done at the Club?
One accomplishment that we are most proud of is establishing a strong connection with the Boys & Girls Clubs of Carson. We have been working with them for about two years, and before that we were having a hard time finding an organization to connect with in our community. Hopefully this won’t be the last year that we will be with them!
What do you all love most about volunteering at the BGCC?
About half of our members are from Carson, so not only are we giving back to a great community cause, we are also giving back to the community that many of our members were raised.
In your eyes, how has the BGCC impacted the communities of Carson and South Los Angeles?
The BGCC has provided support for not only the youth that are a part of these programs but for their families as well. Some of our members were part of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Carson and these programs have helped them establish friendships with staff and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.874865
Retrieved Text: November began with a good-bye: Pappy left after his week-long visit.
Windy Faye on Veteran's Day. We should have gone out for free meals and such with our active duty military IDs, but Rick worked late.
Candy turkey time! We used the turkeys this year for Carson's birthday treat to share with his class at school.
Helping me finish making the treats the morning of his birthday.
Carson was actually down sick the week leading up to his birthday. He even had to miss school one day, but luckily he bounced back in time to go in and share the turkeys, although you can still see his sick eyes!
Opening a couple of gifts after his requested dinner of tortellini.
We threw a party for Carson the Saturday after his birthday. He chose a Ninja Warrior theme, and we sent out invitations challenging his friends to try our awesome obstacle course. Unfortunately, the outdoor course was rained out! The night before the party, I reluctantly started looking up ideas for indoor obstacle courses. I turned around to see Rick moving furniture and taping lines to the floor with painter's tape. He had set up an amazing course in just a few minutes! One of Rick's many talents, apparently. Here, I led this kids in a warm-up, Insanity-style of course.
We had parents helping out, timing each kid. Their times were recorded on their name tags, so they could try to improve each time they went around. Kaiya is off to a good start here!
First off was the quintuple step.
and then crawl under it.
I

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.804598
Retrieved Text: Republican voters may be hungry for a Washington outsider, but being a political novice and running for president is proving to be a rather tricky undertaking for former neurosurgeon Ben Carson, who has found himself at the center of yet another storm of controversy over his comments on last week's deadly shooting rampage at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg, Oregon.
In a matter of days, Carson has seemingly blamed the victims for failing to jump the gunman, dismissed bullet-ridden dead bodies as simply the cost of freedom and called for the arming of kindergarten teachers.
Carson said "guns don't kill people"
During a visit to "Fox & Friends" on Tuesday, Carson took on the typical conservative complaint that any mention of gun control in the aftermath of a mass shooting is a ploy to "politicize" tragedy.
“When do we have people that actually want to solve our problems, rather than just politicize everything?” Carson asked the hosts.
Carson has credited Webster for his newfound and ardent anti-gun control views. While Carson once supported the idea of banning assault weapons and armor-piercing ammunition, he says he has since changed his mind.
"Reading people like Daniel Webster, who talked about tyranny in Europe and said it would never occur in America because the American people were armed," he told USA Today this week. "When you look at tyranny and how it occurs, the pattern is so consistent: Get rid of the guns for the people first so you can go in and dominate them."
Carson is out promoting his new book, "A More Perfect Union,"

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.802465
Retrieved Text: Wow. What a whirlwind of emotions I’ve been through during the last 24 hours. My Eagles are Super Bowl champions. No matter how many times I say that out loud it just doesn’t seem real. Because when you’re a Philly sports fan things aren’t supposed to go your way.
From McNabb’s famous vomiting to Carson Wentz’ torn ACL. The City of Brotherly Love never catches a break. When the Eagles played New England in the Super Bowl they had TO and Brian Dawkins, both of who just got inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame this weekend. If they couldn’t win then, they almost surely couldn’t win now. I remember being 11 years old and crying my eyes out into my black TO jersey, and guys last night I cried into my black Jalen Mills jersey. But this time they were tears of absolute joy and relief.
Two years ago when Doug Pederson was hired people (myself included) didn’t understand why we hired him. During most of his first season the sentiment was pretty much the same. Why? I’ll tell you why now, he’s the best coach in the NFL this year. That’s why. I don’t care what was voted, he’s the COY not McVay. No disrespect to him, but Pederson just won a Super Bowl with a team many expected to go 8-8 or 9-7. Those were the predictions before losing Jordan Hicks, Jason Peters, and Carson Wentz. The national media completely wrote this team off and they responded week after week.
Enough good things can’t be

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.791054
Retrieved Text: Fundraiser attendees buy raffle tickets for sports memorabilia at the concert benefitting the Carson Valley Boys and Girls Club.
On Friday afternoon, guests gathered at TJ's Corral for a fundraiser benefiting the Carson Valley Branch of the Boys and Girls Club through the Mike Tice foundation, kicking off the Mike Tice eighth annual charity weekend "For the Kids."
The Carson Valley Music, Food and Brew Fest offered live music, beer and wine tasting, food, cocktails, and a raffle for sports memorabilia.
Saturday was the Granger Smith concert, also at TJ's Corral, and Sunday finished the charity weekend with a charity golf tournament at Genoa Lakes Golf Club, complete with a barbecue dinner with cocktails, live music, and a live auction.
"The underlying goal of our efforts is building a stand-alone facility that the local kids can call their own," said Mike Tice.
The charity began in 2011, with only 45 guests on a two-day charity weekend, which raised $25,000. In 2017, over 170 participants attended and raised a whopping $300,000.
Several participants attending Friday's event hadn't even known the fundraiser was taking place, but came for the music.
Jim and Landa Waldron attend the Blues Night in Tahoe as often as possible, and heard about the concert through their friends. The music of the evening included Blues Monster, Buddy Emmer, Nancy Wright, Mighty Mike, and Chris Cain.
The sponsors for the weekend included Carson Valley Inn, the Pink House — a cheese and charcuterie shop in Genoa — Coffee on Main, Carson Valley Accounting, Mauritson Wines, Carson City BBQ, Jersey Boys Sausage, Chicago Mikes

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.74038
Retrieved Text: The night belonged to architect Louis Sullivan. Even though he's been gone since 1924, Chicago historian Tim Samuelson brought him back to life on January 25 at a dinner at The Cliff Dwellers Club--a club, Samuelson explained, whose members were kind, considerate and generous toward Sullivan during his "last days," when his commissions dried up and he'd hit hard times. Among those charitable members was Frank Lloyd Wright, who had worked for Sullivan early in his career. Even though the two had tension and disagreements through the years, according to Samuelson.
Members of the Cliff, as well as Friends of Downtown contributed to a standing room only crowd to hear about the work Sullivan did at the end of his career.
Although Sullivan's later life was marred with sadness, loneliness and diminished resources, Samuelson explained that Sullivan did small but significant projects. One such example? The two-story Kraus Music Store on North Lincoln Avenue. While the Carson Pirie Scott building on State Street (now Target) and Adler & Sullivan's Auditorium Theater with may be the buildings that everyone knows and comes to Chicago to see, the work Sullivan did as his life came to an end also stands the test of time.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.642912
Retrieved Text: You'll never guess which music videos she was in.
It's been a month since Anwar Hadid, hot younger brother of Bella and Gigi Hadid, was last spotted with his girlfriend, Nicola Peltz. The Daily Mail reported that they were "still going strong" while posing together at the Prada Resort Collection show in May. Over their year and a half relationship, they frequently went on date nights, hung out at Coachella, packed on the PDA, and Peltz even gushed about how much she loves Hadid's family.
Whether or not this means Hadid and Peltz are over, her successful acting career is sure to keep her in the spotlight. Here, everything you need to know about the 23-year-old actress.
She's successful in TV and film.
Peltz in the 2010 fantasy adventure film, The Last Airbender.
She made a cameo in Miley Cyrus' "7 Things" music video.
Are you freaking out? I'm freaking out. When Peltz was 13, she made a cameo as one of the little girls in Cyrus' angsty bop, "7 Things." (One of the top 10 Miley songs, btw.) The magic starts at 0:20.
She also made a cameo in the music video for Zayn Malik's 2016 song, "It's You." FYI, Zayn was dating Anwar's oldest sister Gigi at the time. My brother's girlfriend is going to star in my boyfriend's music video, too!
She's been linked to Justin Bieber.
The pair went on multiple dates together (photographic evidence here). A source told E! back in 2016, "Justin has a crush on Nicola and really enjoyed the date with her the other night. He wants

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.605701
Retrieved Text: Officials with Fountain-Fort Carson School District Eight wanted to make it clear pepper spray is not allowed on any campus following an incident on Thursday.
Was the Fountain-Fort Carson boys' basketball team intimidated by Pine Creek's undefeated record?
On Monday, the Fountain Fort Carson high school cheer squad received the Friday Night Blitz Spirit Award.
The long — nearly unbroken — line of Colorado Springs players in the major leagues may not be snapped this year even as two of the area's best step aside.
Fountain-Fort Carson football coach Jake Novotny gathered his team in the center of the field Tuesday after practice.
Quite literally, things are looking up for the Fountain-Fort Carson boys' swimming and diving program.
A year ago, Fountain-Fort Carson's 10-7 loss to Legend was a defining moment for the Trojans.
Fountain Fort Carson won against Pine Creek 69-60 home win Saturday night to hand the Eagles their first loss of the season.
Fountain-Fort Carson took on Regis Jesuit at Guy R. Barickman Stadium on Thursday October 18, 2018 in Fountain. FFC fell short 45-14.
FOUNTAIN - No more shaving cream tussles and other celebratory horseplay on the last day of school for Fountain-Fort Carson School District 8 students.
When Morgan Fox arrived for his first practice at Fountain-Fort Carson, he had already devised a detailed plan for his football future.
The case against 49-year-old Fountain-Fort Carson High School teacher Thomas McComb is being dismissed.
A team-by-team look at the 2018 preps volleyball season.
Graduation exercises for Fountain-Fort Carson High School were held at the school on Saturday, May 28, 2016. Photos by Ryan Jones, Special

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.577612
Retrieved Text: Marisa & Carson included me in every aspect of their engagement season, and it was such a sweet gift to be a part of so many cherished days with them, from their engagement session at Furman University to Marisa’s bridal session at Ritchie Hill in Charlotte, their Rehearsal Dinner at the Poinsett Club, and finally their wedding day at the Westin Poinsett, Furman’s Daniel Chapel and Revel. Plus – I also photographed Carson’s brother’s wedding (Sydney & Sam) in May, so I just absolutely felt like part of their family by the end of this great weekend and it was so fun to see them again as newlyweds and gaining new siblings!
These two met in grad school when they were assigned to sit together (how cute is that?), and a few years later are now both working in the medical field and living in Charlotte with their golden pup, Remi – who made an appearance both at their engagement session and on the wedding day! Marisa & Carson’s good friends actually drove Remi up on a golf cart to the Westin to have some portraits taken with them, and it was one of the funniest/best things about this day (scroll below for a fun behind the scenes of this!) I am still slightly obsessed with Marisa’s gorgeous Hayley Paige lace gown, and both first looks with her dad and Carson were probably my favorite moments of the day. I died in the best way over their beautiful bride & groom portraits outside (both at the Westin

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.511034
Retrieved Text: He and his sister, Quinn, shared a sweet moment on air.
Carson Daly thanked his sister on air Wednesday for the selfless act that "literally saved [his] life."
His sister, Quinn, 48, moved with her family from Palm Desert, California, to New York City so the family could be together after losing their parents.
"I just want to say publicly to my sister a quick thank you,'' Carson said on TODAY before giving her a heartfelt hug.
In September 2017, Carson and Quinn's mother, Pattie Daly Caruso, died at 73 of a heart attack. Just five weeks later, their stepfather Richard Caruso, whom they called "Pops," also passed away. He died at 85 from bone cancer and had been a beloved father to the siblings following the 1979 death of their biological father, Jim Daly, from bladder cancer.
"It was a crippling time for our family,'' Carson said. "After that devastating event, Quinn and I sort of looked at each other and went, 'We're all we have left.' Like literally, you're my only family left. Life is too short."
Quinn, her husband, Joel, and their daughters Jaden, 13, and Katherine, 9, moved from California, where they were living near the siblings' parents, to be near Carson, his wife, Siri, and their three children.
"They live a block away from me,'' Carson said. "Our kids go to school together and our family time is at the top of our priority list. And I want to thank you for making that move because it's literally saved my life."
That crucial family time was a reason why

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.442379
Retrieved Text: Reaching members and players with Facebook and other social platforms is a necessity for your business.
Whether you use Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, Instagram or any other social-media channel, your tennis facility is at a disadvantage if you aren’t actively involved in these forms of modern communication.
It will take a little time out of your day to promote events on social media, but if you do it the right way, it is well worth the effort. Spending as little as 15 minutes a day can be effective in getting out your message.
Although Royal Palm Tennis Club doesn’t specifically target potential new members with social media, the residual effects on business have been noticeable. “As people see what our club is doing, it has brought in new memberships due to the activity on social media,” says Hechtman.
Matt Watson, membership and special events director at the TBarM Racquet Club in Dallas, uses social media extensively to communicate with his members.
“Going where the eyeballs are is paramount,” says Mel Carson, founder and principal strategist for Delightful Communications. “The explosion in social media over the past five years, accelerated by the smart phone becoming more ubiquitous and feature-rich, has made it a must for any integrated marketing effort.
Carson believes that putting “unique content” on social media will increase engagement of current members, and increase the chances of their friends on Facebook, Twitter and other sharing platforms of also seeing that content.
“Fear of missing out is a huge driver of engagement on social media,” Carson says. “If friends of friends are exposed to

================



======= Instance Index 39 =========
Input Text: Context: Tracy protected her teammates from injury when she saw an accident about to happen prevented it.

Question: Why did Tracy do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: make a play

B: prevent injuries

C: injure them

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.68934
Retrieved Text: Tracy is an accident benefits coordinator & licensed paralegal at the Kahler Personal Injury Law Firm. Tracy has been employed in the personal injury/litigation field for the past 12 years. Her passion for assisting clients and her exceptional technical understanding of the accident benefits regime has provided Tracy with rewarding work exclusively in the area of car accident files. She is dedicated to assisting victims of car accidents with their claims for auto accident benefits. As a licensed paralegal, Tracy has participated in numerous meditations before the Financial Services Commission (FSCO). She has worked on and assisted our car accident lawyers Toronto at all stages of proceedings, both before the courts and the Financial Services Commission.
Tracy is a regular contributor and speaker at Ontario Trial Lawyer’s Association (OTLA) conferences and has had articles published in The Litigator (an OTLA publication). She is currently the Vice-Chair of the OTLA law clerks section, and a licensed paralegal in good standing with the Law Society of Upper Canada. She is also a member of the Institute of Law Clerks of Ontario. She is the past recipient of the Outstanding Law Clerk Award, presented by OTLA (2007), and the past recipient of the Distinguished Law Clerk Award, presented by OTLA (2008).
Tracy has recently developed an interest in local Zumba classes, and continues to be an avid Leafs fan despite their abysmal record. She also plays competitive slo-pitch in her spare time.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.05406
Retrieved Text: Trampoline parks are the fastest growing segment of the amusement business and personal fitness trainers are getting in on the action. And their clients are flying to trampoline parks fitness classes, happy to switch their routines up and add novelty moves to their workout regimens.
Why work out on a trampoline?
In addition to experiencing a new workout routine and venue, there are other perks for participants. When the body engages in explosive moves or when jogging in place, 80 percent of the shock is absorbed by the trampoline. This makes for much lower impact that’s easier on the joints and ideal for anyone recovering from an injury.
Another benefit to exercising on a trampoline is the full-body workout it offers. An unstable surface such as a trampoline requires many muscles in various parts of your body to engage for balance control, which makes for an extra challenging workout.
“Working out on a trampoline can improve your coordination and agility and, since it puts your musculoskeletal system under slight stress, promotes stronger bones and can ward off osteoporosis,” according to Natalie Rado, a New York City personal trainer.
Many of the exercises practiced in a regular gym environment, such as lunges, jumping jacks and kicks, and push-ups are easily done on the trampoline. Sometimes the entire trampoline is used to run laps and some activities are done with a small area. Equipment such as medicine balls, stretch bands, and small weights can also be easily incorporated into workouts, and the intensity scaled up or down to meet individual fitness levels.
There are

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.837555
Retrieved Text: A BRAVE young girl has got back on a pony after a riding accident in Bellingham, Northumberland, which resulted in her being airlifted. On April 23, Lucy Henderson, 10, from Kielder Village, was riding her pony, Flash, but as it was about to jump, the pony stopped and threw her off. Lucy hit the ground and hurt her ankle, so she unclipped her helmet and took off her boot to inspect the injury. Her father, Matt Henderson, 34, picked her up and put her back on the pony, with the intention of leading the pony back in the stable and then looking at Lucy’s ankle. When Lucy was seated back on her pony, it unexpectedly began bucking and she was thrown off again, but this time, the injury was more serious. Lucy’s mother Tracy Irving Henderson, 33, said: “Lucy went flying over the pony and banged the side of her head which knocked her unconscious.
A BRAVE young girl has got back on a pony after a riding accident in Bellingham, Northumberland, which resulted in her being airlifted.
On April 23, Lucy Henderson, 10, from Kielder Village, was riding her pony, Flash, but as it was about to jump, the pony stopped and threw her off.
Lucy hit the ground and hurt her ankle, so she unclipped her helmet and took off her boot to inspect the injury.
Her father, Matt Henderson, 34, picked her up and put her back on the pony, with the intention of leading the pony back in the stable and then looking at Lucy’s ankle.
When

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.28056
Retrieved Text: Film shoot #4 was AMAZING! Last night we had a Mexican feast and a couple of vodka cranberries as we set up to film an intimate interview with Tracy Squire.
Tracy has fabulous stories to tell about her life, many including her life among celebrities in the music industry. But, just last year, Tracy was diagnosed with stage four lymphoma cancer. She has a very positive outlook. In fact, she is one of the most vivacious people I've ever met. Such a great energy about her!
She was only given 6 months to live (12 weeks ago) and has made peace if it is indeed her time to pass on to the other side, but she is still fighting! Seth and Tracy shared a very personal and emotional conversation about Tracy's feelings on the verve of crossing over if that were to happen soon. Seth saw a beautiful angel standing behind Tracy and I'm not giving away any more details!!!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.81336
Retrieved Text: Dallas product liability lawyer Todd Tracy exposes the most common and deadly head on collision danger that most vehicles don’t protect against. Find out if you have an auto accident lawsuit for a safety defect by watching this video.
Hello. I’m Todd Tracy with the Tracy Law Firm at Dallas, Texas and I’m here today to talk about vehicle safety as it relates to a new phenomenon known as narrow frontal offset.
The narrow frontal offset on a vehicle deals with whenever 25 percent or less of the front structure is engaged. Now the reason this is important is because if you don’t engage at least 40 percent of your structure the way the vehicles are designed these days, none of your safety systems can perform properly.
For example, this is a 25 percent frontal offset and you will notice that the frame didn’t get engaged and there’s really no structure if you add any of the wheel well area here where your tire would normally be. What’s the consequence to the occupant when you experience a 25 percent frontal offset? In this particular accident, the airbag did not deploy.
A lot of times what we see happen when the airbag does deploy in a 25 percent frontal offset, if the airbag does deploy because of the way the structure shifts over, the airbag actually deploys but it protects the rearview mirror rather than protecting the driver or if it’s on the opposite side, protecting the right from a passenger.
Twenty-five percent narrow frontal offsets are the most dangerous impacts in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.072933
Retrieved Text: Our client injured her back while working for a large transportation company in Atlanta. She reported the injury, received medical treatment, and willingly returned to work in a light duty transitional program so she could receive her pre-injury pay, which vastly exceeded her workers’ compensation weekly pay. After one year of working in the light duty program, the employer ended the job and returned our client home. While our client’s workers’ compensation benefit payments were reinstated, the employer, without any explanation, later reduced our client’s benefit payments within a matter of weeks. In doing so, the employer advanced an unfounded, self-serving argument to support their position for the reduction of benefits. Our client knew something was suspicious, so she called Cummings & Middlebrooks for assistance.
It took two years of litigation and appeals to get our client the workers’ compensation benefit payments she deserved, but the time and dedication of firm partner Will Cummings paid off. Throughout the process, every single court agreed that the transportation company could not financially punish our client under the applicable statutory scheme for returning to work in a program the employer created, especially when, through no fault of our client, the light duty program only lasted one year. In the end, our client received the extra compensation she deserved, which allowed her to catch up on bills and move forward with her life. Congratulations to workers’ compensation attorney Will Cummings for a job well done!
They fought for me in court!
Our client, a 60-year old, developed a shoulder injury from repetitively using

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.67116
Retrieved Text: A passenger´s injury claim for a car crash in Antrim has been resolved following a hearing at the High Court in Belfast and an award of £464,655 compensation.
In July 2012, 29-year-old Rosie Sands was a passenger in a friend´s car travelling along the A57 near Doagh in County Antrim, when the car was involved in a head-on collision with an oncoming jeep and trailer driven by Stephen Hamilton.
Rosie´s friend – 21-year-old Michelle Hulford – was tragically killed in the accident, and the driver of the car and two further passengers were also injured. Rosie from Exmouth in Devon was taken to hospital with injuries to her back, abdomen and shoulder.
Rosie returned to Exmouth on her release from hospital, but suffered from flashbacks and nightmares that prevented her from completing her honours degree at Bath Spa University and competing in the British Sailing Championships.
She was subsequently diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and, after seeking legal advice, Rosie made an injury claim for the car crash in Antrim – seeking compensation for her personal injuries, her loss of earnings and the cost of her care and treatment.
The driver of the jeep admitted liability for causing the accident, and the injury claim for a car crash in Antrim proceeded to the High Court in Belfast for the assessment of damages, where it was heard by Mr Justice Adrian Colton.
At the hearing, Judge Colton heard how Rosie´s life had changed “irrevocably” due to the accident. Formerly a Gold Standard sailor, Rosie´s injuries now prevent her from competing competitively. She

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.402298
Retrieved Text: When Tracy Gerber recently fell at her Waukesha home and found herself wedged between a couch and ottoman, she thought it was strange that she couldn’t get up. She never imagined she was having a stroke. When her husband arrived home several hours later and helped her up, he saw that her left side was paralyzed and immediately called 911.
Doctors at Waukesha Memorial Hospital confirmed with a CT scan that Tracy was having a stroke. She was not eligible for the clot-busting drug tPA because it had been too long since her stroke had first begun.
Interventional radiologist Robert Lesniak, MD, performed mechanical thrombolysis on Tracy. It’s a minimally invasive procedure that involves inserting a long catheter into the carotid artery, threading it to the brain, removing the clot and restoring blood flow.
TOWN OF VERNON – Tracy Gerber remembers everything about Oct. 14.
She remembers working on her laptop, making herself lunch and sitting back down on the couch in her family room. Then she remembers falling out of the chair and being caught between a chair and her ottoman – and not being able to get up.
“I thought I didn’t have traction on the bottom of my slippers because they were slick,” Gerber said. When her husband, Jeff, came home four hours later and she was still stuck, and the left side of her face had begun to droop, the Gerbers realized something was wrong.
Tracy Gerber couldn’t believe it when the 911 dispatcher told her she had probably had a stroke. With no family history of illness

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.38048
Retrieved Text: There are many ways an individual can suffer a brain injury that, if not treated, could possibility advance to something more serious, as in the case of Natasha Richardson.
In 2009, actress Natasha Richardson suffered an injury accident while taking a skiing lesson. After the accident, Richardson seemed fine and was able to talk, walk and act normally. She was even able to give an interview after the accident, and appeared to be alright. Paramedics who responded to the accident were dismissed because it was felt at the time that they were not needed. Three hours after the accident, Richardson was admitted to the hospital complaining of severe headaches. Within seven hours after the head injury accident, Richardson was, medically speaking, in critical condition. Two days later, she died from her injuries. An autopsy revealed that cause of death was from an “epidural hematoma” as a result of the blunt head trauma she received during the skiing accident. Richardson had suffered from what is now referred to as the “talk and die” syndrome.
What is the “Talk and Die” Syndrome?
When an individual suffers from what appears to be a mild head trauma usually caused by an accident, in Richardson’s case, a skiing accident, the individual does not display any of the usual symptoms of a brain trauma such as unconsciousness, confusion slurred speech, headaches, etc. The victim seems to be fine immediately after the accident, but because of the bleeding into the brain, the injury worsens, and if not treated immediately, can result in death.
If after suffering an

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.344685
Retrieved Text: A University of Florida student struck in a hit-and-run accident in June has died, a Shands spokesman confirmed Thursday.
She taught herself to skateboard and loved to be outdoors. Friends said she once went on a retreat to Daytona Beach with her sorority — Theta Alpha — and woke up at 6 a.m. to go surfing.
Rebecca Harris, 20, died Wednesday night at Shands at the University of Florida, succumbing to injuries from a June 23 hit-and-run accident in which she was struck while crossing Southwest 16th Avenue on her bicycle.
Jessica Paige Becerra, a 22-year-old UF alumna, was arrested late last month in connection with the accident, and the State Attorney's Office said Thursday the charges will be upgraded as a result of Harris' death.
"I couldn't believe someone would leave sweet little Becca in the road," Harris' friend Emily Chancey said on Thursday. "She's the one person that doesn't deserve anything like that to happen to her. She doesn't deserve it. She's in a better place now, and I'm happy about that, but it's still just a horrible situation."
Friends flooded Harris' Facebook page with memories and condolences on Thursday. They described her as someone who loved to be active and was exceptionally outgoing.
"She was so awesomely awkward," Chancey said. "She embraced her awkwardness to the extreme."
Harris was going north in the crosswalk on her bicycle, when she was struck by a "white sedan-type vehicle," which didn't stop.
After the crash, Gainesville Police Lt. Bruce Giles said the car involved was found abandoned in an isolated area off Southwest 131st

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.17473
Retrieved Text: Perhaps the most frequent question I am asked by people making in personal injury claims in Florida is, “What should I say” to my doctors or to the defense lawyer about my alleged injury? And my answer has and will always be–“Just tell the truth?” I have seen on an almost daily basis clients trying to “help” maximize the value of their cases with their perceptions of what could or would make their case more valuable.
SHOULD I WORK AFTER AN ACCIDENT?
Should I work? Yes, if you can. Injury claimants seem to think a jury or adjuster might magically believe their cases are much more valuable if they miss time from work. However, after more than 20 years of standing in front of juries across the State of Florida, I believe no jury will award or reward plaintiffs for lost wages simply because they did not work-rather than could not work. Unless a doctor says “Don’t work” or the injury is so obviously significant that nobody could reasonably expect one could work with the injury, I encourage my clients to get back to their jobs–or at least try.
Juries, I have found, like to help those who cannot help themselves, but rarely reward those who are sitting at home waiting for a verdict. This is why I tell most of my clients to get up and try to get back to your normal life–whatever that may have been before the accident.
And this can be both true and false at the same time. It may be true, that the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.17142
Retrieved Text: If you have been injured as the result of the reckless behavior of another party, you have the right to consult a personal injury lawyer in Tracy or Livermore. It’s a good idea to ask if there are any documents you should bring to your first consultation with your lawyer. To perform a thorough case assessment, your lawyer will likely need to see your medical records. You’ll be asked to sign a medical release form. You can rest assured that your injury lawyer will keep your information in the strictest confidence. Your lawyer may also ask to see your insurance policy, and the police or accident report.
Your personal injury lawyer will ask you some questions about the incident. Provide all the details you can remember about what happened before, during, and after the accident. Using all of your information and relevant documents, your lawyer will weigh the strengths and weaknesses of the case. You’ll discuss whether there is merit to pursuing a lawsuit. If so, your lawyer will identify one or more defendants.
If you’ve been injured as a result of someone else’s actions, you can consult a personal injury lawyer near Tracy or Manteca to assess whether you may have the basis for a claim. A personal injury lawyer may file an intentional or negligent tort on your behalf. An intentional tort is filed when the defendant is accused of acting intentionally to cause your injuries, whereas a negligent tort involves injuries that arise from negligent acts. Of the different types of claims a personal injury

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.14085
Retrieved Text: Full Case Name: Diana E. BONNER v. Joseph MARTINO, Tamara Martino and USAA Insurance Co.
Plaintiff-housekeeper brought an action against her employers and their liability insurance providers after the employers' dog jumped up on a door that subsequently injured the plaintiff. In affirming the trial court's granting of defendants' motion for summary judgment, the appellate court held that housekeeper did not demonstrate that dog presented an unreasonable risk of harm.
*1 Plaintiff, Diane Bonner, appeals the grant of a summary judgment dismissing her claims against Joseph and Tamara Martino and their liability insurer, USAA Insurance Co. For the reasons that follow, we affirm the decision of the trial court.
Ms. Bonner was employed by Mr. and Mrs. Martino as a housekeeper. While she was working for them, the Martinos obtained, as a pet, a Doberman Pincher named Jerry. On August 10, 2001, Ms. Bonner arrived at the Martino house in the early evening. She entered the front door and went to the rear of the house where Linda Williams, also employed by the Martinos, was present. After speaking to Williams, Ms. Bonner opened the door to the back where Mrs. Martino was. The dog ran to the door, and jumped on it. The door went back and struck Ms. Bonner in the face, causing injury.
Bonner filed suit against Mr. and Mrs. Martino and USAA, alleging that the dog was unreasonably dangerous, and had caused her injuries. Defendants filed for summary judgment, arguing that the undisputed facts would not support a finding of unreasonable risk of harm, and would show

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.991272
Retrieved Text: How can I claim compensation for loss of sight? I was blinded by bleach when I collided with a stationary cleaning trolley in a shop.
Your mother would be eligible to claim compensation for loss of sight if it can be shown that the shop owner or manager was negligent and responsible for her injury. The shop owner has a duty of care towards their customers to provide them with a safe shopping environment and should it be breached in any way, leading to an accident, they can be named as the party to blame for the victim’s injury. However, this duty of care is not “absolute”, meaning that if the accident could not have been prevented by shop staff in a “reasonable” amount of time, they would not be deemed responsible for your mother’s injury.
A case like this can be distressing and overwhelming for the victim and your mother would be well advised to seek the assistance of an experienced solicitor with her compensation for loss of sight claim, to help in gathering evidence and assembling the necessary documents.
In general, some procedures are expected to have been carried out by the victim after the accident, such as collecting witness statements and reporting the accident in the shop’s Accident Report Book. However, it is likely that this would have been impossible in your mother’s case, and her solicitor would be able to complete these procedures on her behalf. Her solicitor could also access CCTV footage of the accident from the shop to further support your mother’s claim.
An

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.983307
Retrieved Text: Crashworthiness is the science of preventing or reducing the severity of injuries suffered in a car crash. This is accomplished through safety devices and technology, better materials used in car manufacturing, and improved car design. The crashworthiness of a car is evaluated using computer modeling, car testing, and post accident analysis.
Seat belts and airbags. These work together to restrain and protect the vehicle occupant from impacting the interior surfaces of the car during an accident.
Crumple zones. A crumple zone absorbs the energy of an impact and redirects its forces away from the car occupants.
Windshields and windows. Laminated windshields do not shatter and minimize glass injury to the front seat occupants. The other windows are made of tempered glass that does not shatter into sharp fragments.
Passenger survival space. The passenger space is surrounded by a cage of high strength materials. Anti-intrusion bars are also used to protect passengers from side impacts.
Steering column. The steering column is engineered to minimize the risk of driver impalement during an accident. On most cars, the steering column is protected by a crumple zone and is collapsible. The steering wheel airbag also serves to protect the driver from the steering column.
Reinforced roof. The vehicle’s roof must have sufficient strength to prevent its collapse during a rollover.
Fire reduction. The gas tank is designed and placed in a safe location within the car frame so that it will not catch on fire or explode in a collision.
While improvements in the crashworthiness of cars over the past several decades have saved many lives and prevented

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.779766
Retrieved Text: I was shocked to learn Tracy had passed after just speaking with her a few weeks earlier in Starbucks. Such admiration for her strength, drive, desire to live. So much emotion for her boys. When I see them I will remember the picture you have just posted of Tracy and her gorgeous smile.
We were shocked and saddened to hear of Tracy’s death. To Mac and Joan, her sisters and sons our deepest sympathies and prayers go out to you.
My deepest condolences to Tracy’s family and friends. While I did not know Tracy that well, I remember her fondly. Stay strong. RIP Tracy.
I was heartbroken to read of Tracy’s passing. Although I did not know her, I have followed her journey closely. Tracy and her entire family were truly an inspiration. My thoughts are with her boys and her family at this difficult time. Tracy touched many hearts and the world is a poorer place as a result of her loss.
I’m very sorry to hear of Tracy’s passing. So many lives were touched by her story and all of the Dort family and many others rallying around her in support. On behalf of my family, my deepest sympathies to her boys and the rest of her loved ones. God bless you and keep you in this difficult time.
I’m so sorry for your family’s great loss and would like to covey my condolences.
Tracy’s strength and positive energy will be greatly missed by all.
My condolences goes out to her family I met Tracey when I became one of her

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.777264
Retrieved Text: Questions remain about a vehicle that hit a Kansas Turnpike Authority paint crew truck this week after veering from one lane to another. The driver of the vehicle was killed when her car struck the paint truck.
The accident happened in broad daylight and it appears the driver first tried to avoid a construction crew who were working on the highway by changing lanes. After she changed from the left hand lane to the right hand lane, she then changed immediately back again after passing the crew. She then somehow hit the paint truck which was in the left hand lane and almost stationary. The driver of the paint truck was injured and was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment.
It appears that the driver, a 25 year old woman from Kansas City, was headed northbound to visit relatives as her car was found to be carrying packed bags. The driver of a semi truck saw the accident happen two vehicles in front of him, and stopped to render assistance. He said when he got to the driver and felt her pulse, she was already dead.
The injured driver of the paint truck was reported to be clutching his back after the accident and very distressed about the death of the young woman driver whose vehicle had hit him.
It is not known at this stage why the woman did not see the paint truck and take avoiding action like she had with the construction crew.
Accidents like the one described here happen all the time on U.S. roads. In

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.77425
Retrieved Text: There is an Awsome guy name George, he is very good at his instrument, especially his guitar, he start play it since 3 years old, not force to, he was born to be with misic, and he just love the freedom of floating in music.
Tracy,stop talking when he look up and saw that pairs of sapphire blue eyes infrount of her “I .. A..yeh , ah it okay ,I can take that bump” George say it very sloppy cause he is also stuns by the hazel green eyes she have there “do you need a hand for your stuff ?”Geoge ask very nicely. “I think I can take it myself, thank you” Tracy walked away left to find her room.
After the settlement and a night if rest ,it open day !!! She follow all others and go to the hugest Hall she ever been in her life and sit down with others ,the show beggin , there was a bang presenting at the stage ,the show were Awsome, Tracy felt in love with the music going on stage, she never knew the a group of student would capable of playing music such great than she reginise the guitar guy, it was the guy she bump in yesterday, she imidintly feel so embarrassing about it, but than the girls team show up, their dance steps are amazing and there she is! The perfect girl that stands out at the middle. Tracy just feel so great that she do not want to leave this place for first time

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.74681
Retrieved Text: In October, friends, family, and classmates mourned the death of a 17-year-old young woman. The young woman died a day after being hit by a car in Huntington Beach. She was truck by a 2006 Cadillac DTS. She was on her way to a bus stop when the Cadillac hit her.
A witness saw the 17-year-old and waited by her side for the police to arrive on the scene. After she was treated, she was transported to the hospital where she died from her injuries the next day.
Unfortunately, this Huntington Beach car accident and accidents like that one are not uncommon. It is necessary that those who walk or run constantly or regularly understand all of the risks that they face. Accidents like that one can happen, despite pedestrians taking caution and doing everything the right way. When a pedestrian is in a battle with an automobile, the automobile usually wins that battle.
These accidents are too common on the highways, roads, and interstates. When these accidents are investigated, it can be a bit puzzling and confusing because of the different opinions and the bias that occurs. Those who do survive being hit by an automobile can suffer significant and life-changing injuries. These injuries can result in financial strains on the person and the family. However, a person does have the right to obtain any damages from the person who was not being vigilant.
In order for both sides to remain safe, pedestrians and drivers have to understand their responsibilities and adhere to them. Taking extra precautions is essential,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.690865
Retrieved Text: The hundreds of thousands of motorcyclists in Georgia face a much higher rate of injury and death as compared to individuals traveling in cars. In fact, the likelihood of dying in a motorcycle accident is 27 times higher than the chance of being killed while traveling in a car. The increased risk faced by motorcyclists is no great surprise considering that motorcyclists are not protected by a steel frame like individuals riding in cars. In addition, motorcycles are smaller than and not always as visible to drivers as are other cars.
For motorcyclists, the added risk is one they accept in exchange for the freedom offered by riding a motorcycle. However, the fact that motorcycles are not as safe as cars does not change the fact that motorcyclists injured by negligent drivers can normally pursue claims against those responsible for their injuries. In fact, the injuries sustained are often very serious, extremely expensive, and at times, life-altering and permanently debilitating. At Montlick & Associates, we have decades of experience representing individuals injured while riding motorcycles in and around Albany, Georgia.
When a collision between a car and a motorcycle accident occurs, it is most often the result of negligence. Negligence occurs when a person does not act as a reasonably prudent person would under the circumstances. In the case of individuals operating vehicles on the road, a duty is owed to drive or ride reasonably in order to avoid causing an accident with other motorists or pedestrians.
A mere moment of carelessness can cause an accident.. For example, if

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.681633
Retrieved Text: Oregon’s roads can be treacherous in the fall and winter months. Whether you are driving along the overcast coast with its slick roads or in the mountains and high desert on snowy roads, Oregon’s roadway hazards are as high as its accident rates in the fall and winter. Reduced visibility and dangerous driving conditions are primarily to blame for the spike in auto accidents and auto accident injuries this time of year. Oregonian drivers need to be especially careful commuting and traveling during the colder months and their short days.
Dwyer Williams Cherkoss PC recently settled a personal injury claim stemming from a complicated multiple-vehicle car accident. This accident occurred on a day when it had been raining heavily. There were puddles of water all over on the roadway where this accident occurred. A man driving an east-bound vehicle lost control of his car after skidding in the standing water. He rolled several times before his car came to rest in the westbound lane, blocking traffic in that direction. At the same time as the driver of an east-bound motor home stopped to ask the first driver if he needed assistance, a third driver came around a bend in the road, saw the blocked lanes, and quickly swerved in an attempt to avoid hitting either of these vehicles. Despite swerving, this third driver was unable to completely avoid the collision. She drove into the side of the motor home before her pickup truck came to rest in the opposite lane of traffic. She was sitting in her

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.66469
Retrieved Text: Even though cars in parking lots typically travel at low speeds, car accidents occur quite frequently in parking lots. This is due to the fact that although cars are typically driving slowly, parking lots are full of activity. There are usually pedestrians walking through parking lots. They walk behind cars, in front of cars and in between cars. In some cases there are shopping carts in parking lots that are not always corralled. Cars in parking lots often back up and have to maneuver in small spaces. The result of so much activity in a small area leads to accidents. Even at slow speeds such accidents can cause both significant property damage and serious injuries. A victim of such a parking lot car accident may suffer a serious injury such as a brain injury, contusions, broken bones, internal injuries, amputations, paralysis, or spinal cord injury. However, New York law gives victims of car accidents as well as victims of other types of personal injury such as medical malpractice the right to seek compensation for their losses. If you are in need of a New York Injury Lawyer because you or a family member was injured in a parking lot accident caused by another person's negligence, it is important to contact an experienced Queens Parking Lot Accidents Lawyer who will help ensure that the person responsible for your losses is held accountable.
Pedestrian accidents. Some parking lot accidents involve a vehicle hitting a pedestrian. When a pedestrian is struck by vehicle, even if the vehicle is moving at

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.56436
Retrieved Text: On behalf of Joel L. Katz, L.L.C. posted in motor vehicle accidents on Wednesday, May 31, 2017.
A three-day holiday weekend is often a cause for celebration. The reprieve from work for one additional day seems to put even the most disgruntled employees in a chipper mood. But as with any social festivities, caution should be taken when heading out on Maryland roads. The number of auto accidents increase when more people are out, young drivers take to the road and alcohol is thrown into the mix. Six local teens and their families are reeling after a recent head-on collision sent the teenagers to the hospital.
On behalf of Joel L. Katz, L.L.C. posted in Workplace Accidents on Wednesday, May 31, 2017.
On-the-job and worksite safety has made vast improvements over the last 10 years, especially in Maryland. Company owners and investors have spent millions of dollars on trainings for both employees and supervisors to help keep the workplace accident and injury free. But even with the most rigorous training and stringent guidelines and procedures, workplace accidents can and will happen. A company in another state has recently been fined for safety violations after an employee was fatally injured at the end of 2016.
On behalf of Joel L. Katz, L.L.C. posted in personal injury on Thursday, May 25, 2017.
A woman is suing a gas station after contracting botulism. She claims that her symptoms started after she consumed tortilla chips and the store's own nacho cheese sauce. She and her partner believe that the cheese sauce was contaminated, causing her

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.5258
Retrieved Text: When accidents happen, we recommend finding a qualified personal injury lawyer in Key Colony Beach to help you file the case and sort out the issue fast. Hiring the right personal injury attorney in Key Colony Beach, FL can spell the difference between getting maximum compensation and absolutely nothing out of your troubles. In dealing with personal injury cases, time is of the essence because of the required medical evidence you need to submit to the court. There are specific cases that may involve insurance coverage, employment, injury laws and violations that the attorney must consider in order to build a strong case against the other party.
Our car accident lawyers have a wide experience in making sure the rights of our clients are well protected. There were over 32,000 crashes in 2015 classified as bike accident, boating accident, aviation accident, bus accident, and other motor vehicle mishaps, according to a report from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. Any car accident lawyer in Key Colony Beach worth his salt always wants to avoid trial because of the hassle involved, not to mention that there is no guarantee that you will win. Using our lengthy experience in legal court plus our dedication to helping victims seek justice, we have gained the trust of many customers in the city. Personal injury typically does not involve a criminal aspect. You don’t want that to happen to you because you will end up shouldering all the cost of repair not just of your own vehicle but the other party, as

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.426422
Retrieved Text: Accidents can happen anywhere, no matter how careful you are. Slips, falls, and car crashes can’t always be prevented, leaving you injured with no way to pay your hospital bills.
At The Jordan Insurance Agency, we care about both your physical and financial well-being, which is why we’ll always help you find the right fit for your needs. Rather than facing the challenges that come with injury alone, we can offer you a customized approach to insurance coverage.
Whether you throw out your back while shoveling snow or break something while enjoying a jog, accidents can happen to everyone. Instead of paying the price out of pocket, a supplemental policy can provide the benefits you need.
Accident insurance is available to everyone without a medical exam, providing an extra element of coverage. If you work a physical job, are involved in athletics, or enjoy potentially hazardous leisure activities, like rock climbing or hiking, an accident policy can keep you covered should an event not go as planned. With benefits for dismemberment and death automatically included, you can go through life knowing you’re always protected.
When your health insurance won’t deliver, supplemental accident insurance can. Deductibles are generally very low, averaging around $250, with coverage amounts up to $15,000.
Whether you have unforeseen medical expenses, time out of work due to your accident, or are disabled as a result, your supplemental coverage will carry you through. With the ability to cover expenses like your health insurance deductible, co-payments, and amounts that exceed traditional coverage amounts, your insurance policy will always have your

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.404972
Retrieved Text: Motorcycles are just one of the many types of vehicles that use our roadways. Like every other type of vehicle, motorcycles have specific accident risks. According to the Insurance Information Institute (III), 4,976 people died in motorcycle accidents on American roadways in 2015. That year, there were 8.6 million motorcycles on the road, and motorcyclists were 29 times more likely to die in accidents per mile traveled than motorists and car passengers. They were also five times more likely than motorists and their passengers to be injured in collisions.
These statistics do not mean that a motorcycle accident is dangerous only for the motorcyclist. Motorcycle accidents are dangerous for all parties involved, and depending on the speed and location of the collision, each party can suffer severe, even life-threatening, injuries. When a motorcycle accident victim suffers this type of injury and faces financial expenses as a result, he or she can seek compensation for these damages through a personal injury claim.
In many cases, the same issues that cause car accidents also cause motorcycle accidents. One of these is vehicle malfunction. When a motorcycle malfunctions, either due to a brake failure or an issue with its starter or safety features, a collision can occur. When this happens, the motorcycle’s manufacturer or seller can be liable for the victim’s damages. In cases where a malfunction is the result of poor owner maintenance, including failure to replace or repair a recalled part, the motorcycle’s owner may be considered the negligent party.
If the error of another driver caused your crash and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.352768
Retrieved Text: People on bicycles are naturally vulnerable on Massachusetts roads. Even when a bicycle rider wears a helmet, only his or her head is protected while leaving the rest of the body exposed. When a cyclist is knocked down by a truck, it is not uncommon for a serious injury -- or worse -- to result.
A group of construction workers at Symphony Hall on Massachusetts Avenue recently witnessed a woman on a bicycle being knocked down by a large truck carrying logs. The truck driver reportedly failed to notice the cyclist when the vehicle made a wide right turn onto Massachusetts Avenue. The truck ran over the bicycle, and the woman was pulled in by the truck’s rear tire.
Bystanders reportedly rushed to assist the girl, who appeared to have severe injuries to her leg, while they waited for emergency personnel and the police to arrive. The injured victim was taken to Boston Medical Center, where she apparently underwent surgery to her leg. The driver of the truck was said to have remained at the accident scene and spoke to authorities. The police did not issue any citation at that time.
Massachusetts residents who have suffered a serious injury in an accident that was caused by the negligence of another party have the legal right to pursue a claim for recovery of damages incurred. An accident such as the one described above could bring about high medical bills, along with an extended period of absence from work. Victims may file a personal injury claim in a civil court, naming

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.348003
Retrieved Text: As a pediatrician at Golden Gate Pediatrics in San Francisco and a mother of two active young children, Tracy is no stranger to diagnosing injuries. She called her husband to come to her aid. “I didn’t develop any symptoms of a serious head injury, so I knew I did not need emergency care and decided to just rest,” said Tracy. A few weeks later, she attempted to run again but had serious pain in her left knee. Tracy reached out to Dr. Michael Dillingham, a surgeon friend, for advice.
Dr. Dillingham is one of the founders of Sports Orthopedic & Rehabilitation Medicine Associates, a practice with 15 physicians and offices in San Francisco, Redwood City, and San Jose. The practice has worked with many patients with knee injuries. “In Tracy’s case, we knew an MRI was the first step in assessing her injury,” Dr. Dillingham said.
The MRI revealed Tracy had a defect in her knee articular cartilage that was causing pain and serious swelling. Cartilage is the tissue that provides a cushion for the pressure we put on our knee when walking, running or jumping. Unlike other tissues, knee cartilage does not repair itself. Most cartilage injuries will get worse over time. Dr. Dillingham first suggested a procedure to remove any free debris from the knee as a result of the injury and then to take a small biopsy of the healthy cartilage from an area of the knee that does not bare any weight. He suggested a procedure recently approved by the FDA called MACI.
Tracy had

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.342815
Retrieved Text: A new High Court judgment means cyclists who don’t wear helmets can be guilty of contributory negligence if they are injured in a road accident in the UK.
Considering a case where a cyclist and motorcyclist collided (Smith v Finch 2009), Mr Justice Griffith Williams ruled that the cyclist could have been found partly liable if wearing a helmet would have prevented or reduced his or her injuries.
In this particular case, it was accepted that a helmet would not have protected the cyclist, Robert Smith, because of the speed at which he hit the ground.
But Richard Brooks from law firm Withy King told BikeRadar that this ruling means that if you are injured and a cycle helmet could have reduced your injuries, you may not be able to recover full compensation.
Cyclists who “expose themselves to a greater degree of injury” by not wearing a helmet can now be found to be negligent, even though it is not a legal requirement in the UK to wear head protection when cycling. However, for this to happen it would have to be proved – using medical and other evidence – that a helmet would have prevented all of their injuries or made them a good deal less severe.
In this case, Mr Smith, who was 51 at the time, was involved in a collision with a Yahama 600cc motorcycle in Brightlingsea, Essex, while on his way to an amateur operatics rehearsal in June 2005. He wasn’t wearing a helmet and suffered serious head injuries, leaving him with no recollection of the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.272694
Retrieved Text: Sabrina wants to know where she and Michael stand, but he can&apos;t forgive her for all the lies. Sabrina asks if he can get past this to raise her child with her, but Michael isn&apos;t interested.
Paul&apos;s surprised to find his belongings packed and ready to go. Paul swears he made a big mistake, but Tracy&apos;s not interested in apologies. Paul asks for a second chance. Tracy mentions how he could lose his job for sleeping with Ava, but that she won&apos;t tell his secret. Tracy orders him out.
Robin&apos;s home and briefly reuniting with Mac before Sam shows up. Robin thanks Sam for being there for Emma before leaving Sam and Patrick alone. Patrick explains to Sam what happened with Robin and feels that there is hope for them. He asks about Jason, but Sam says she&apos;s just glad Jason has all the information and there are no expectations. The two say goodbye to their relationship.
Nikolas wakes up from his surgery. Hayden tells him that Jason pushed him off the balcony. Liz interrupts to beg Nik to tell the police that it was an accident. Hayden wants Nik to see it differently. Liz claims she wants everything to be over so that no one else gets hurt.
Spinelli runs into Jason and complains about Liz&apos;s evil lies and wonders what will now happen with Sam. Jason says he has no memory of his time with Sam. Jason&apos;s concerned about the man he was, but Spin calls him a friend. He says Jason was a killer to protect Sonny.
Mac

================



======= Instance Index 40 =========
Input Text: Context: Quinn was about to die when the doctor provided professional treatment.

Question: What will happen to Quinn?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: end up dying

B: get better

C: be nervous

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.910774
Retrieved Text: NEW non-invasive fat-freezing treatment to tackle stubborn pockets of fat for a leaner body shape.
The procedures that we perform are medical in nature. We are not a beauty salon. Whilst rejuvenating and beautifying, we aim to provide the highest standards of medical care.
From anti-wrinkle injections or dermal fillers to advanced laser procedures, our friendly, professional and experienced team carry out a wide range of effective skin treatments.
The NEW non-invasive fat-freezing treatment to tackle stubborn pockets of fat for a leaner body shape.
Approved by our new improved abs!
Popular wrinkle relaxing injections, dermal fillers and lip enhancement, carried out by skilled and experienced doctors for your peace of mind.
Quinn Clinics offer the very latest laser technology for a wide range of skin conditions, as well as popular laser hair removal with the Lumenis ‘better than IPL’ system.
These treatments work to boost the complexion and skin from within, stimulating the skin’s own healing and renewal for fresher, clearer and healthier skin.
As well as cosmetic and anti-ageing treatments, we have the latest techniques for tackling difficult and potentially embarrassing issues.
Established in 2006, Quinn Clinics is an independent Doctor-led cosmetic and medical treatments clinic, now located in the Redland area of Bristol.
We now offer evening (until 8pm) and weekend (Saturday) appointments. These are popular slots and booking is essential – please call or contact us via the website.
Consistently excellent customer service. High satisfaction ratings and excellent reviews from our clients.
At Quinn Clinics we provide a full range of non-surgical anti-ageing and cosmetic treatments for the face and body.
Dr Quinn has performed

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.614584
Retrieved Text: Bold and the Beautiful (B&B) spoilers tease big drama is ahead for the CBS daytime drama. Nicole Avant (Reign Edwards) begins to regret her decision to carry Maya Avant’s (Karla Mosley) child. Katie Logan (Heather Tom) will see her doctor for treatment for her anger issues towards Brooke Logan (Katherine Kelly Lang) and Bill Spencer (Don Diamont). Quinn Fuller (Rena Sofer) takes her scheme to new heights when she brings Deacon Sharpe (Sean Kanan) in a scheme that could land them both in the slammer if someone figures out the plan. It’s looking like an action-packed week–one that you won’t want to miss.
On Friday, February 26, Zende Forrester (Rome Flynn) broke up with Nicole. It broke Nicole’s heart as she dealt with his decision to end their relationship. What made the split so difficult, the relationship ended not because they didn’t care for each other, but rather he couldn’t get past his own insecurities about her carrying Rick Forrester’s (Jacob Young) child. As you can imagine, Nicole was devastated when Zende broke up with her. However, she understood his reasons, and they parted on good terms.
Bold and the Beautiful spoilers tease that Nicole will start to question why she agreed to surrogacy after all. In her eyes, it feels like she is sacrificing her whole life to give Maya a child. At first, Nicole begins to second guess her choice until she realizes that this child will be bound her for life to Maya–and that’s more important than any man in her life.
The Bold and the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.407734
Retrieved Text: Influenza (the flu) is a virus that causes a contagious respiratory illness. Each year approximately 200,000 people in the U.S. are hospitalized because of the illness and 36,000 persons die.
Everyone is at risk for influenza. Those most adversely affected include older people, young children, pregnant women and those with chronic debilitating illnesses.
The best treatment is prevention. This can be accomplished by avoiding sick friends and relatives, frequently washing your hands, staying home from work or school if you are ill, and getting vaccinated with the seasonal flu vaccine when it becomes available. Specific treatment is usually geared toward easing the symptoms. Anti-virals such as Tamiflu or Relenza may be helpful if started within a 48-72 hour window.
Emergency Warning Signs: When should I see a doctor?
See a doctor if you are unable to keep liquids down or if you develop any issues with your breathing. One of the more common complications of the flu is bacterial pneumonia which can be very serious.
Flu vaccinations and Influenza treatment are available seasonably at Well-Key Urgent Care.
Disclaimer: The links above are to sites independent of Wellkeyhealth.com. The pages will open in a new browser window. The information provided is for educational purposes only, and is not a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. If you have or suspect you may have a health problem, you should consult your doctor. Always follow your doctor’s recommendations regarding your specific medical questions, treatments, therapies, and other needs.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.339624
Retrieved Text: You can not go wrong with Dr. Quinn & his staff. They are truly amazing!
When I first started this process I was referred to Dr. Quinn and another plastic surgeon. After visiting with the other PS, Dr. Quinn was a blessing. I feel that I was so lucky to have him as my doctor. I am not a Victoria Secret Model, but still wanted to have nicer breast. Dr. Quinn and everyone else in the office were amazing. Every single person made me feel special. They truly are all wonderful people. It was the absolute best experience I have ever had with a medical professional. I would go through both procedures all over again. I had a breast lift in Sept. and then breast augmentation in Dec of 2017. Dr. Quinn was very honest as to what he could do and what I could expect. I expected the worse for pain and hoped for the best, but had virtually no pain at all. I followed all things that Dr. Quinn expected of me and I feel that I have wonderful results. I never felt like I was a bother to anyone. If I had any questions they always got back to me very quickly. In my opinion if you are looking for a PS then you cannot go wrong with Dr. Quinn & his staff. They are truly amazing!
P.S. – My husband even liked Dr. Quinn & his staff. He went with me to most of my follow-ups.
Dr. Quinn and his office staff were outstanding. I

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.154594
Retrieved Text: At Forrester Creations curiosity and suspicion grows over Ivy’s accident. Nicole tells Maya and Zende that it is strange how no one is saying how this accident happened.
At the hospital, after confronting Steffy about her involvement in Ivy’s accident a frustrated Liam asks Steffy if it ever occurred to Steffy to just walk away. But Steffy tells him she couldn’t do that; she was looking after the electrical panel.
Later, sitting by Ivy’s bedside, a remorseful Steffy tells and unconscious Ivy that she is sorry.
Wyatt tells (Thomas?) that he cleans up just as well as he does.
Liam asks Steffy not to shut him out. Steffy says whatever she says, people will blame her. Liam won’t let them if she can tell him that she had nothing to do with Ivy being in that hospital bed.
Steffy isn’t up for an interrogation. She doesn’t want him to start the blame. Liam is just trying to figure out what is going on because she is the only witness.
The doctor arrives and they go back into Ivy’s room to get Wyatt and Thomas. The doctor brings them all outside to tell them the news. He doesn’t know Ivy’s level of awareness and this news isn’t for her. Right now.
The doctor says the cardiologist, neurologist and he have had an opportunity to review Ivy’s scans. There are no broken bones. Until Ivy is awake and talking they can’t know the long term consequences of her accident.
Steffy goes into Ivy’s room, where she is alone with Ivy. She talks to her. Steffy tells

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.61455
Retrieved Text: We are grateful for and proud of the relationships we have established with our patients. Below are some kind words expressed to us by a number of patients over the years.
"I had the opportunity to spend 2 months working with Quinn as a student intern prior to graduation. Quinn is a very skilled therapist who makes quality care for every patient that comes into the office his top priority. He is very personable and is able to find some way to connect with each patient he sees - even his goofy jokes get a good laugh from most! The staff is also very efficient, friendly, and encouraging.
Quinn pushes himself to be his best and that was no different with me. To say that I was never frustrated or discouraged would be a lie, however now that I am a practicing therapist myself I am very grateful for Quinn's strong guidance and encouragement. I have already been able to make a difference with patients who I otherwise would not have been as successful with due to the time I spent learning from Quinn. He is dedicated to not only his own development but the development of the profession, as evidenced by the effort he put into my clinical education.
In the current health care debate and climate, Quinn and the staff at Swanson McArthur Physical Therapy fit the model of efficient, effective, patient-centered care.
Thanks Quinn, I really do appreciate all your help and guidance. I wish it was easier to bounce things off you; something you miss when

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.861929
Retrieved Text: As an interventional cardiologist, I am trained to treat the entire spectrum of heart disorders. I perform procedures to open blocked arteries in the heart. These often involve advancing a catheter (tube) from the wrist up to the heart and using balloons, stents and other devices to open up the arteries. I enjoy caring for heart attack patients during the emergency and afterwards, especially through the years of follow-up.
I believe that for our patients, information is power. I educate my patients on their conditions, treatment options and what the future will hold. I have been told that I’m a very good listener, and I encourage my patients to ask questions. I want to hear my patients’ stories and treat them the way I would want my own family to be treated.
My favorite part about working at Ohio State is collaborating with wonderful colleagues who I can consult with to provide the best patient outcomes, and brilliant researchers who are continuously improving the treatments we provide for our heart patients. I also love being part of an academic environment where I’m able to satisfy my passion for teaching young doctors.
When I’m not working I enjoy cycling, listening to music and spending time with my family.
Excellent care. Showed concern for issues raised and presented reasonable recommendations & solutions.
Dr. Quinn is a wonderful doctor I am very pleased to him for my doctor.
Dr. Capers was also very professional. (Appearance, attitude, and knowledge met my expectation. I would describe my experience as being very positive.
Listen and explained what & why.
As

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.342001
Retrieved Text: The content of Health.MD is provided for educational purposes only and does not constitute medical advice. Content refers to articles, pictures, links and other information within the web site. This content is not meant as a substitute for professional medical/dental advice, diagnosis, or treatment. If you have questions or seek advice about a medical/dental condition, always seek out an appropriate doctor, dentist, or health care provider. If you have an emergency, call a doctor/dentist or 911 immediately.
Health.MD cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided within the content of the web site and the information is provided without any warranty or guarantee of any kind. Never disregard professional medical/dental advice and treatment or delay in seeking it because of the content on this web site. Information provided should not be used for diagnostic or training purposes.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.974
Retrieved Text: 33-year-old Aida* has two sons, aged six and 10. She was diagnosed with multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) in 2016. After four months of in hospital, Aida was released to outpatient care, but the side-effects of her treatment made taking public transport each day deeply challenging. As an alternative, Aida was offered video-observed treatment to help her continue her treatment without the necessity of daily visits to the MSF clinic. On 28 November 2018, after nearly two years of battling with MDR-TB, Aida was told she was cured.
“I had many side-effects from my MDR-TB treatment. I felt like my body was rejecting the medication. I had headaches, stomach aches, vomiting. When I was put on outpatient care it was really hard for me to go to the directly-observed treatment (DOT)** corner every day by public transport to get my medication.
Sometimes after leaving the DOT corner I would feel dizzy on public transport; I didn’t recognise people and would lose my sense of direction. There were times when I would miss my stop and wouldn’t know where I was. I was losing my mind. I wouldn’t even recognise my own home.
So I decided to stop the treatment. I told my doctor that I could not do this anymore; I couldn’t go through this every day. I said, I’d rather die at home peacefully, than die on public transport. The doctor asked me if I would like to start video-supported treatment instead and I agreed.
MSF gave me a smartphone that had the WhatsApp messaging app installed on it. The

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.92224
Retrieved Text: There was a Save the Children conference in London yesterday for bloggers and vloggers. I didn’t attend but wanted to be a part of the campaign to get more health workers for the poorest countries.
There’s to be a conference on September 20th and we need to petition David Cameron to help stop more children from dying through lack of health care workers.
Taken from Mummy from the Heart….
So first off – Let’s all sign the petition, 30 seconds work and a step closer.
My wonderful health professional is a doctor who looked after me when I got deep vein thrombosis and multiple pulmonary embolism about 2 and a half years ago.
I’d felt ill all day and had a pain in my leg which made walking very difficult. Around tea time, I started having difficulty breathing and NHS direct told my husband to take me to hospital.
The doctor, whose name (I think) was Dr Wood, was so lovely. I thought I was going to die. I could hardly breathe and all I could think of was how unfair it was to leave Ant with more children to raise on his own, when he’d already gone through it with his first wife dying young and leaving him with 6 children.
Dr Wood kept me calm, stopped me from panicking and was my saviour. I know it sounds dramatic but I felt like I owed him my life and I’ll forever be grateful to him for his treatment of me that night, not only for his vital medical treatment but for treating

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.812431
Retrieved Text: Ice as unyielding as concrete. Razor-sharp blades whizzing past with abandon. Slap-shot pucks flying through the air. Boards dented and dinged from bodies slammed hard into them during every game. Ice hockey and hemophilia are not a good match. But for David Quinn, an ice hockey rink is where he feels most at ease. On one hand, this is no surprise. Quinn, 52, is the new head coach of the New York Rangers, one of the National Hockey League’s most storied franchises. On the other hand, it’s a bit startling, because the rookie NHL head coach and former hockey player has hemophilia B.
On a steamy August afternoon a few weeks before the Rangers began preseason training for the 2018-19 season, Quinn was still moving into his office at the team’s practice facility in Tarrytown, New York, just north of New York City. Tables were stacked with plaques and awards, accolades from a nearly 25-year coaching career.
Before coaching, Quinn was a lauded player, a tough and skilled defenseman. He won hockey scholarships to a prestigious prep school and to Boston University, was a first-round NHL draft pick and had a realistic shot at the 1988 Olympics. Needless to say, this is not the expected athletic resume of someone with mild hemophilia B. But that’s because Quinn wasn’t diagnosed until he was 20, when his college team doctor noticed his internal injuries were blood-related and suggested Quinn be tested for hemophilia.
During an interview at the Rangers practice center, Quinn is persistently modest. He often starts sentences with the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.550913
Retrieved Text: What Is Comprehensive Care? Comprehensive care is a hemophilia health care system that uses an experienced team to provide the best possible care for a person with a bleeding disorder and his or her family. The team consists of professionals from several disciplines who partner with patients and families to design an individualized care plan that coordinates the complex medical services required to manage the disorder.
In addition, comprehensive care Hemophilia Treatment Centers (HTCs) provide services to meet all of the needs—physical, psychosocial, and educational—common to patients with bleeding disorders. Care is provided regardless of race, religion, culture, or ability to pay.
The reach of comprehensive care expands into the community. Comprehensive care teams work with schools, health insurance companies, and employers to help affected children stay in school, to maintain patient access to care, and to help adults gain and maintain employment.
For more information, click on UDC.
What Is the Track Record of Comprehensive Care? Since first established in 1975, Hemophilia Treatment Centers (HTCs) have provided excellence in care. The comprehensive care model has a proven record of improving health and reducing costs by lowering rates of unemployment, emergency department visits, hospital stays, and illness-related time off from work and school. A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) study found that the rate of hospital stays for bleeding-related events among patients seen in HTCs was 40% lower than the rates for patients seen in other care facilities. Patients seen in HTCs are 40% less likely than those seen elsewhere to die of a hemophilia-related complication.
What Happens at

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.54859
Retrieved Text: The complexity of medical malpractice cases makes it essential to have a lawyer on your side. Proving that a health care professional provided sub-standard care is a difficult proposition, and most states have placed a number of procedural hoops in the path of medical malpractice plaintiffs, in an effort to discourage the filing of frivolous claims. A medical malpractice attorney will have the experience to navigate these requirements and get on to building your best case. But how do you go about choosing the Best Lawyers in Bayshore, Florida that is the best fit?
These are just some of the ways that a medical malpractice attorney may help protect your rights and recover damages. To prove that you experienced medical malpractice, your lawyer in Bayshore will file the paperwork, interview expert witnesses, and gather the evidence to build your case. Your medical malpractice attorney will try to get you compensation for lost wages, medical bills, and pain and suffering by filing suit against the doctor, nurse, hospital, or healthcare provider who was negligent in your treatment.
Do you think you have a Bayshore malpractice case? Are you concerned about the treatment you received in a hospital, from a doctor, or another medical professional? Do You feel worse now than before you got treatment?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.519268
Retrieved Text: The complexity of medical malpractice cases makes it essential to have a lawyer on your side. Proving that a health care professional provided sub-standard care is a difficult proposition, and most states have placed a number of procedural hoops in the path of medical malpractice plaintiffs, in an effort to discourage the filing of frivolous claims. A medical malpractice attorney will have the experience to navigate these requirements and get on to building your best case. But how do you go about choosing the Best Lawyers in Medley, Florida that is the best fit?
These are just some of the ways that a medical malpractice attorney may help protect your rights and recover damages. To prove that you experienced medical malpractice, your lawyer in Medley will file the paperwork, interview expert witnesses, and gather the evidence to build your case. Your medical malpractice attorney will try to get you compensation for lost wages, medical bills, and pain and suffering by filing suit against the doctor, nurse, hospital, or healthcare provider who was negligent in your treatment.
Do you think you have a Medley malpractice case? Are you concerned about the treatment you received in a hospital, from a doctor, or another medical professional? Do You feel worse now than before you got treatment?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.327055
Retrieved Text: General practitioners are often patients’ first port of call when they have a medical problem. General practitioners are involved in the treatment of a broad variety of conditions and concerns as a result. The centrality of general practitioners in the treatment of such a wide variety of everyday medical concerns means that there are also a wide variety of errors that can occur in a patient’s treatment with a general practitioner which can result in successful medical negligence claims.
failure to act on abnormal pathology or radiology results.
A key aspect of proving a medical negligence claim against a general practitioner is establishing that the treatment provided by the general practitioner did not accord with peer professional opinion at the time treatment was administered. That is, that the general practitioner did not provide care which would have been widely accepted by other general practitioners at the time the treatment was provided as reasonably competent. A patient who can show that they have suffered an injury because of a general practitioner’s failure to provide care which was in accordance with peer professional opinion can bring a claim against the general practitioner for damages.
If you have suffered an injury, loss or damage as a result of the medical negligence provided by a doctor or general practitioner you may be entitled to a claim for damages.
A poor outcome resulting from your treatment does not in itself establish an entitlement to claim. What needs to be proven is that your treatment was provided in a negligent manner and that the treatment provider

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.319294
Retrieved Text: Doctors at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP) discovered the tumor after Quinn became increasingly lethargic after starting kindergarten. Next came headaches and a stiff neck. “I was on the phone with our doctor probably every other day,” says Janile.
When the little girl began having balance issues and nearly falling over, her parents quickly took her to nearby Virtua Memorial in Mount Holly, NJ, where CHOP physicians and nurses treat young patients as part of an alliance between the two hospitals. Clinicians performed a CT scan on Quinn. “They told us that she has a mass in her brain, and that they already called for transport to CHOP’s Main Hospital,” Janile recalls.
The trauma of inpatient stay, two surgeries, radiation and chemotherapy took a clear emotional toll on the little girl. On top of her new self-doubts, Quinn was adverse to treatment. “Every day she said, ‘Why do we have to be here?” her mom says.
Quinn began having anxiety attacks. Her mother made appointments with a psychologist at the CHOP Care Network Specialty Care & Surgery Center in Voorhees, NJ, where Quinn was already receiving physical and occupational therapy. Then Janile remembered something that might help her daughter: During Quinn’s few weeks of kindergarten, she had participated in morning yoga — and enjoyed it.
In 2016, CHOP established its Integrative Health Program, an expanding initiative that will eventually include therapies and practices such as meditation, yoga, acupuncture, Reiki, aromatherapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, nutrition and diet to complement a patient’s care plan. After a few inquiries, Janile was connected to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.187088
Retrieved Text: The complexity of medical malpractice cases makes it essential to have a lawyer on your side. Proving that a health care professional provided sub-standard care is a difficult proposition, and most states have placed a number of procedural hoops in the path of medical malpractice plaintiffs, in an effort to discourage the filing of frivolous claims. A medical malpractice attorney will have the experience to navigate these requirements and get on to building your best case. But how do you go about choosing the Best Lawyers in Magic City Trailer Park, Florida that is the best fit?
These are just some of the ways that a medical malpractice attorney may help protect your rights and recover damages. To prove that you experienced medical malpractice, your lawyer in Magic City Trailer Park will file the paperwork, interview expert witnesses, and gather the evidence to build your case. Your medical malpractice attorney will try to get you compensation for lost wages, medical bills, and pain and suffering by filing suit against the doctor, nurse, hospital, or healthcare provider who was negligent in your treatment.
Do you think you have a Magic City Trailer Park malpractice case? Are you concerned about the treatment you received in a hospital, from a doctor, or another medical professional? Do You feel worse now than before you got treatment?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.175552
Retrieved Text: The complexity of medical malpractice cases makes it essential to have a lawyer on your side. Proving that a health care professional provided sub-standard care is a difficult proposition, and most states have placed a number of procedural hoops in the path of medical malpractice plaintiffs, in an effort to discourage the filing of frivolous claims. A medical malpractice attorney will have the experience to navigate these requirements and get on to building your best case. But how do you go about choosing the Best Lawyers in Miami Heights Trailer Park, Florida that is the best fit?
These are just some of the ways that a medical malpractice attorney may help protect your rights and recover damages. To prove that you experienced medical malpractice, your lawyer in Miami Heights Trailer Park will file the paperwork, interview expert witnesses, and gather the evidence to build your case. Your medical malpractice attorney will try to get you compensation for lost wages, medical bills, and pain and suffering by filing suit against the doctor, nurse, hospital, or healthcare provider who was negligent in your treatment.
Do you think you have a Miami Heights Trailer Park malpractice case? Are you concerned about the treatment you received in a hospital, from a doctor, or another medical professional? Do You feel worse now than before you got treatment?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.954336
Retrieved Text: The State of Iowa, with the help of the Iowa Department of Public Health and certain local medical centers, passed a new law which is applicable to every person. Despite the law’s significance and relevance to humankind, I find in my practice that very few people know about it. The law, known as the Iowa Physician Orders for Scope of Treatment (“IPOST”), is a two-page document which permits a person to communicate his or her preference for significant life-sustaining treatments like resuscitation (when the patient has no pulse and is not breathing), general scope of treatment (comfort measures only, limited interventions, or full treatment), and artificial nutrition.
The availability of IPOST is significant given that modern healthcare makes it difficult to guarantee a person’s end-of-life treatment choices are honored from one health care center to another. This is an area that has gained national attention as of late, especially with a few states passing the controversial Death With Dignity Act, which takes end-of-life treatment options to another level and allows terminally ill patients to choose when and how they will die. IPOST is not nearly as extreme as other states’ Death With Dignity Acts. Under current state law, Iowa patients cannot choose how or when to die, but they can utilize IPOST to control how they will be cared for under certain circumstances.
In my practice, I have seen numerous instances where IPOST would be beneficial for people who do not want to be resuscitated if they have no pulse and stop breathing. Several clients have a living

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.880465
Retrieved Text: Doctors are increasingly discovering that using social media, both via public platforms and closed forums, is a powerful tool to develop a professional presence, share information and network with colleagues. While new technology can open up opportunities to engage, educate and inform, it is important also to recognise that doctors’ legal and professional obligations apply equally online.
The aim of this article is to raise awareness of and share information about legal and professional obligations when using social media, particularly in the context of seeking peer professional advice or informal input from colleagues.
While doctors’ legal and professional obligations continue to apply online, the technology can create additional complexities. Being aware of these complexities will assist doctors to optimise their use of social media while still complying with those obligations.
Social media technology and platforms may change the shape of professional interactions and open up new tools and support for the benefit of doctors and their patients. The technology does not change the fundamentals of the doctor–patient relationship – and social media platforms can be a great space in which to educate, engage and inform – but it does give rise to some complexities.
Dr B is preparing to see the last patient of the day: a regular patient who has been presenting over the last few months with some complex symptoms that Dr B has been investigating. Dr B has received the last of the results that confirm the diagnosis. Dr B has only ever had one other patient with the same condition, but that was a number of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.86173
Retrieved Text: (AP) — Illinois Democrats are discussing expanding Medicaid spending at the same time Gov. Pat Quinn is laying out a "doomsday" budget if he doesn't get a temporary income tax increase extended.
The Springfield bureau of Lee Newspapers in Illinois reported Thursday that lawmakers are considering restoring dental care and podiatry services. They were eliminated in a 2012 reform aimed at saving $1.6 billion.
Rep. Greg Harris, a Chicago Democrat and leader on Medicaid, says restoration depends on having revenue to pay for it.
But he said it's worth a look because when patients seek treatment for ailments not covered, they go to the emergency room, and individual emergency room visits are more expensive than Medicaid-covered trips to the doctor.
"Some of these things are not working out quite the way we thought," Harris said.
Quinn, a Democrat, is seeking to keep the income tax at 5 percent, as it has been for four years in what was billed as a temporary hike, instead of letting it roll back to 3.75 percent in January. The typical taxpayer is paying $1,100 more this year because of the increase.
Speaker Michael Madigan, D-Chicago, said Wednesday there isn't enough support in the House to extend the increase. So Quinn is suggesting massive budget cuts would be necessary without the extra tax revenue.
State Sen. Heather Steans, a Chicago Democrat, said some of the proposed Medicaid changes are necessary to comply with new federal law. But she and Harris said a review of the cuts show that people were seeking help from emergency rooms.
"There were some things

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.852766
Retrieved Text: The irritation that comes with repeated shaving or waxing may be just about bearable, but it's completely unnecessary. Avoid it altogether with laser hair removal for men, at sk:n.
Does laser hair removal for men work?
Yes - and one of the reasons laser hair removal is ideal for men is that it works equally well across the entire body and has long-lasting results. From a few unwanted tufts, to an entire back, chest or stomach, laser hair removal is efficient and effective.
Waxing and shaving, although quick and convenient, doesn’t last long and you soon begin to experience stubble and regrowth. When you’re removing hair from a large area of skin, such as your chest or back, this can be really uncomfortable - for you, and your partner.
With laser hair removal, regrowth is minimal (hair can be reduced by up to 90%, permanently) and where you do experience regrowth, it won’t be stubbly or itchy.
Laser hair removal works by destroying each individual hair follicle with a targeted laser, so that the hair is unable to regrow in the treated area.
How many treatments will I need as a man?
In order to be effective, the hairs need to be targeted during the growth phase (known as the ‘anagen’ phase). As not all of the hairs will be in the anagen phase at exactly the same time, a course of eight or so treatments is usually required for the best results. If you don’t want to remove all of your hair completely, but just want it thinning out, your practitioner will

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.610846
Retrieved Text: The best doctor in Calgary. Caring, great humor and knowledgable.
If it wasn't for him I would be dead.
I was with another doctor for 8 years and never could find the treatment and Dr pour-ahmadi gave me what I needed.
Dr Pour-ahmadi makes you feel like you are his friend. The way he treats me and the way he listens to me makes me feel good. I have so much good to say about him and without him I don't know what I would do. I wish more physicians would be like him. He is down to earth, funny and professional. He has cared for me and given me great health. I really thank him for what he has done and don't know what I would do without him. An excellent physician that is unique.
He is so generous and kind. Very professional and great sense of humor.
So far no concerns with his medical knowledge as they have been correct and he has helped me tremendously.
The best doctor in town in my opinion.
Very busy doctor and I think that shows why everyone wants to see him.
He is so caring and helpful. Very genuine, great doctor and very knowledgable.
But his best asset is his character of being very caring.
He is one of a kind doctor who in my view is exceptional, caring and a personable doctor.
Is very hard to find this type of a physician in Calgary these days.
Very knowledgeable and provided me great treatment.
I met this doctor about a month ago, and from what I have read on the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.584509
Retrieved Text: Doctor, you are always very patient, take time to do the treatment safely, neatly and very perfectly.
Dr. Gautam you always get an Aplus.
My experience with the doctor was extremely pleasant. I was greeted by smiling attendant and in a comfortable waiting room. My appointment purpose was verified. The doctor was very professional and made sure i understood what was being done and what the best solution would be. I had cavities and the doctor helped in restoring those. I am usually scared of dentist visits, But Dr. Gautam Agarwal made it really easy and my concerns disappeared in a flash. I would recommend Dr. Gautam to not only my friends and family but to anyone else who needs a considerate and extremely well qualified dentist.
An excellent Doctor....his attitude towards his patients is superb....he makes sure that his patients, specially like me, who have dental treatment phobia get comfortable and then works on the tooth without pain. He explains every bit of process and also gives suggestions of how we can improve our tooth condition.
My experience with the clinic was very good....The doctor was more concerned about "How the pain i got , could have been prevented ?". He taught me a "Brushing technique" , which he calls as the "Art of Brushing"and his teacher had taught him this technique. And the Brushing technique is Awesome (bole to jhakas)...it takes out even those food particles which i never knew existed in my mouth. Everyday i practice the technique...And soon i will master it. .
My first hand experience

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.510513
Retrieved Text: Only a leading sports medicine doctor can provide prompt and compassionate care. A leading sports medicine doctor utilizes state-of-the-art orthopedic treatments. If you want to get back into the game – FAST – turn to Dr. Howard Marans – Orange County’s leader in sports medicine located in Santa Ana.
By the nature of their lifestyle, athletes are at an increased risk of orthopedic problems. Athletes have unique needs when they are recovering from injuries. Only a doctor specializing in sports medicine can provide cost-efficient treatment to get athletes back into action.
Dr. Marans has treated the best of the best over the course of his practice.
Dr. Marans treats every athlete according to his/her individual injury. This is because athletes need full functionality of the injured area to excel in their sport.
The Doctor’s mission is to restore every athlete to full functionality and prioritize whole body health in order to prevent future injury.
Dr. Marans is renowned for being aggressive in treating sports injuries. Athletes want to perform strenuous physical activity at peak performance over many years.
Every visit for Physical Therapy at OCOrthopedic+ is designed to promote cost-effective and expedient recovery.
OCOrthopedic+ is an athlete-focused sports medicine practice providing all-encompassing diagnostic and treatment services within one convenient Santa Ana location.
If you have suffered a sports-related injury, Dr. Marans will make it a priority to get you back into action as fast as possible. You must seek immediate treatment for a sports injury. Delaying diagnosis and treatment can lead to a prolonged healing timeframe, worsening of injury, and likelihood of recurrent injury.
For

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.502218
Retrieved Text: You can find more specific advice and information on our Child Health, Maternity, Mental Health, and Older Persons’ Health pages.
If you are using an older browser and cannot see the video above, it can be viewed on vimeo.com instead.
Did you know you can take a support person with you and ask for a translator?
Is there anything else you can tell your doctor or nurse about your health?
What is my health problem?
What can I do to help with my health?
Send us appointment enquiries using the email address on your appointment letter or the online contact form.
Please do not bring any valuables into the hospital unless absolutely necessary (including valuable items of clothing). If necessary, we may be able to store valuables and money in a locked cupboard or deposit them in the hospital safe. Any personal belongings you bring into the hospital are at your own risk. Canterbury DHB does not accept any responsibility for any personal items that you bring into hospital.
Book/eBook reader/tablet/mobile phone, charger and you can use our free patient wi-fi service.
Smoking and vaping equipment as it is not allowed. We can help you be smoke free while in hospital.
Toiletry items, such as toothbrush, toothpaste, etc.
You can help your own recovery by learning about your condition on our HealthInfo Canterbury website.
Referrals are often a part of a treatment process, specifically a referral is when your family doctor (GP) or another health professional such as a physiotherapist will refer you to a hospital specialist if needed. Referrals are also possible if patients or their family/whānau

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.48157
Retrieved Text: The information on this Site is provided for general information, is not intended to provide medical, dental or surgical advice, and should not be relied upon as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. No doctor/patient relationship is established by your use of this Site. No diagnosis or treatment is being provided. The information contained here should be used in consultation with a doctor of your choice. No guarantees or warranties are made regarding any of the information contained within this Site.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.47541
Retrieved Text: Have a list of those doctors that are offering treatment of medical marijuana when choosing the right doctor. You can get a review from your insurance policy company that you’ve insured for health to recommend to the right doctor. Go for that doctor that allows different payments methods when choosing the right doctor who will offer medical marijuana treatment when planning to choose the right doctor of treating different conditions. Pay a visit to different doctors offering the medical marijuana treatment to consider the services offered by those doctors. You can consider listening to people talking about the best medical marijuana treatment that is offering the best treatment when looking for the best doctor to hire for treatment. You can ask your friends to recommend you to the right doctor who will offer the best treatment services for medical marijuana treatment. You can decide to visit that doctor who is offering the best medical marijuana test to select the best to choose for treatment. Before choosing that doctor when selecting the best to the ideal treatment of the medical marijuana treatment make sure you’ve co contacted them to ask about their services.
Feel free to choose that doctor of your choice that you’ll be able to explain and express yourself. In case of prostate tests, ensure you’ve chosen the right medical marijuana doctor for your gender when choosing the right doctor to hire for treatment. Choose that doctor who is a specialist in offering treatment of different conditions using the marijuana or the cannabis.
Select the doctor that

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.449335
Retrieved Text: This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. Stephanie May Potter makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
DISCLAIMER: OF HEALTH-RELATED SERVICES: The information provided in my programs and services is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment that can be provided by your own Medical Doctor. I, Stephanie May Potter, am not holding myself out to be a Medical Provider (including doctor/physician, nurse, physician’s assistant or any other health professional), Mental Health Provider, registered dietician or licensed nutritionist. Understand that Stephanie May Potter is not providing healthcare, medical or nutritional treatment therapies and I do not diagnose, treat or cure in any manner any disease, condition or ailment of the body. Rather, I serve as a trainer, educator, coach, mentor and guide who provides training, education, support, resources, guidance and information. Always consult your doctor when trying new foods or making dietary changes.
These limitations of liability apply even if Stephanie May Potter has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Stephanie May Potter to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, SmayP LLC has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Stephanie May Potter’s officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.439466
Retrieved Text: INFORMATION FOR PHYSICIANS DISCLAIMER - PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION. THIS WEBSITE IS INTENDED FOR USE BY HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONALS ONLY.
Medtronic knows how committed you are to helping patients manage their health. We share your commitment with a passion for providing lifelong solutions that can assist you in managing patients' chronic medical conditions. Our products range from diagnostic equipment to therapies that manage long-term conditions where other medical therapies have failed.
In continuing to this website, you acknowledge you are a registered healthcare professional and I have a valid certification in your possession.
By clicking 'Accept' below you agree that you are a registered healthcare professional and you have a valid certification in your possession.
Treatments for tachycardia range from medication to surgery.
There are several treatment options available for people who experience tachycardia. Tachycardia can be ventricular (in the lower chambers of the heart) or atrial (in the upper chambers of the heart). Your heart doctor will determine the treatment that's best for your condition.
Your doctor may also discuss lifestyle changes with you.
This website is intended to be educational and is not to be used as a diagnostic tool. It is not intended to replace the information provided to you by your healthcare providers and does not constitute medical advice. The information may not be directly applicable for your individual clinical circumstance. Please talk with your doctor about diagnosis and treatment information.

================



======= Instance Index 41 =========
Input Text: Context: During their yearbook class, Alex took an old photo of herself and Quin, and crossed out Quinn's face on the photograph. Quinn saw her do this.

Question: How would Quinn feel as a result?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: Like Alex misses hanging out with her

B: Like Alex betrayed her

C: be friends again

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.718
Retrieved Text: The power lines looked like stringed instruments.
It’s my phone at work.
I stood in the middle of pedestrian crossing that crossed the train tracks, faced West took a photo, did a 180 about-face to face East, and then took another photo. Compiled in Photoshop with 45% opacity on the top layer.
I tried to bring a bit of Frank Sinatra class to the One take tongue twister TDC. There’s no class in my performance.
I’m not sure if it’s newsworthy, but that’s where I was at the time.
A bowl of uncooked and cooked rice.
I don’t like his photo. The wall and shadow are not particularly interesting.
I took this photo very quickly. I remember having a very definite idea how the star pattern on the cushion and blanket could be used for this TDC.
I took this photo as my morning train arrived at the platform. I like how the repeating pattern of the tactile tiles on the edge of platform sharply contrasts the blur of the train. This time, I think the inherently poor quality of the camera in my mobile doesn’t necessarily detract from the photograph.
Another photograph taken with my mobile phone while waiting for my train. Does this photo look better in colour? I’m not so sure.
I took this photo very quickly as I arrived early for work. I don’t really like this photo at all. I don’t like the colour, composition or image quality.
Taken with my webcam for the TDC beta test. It’s my 1993 student concession identification card for Melbourne’s public transport system. I tried to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.653606
Retrieved Text: Just shy of 22 x 30 inches.
I started this painting last weekend, working from a photo. An old one, that I took during a drive from Cincinnati to Coumbus, OH.
I'm still thinking about it. You can see an earlier iteration here.
Anyhow, it is quin burnt orange, prussian blue, indian yellow, and van dyck brown on fabriano 300 lb rough paper.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.815697
Retrieved Text: Class of 2018 Takes its Group Photo!
Each year, the members of the senior class get together for their group photo — the one that will appear in the yearbook. It is always a fun event, as the photo includes a message spelled out in bold red shirts. This year’s photo took place just after school today!
← 8th Grade Club Fair Introduces the Class of 2022 to our Co-curricular Opportunities!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.72141
Retrieved Text: The yearbook photo showed a young woman in hijab, the speckled head scarf framing her smiling face in front of a sunny schoolyard. Underneath, a caption read: “Isis Phillips, 11th.” For years, Isis has been among the 700 most popular girls’ names in the United States, according to the U.S. Social Security Administration. It is inspired by the ancient Egyptian goddess of the same appellation, an important deity worshipped for her healing powers and her maternal prowess. But the problem was, the name of the girl in the photo isn’t Isis or Phillips. Not even close. When Bayan Zehlif, a senior at Los Osos High School in Rancho Cucamonga, Calif., saw the moniker under her picture, she recoiled. Affixing that name to someone in a hijab could not have been an accident, she thought. “I am extremely saddened, disgusted, hurt and embarrassed that the Los Osos High School yearbook was able to get away with this,” Zehlif wrote on Facebook on Saturday. “Apparently I am ‘Isis’ in the yearbook. The school reached out to me and had the audacity to say that this was a typo. I beg to differ, let’s be real.” This was the connotation that emerged in Zehlif’s mind when she saw the page. Trevor Santellan, a student on the yearbook team, told KABC that “Isis Phillips” is the real name of an 11th-grade student who formerly attended Los Osos. She transferred earlier in the year. In a message to the New York Daily News, Santellan said: “If anything, [Zehlif] is being racist

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.395752
Retrieved Text: Earlier this week, power couple Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez challenged their fans to join them on a 10-day no carb and no sugar challenge. "This 10-day challenge is starting to get lonely, so we’re challenging YOU!" J.Lo wrote in a caption to an Instagram video, which featured the couple coming out of a workout together. If you're thinking, this challenge isn't for you, think again. The 49-year-old stunner just posted a progress picture of herself, and the results are incredible!
"Day 4 & feeling..... a lil better :) Who’s with me?" The Second Act actress captioned a photo of herself on her Instagram. In the photo, Jennifer is wearing a blue sports bra and colorful bottoms, but the most eye-catching detail is her bulging abs. And everyone noticed. Kelly Rowland commented, "I'll have whatever TF she's having!" while her co-star Vanessa Hudgens simply said, "Get it mama." Watch What Happens Live host Andy Cohen jokingly wrote, "I'm suddenly feeling straight."
MORE: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are giving up sugar and carbs - and they want you to join!
J. Lo's beau also took to social media to encourage fans to get in on this healthy challenge. He posted a video of the two working out and promised all his followers that he and Jennifer would stick through the entire challenge. "We pinky promise, he wrote, followed by "someone hide the cookie dough."
If this is only day four, we can't imagine what Jennifer's abs will look like at the end of the challenge. But one thing is for

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.09032
Retrieved Text: Alex: Thank you, Johnny. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. It's always nice to make a good first impression, and that's what Sean did on our program yesterday. He'd've won more than $20,000, but he missed the Final Jeopardy! Nabila and Quin, welcome aboard. Good to have you here, and good luck.
Alex: Quin Lewellen is a graphic designer from New Mexico. Quin, appearances are often deceiving. You look young.
Alex: You used to go home during your lunch break when you were in high school to watch Jeopardy!
Quin: Yeah, so I went home every day for lunch and watched Jeopardy! religiously.
Alex: Okay, well, you're here today.
Alex: Nabila Yusaf from New York, a software engineer, who is a self-described water sommelier?
Nabila: Yes. I know it sounds weird, but I can tell the difference between different types of water--bottled water, of course. Fiji, Aquafina, Poland Spring, Evian.
Alex: All right, help me out on this one.
Alex: Do we overpay for these waters?
Nabila: I think so. It's better to drink tap water, but tap water doesn't taste good to me, so I have to drink bottled water.
Alex: Do the words Chardonnay mean anything to you?
Alex: Sean Udicious is our champion. He is an expeditor from New Jersey. What do you expedite?
Sean: So I'm in charge of making sure that our vehicle registrations are renewed on time and given to our clients in a timely manner.
Alex: Okay. So you work for a big company, then.
Sean: Yes. ARI in Mount Laurel, New Jersey. We're the largest fleet management corporation in the U.S.
Quin found the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.967085
Retrieved Text: One day, Fei returned home to their little Charlie Brown apartment in Baltimore and found his wife busy with some crafts involving photos and scrapbook papers. He approached her from behind to surprise her with a kiss on her cheek. Then he noticed she was inserting some interesting photos into an album.
“Yes, we are! But these are our old photos and I’m making this as a bedtime story book for our daughter.” Quin turned the album to show her husband what the cover looked like.
Quin laughed. “Of course I had to snap it when you were in the shower!” Fei threatened to take away the photo and she quickly grabbed the album back from him.
“Hey! You can’t show our daughter that! It has to be sensored!” Fei tried his hardest to take the album from her but she wouldn’t relent.
Two weeks later, Quin received news that her application for her medical residency had been accepted at The Maryland General Hospital in Baltimore. However, when she presented the news to Fei, she could tell he was not his usual self. There was a cloud hanging over his head and he seemed unsure how to get above it. His body was sitting in the armchair, but his mind was somewhere else.
Alright, Quin decided this was some serious talk here. Being pregnant and all, there was no way she was going to stand through this conversation. So she sat down on the couch next to him.
“DC!?” Quin thought that would not be a problem, just a semi-short drive to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.922441
Retrieved Text: Photo: Beezie Madden and HHS Hercules.
Lexington, Ky. – Nov. 3, 2017 – The CP National Horse Show featured a different style of show jumping competition with the $35,000 Salamander Hotels and Resorts Accumulator Class CSI4* for the Whitney Stone Memorial Trophy. Local groups were invited out for “Barn Night” to watch as Beezie Madden (USA) and Abigail Wexner’s HHS Hercules took the top prize of the evening.
The class featured 10 obstacles of increasing difficulty, where points were awarded for each fence cleared. Obstacle one jumped without fault was worth one point, obstacle two jumped without fault was worth two points, and so on.
A final fence option called ‘The Joker’ was worth double points. However, if a rider opted for ‘The Joker’ and knocked it down, those points were deducted from the total score. Twenty-three international horses and athletes strived to clear the Michel Vaillancourt-designed course for a perfect score of 65 points. Eleven athletes were able to do just that, finishing with no faults and jumping the high point ‘Joker’ fence without error. Between those 11, it all came down to time.
Laura Kraut (USA) and St. Bride’s Farm’s Whitney were the first to achieve a perfect score of 65 points in a blazing 47.81 seconds to take the early lead for the majority of the class.
None was able to catch Kraut’s time until Madden and the 8-year-old Irish Sport Horse entered the Alltech Arena as the very last to go. The pair finished clear for 65 points in 47.62 seconds to outpace Kraut’s time by 2/10ths

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.695213
Retrieved Text: There are currently no Mount Carmel Mount Carmel, IL notable alumni listed. Be the first to add an MCHS famous alumni.
The memorials below are for students of Mount Carmel High School that have passed away.
There are currently no memorials for Mount Carmel Mount Carmel, IL alumni.
Alumni from Mount Carmel can use this site to get in touch with old friends from their high school in IL.	While you are reminiscing about the times you spent in high school at Mount Carmel High School, you should also check out alumni photos, yearbook listings and share any reunion info if possible. For former Mount Carmel students from IL, you can view the class reunion information that has been posted by other site visitors. In addition, we encourage you to post your profile in the alumni directory, share information about the school activities you were involved with and reconnect with Mount Carmel High School alumni.
Liam Cafferty has someone searching for them.
Barbara Vogle has someone searching for them.
Robert Erwin has someone searching for them.
Diana Williams has someone searching for them.
Jcraig Thornton updated his profile picture.
Jcraig Thornton added photos to their personal photo gallery.
Jcraig Thornton registered as a MCHS Class of 1974 alumni.
Mike Miller registered as a MCHS Class of 1972 alumni.
Mike Miller updated his profile picture.
Mike Miller added photos to their personal photo gallery.
John Gross registered as a MCHS Class of 1979 alumni.
John Gross requested a MCHS yearbook from 1979.
Bill Sloan added photos to their personal photo gallery.
Bill Sloan registered as a MCHS Class of 1968 alumni.
Bill Sloan updated his profile

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.497095
Retrieved Text: Enjoy reading and share 45 famous quotes about A Yearbook with everyone.
“Is it? Because that picture of me was taken by my old school's yearbook club, and they put it in the section titled 'STUDENT FAILSAUCES! XD.
“Noah," she whispers in reprimand.
"You've never complained when I've tried to undress you before."
Echo readjusts so she can see me, and for the first time since this morning, those eyes dance. "Yes, I have."
"The last day of school."
“Oh, my God," I whispered. "But how did they get my photo?
Alex tapped his mouth with his thumb. "That ... book with everyone's picture in it, that you have in high school."
Want to see more pictures of A Yearbook quotes? Click on image of A Yearbook quotes to view full size.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.42969
Retrieved Text: On September 18, 2018, the Scott County Central Yearbook Class attended J Day at Southeast Missouri State University. When the class first arrived at SEMO, the first breakout session students were allowed to attend was on Sports Photography. Kyle Carter, from Richland High School, was the presenter. He went over the Do’s and Don’ts of how to take sports pictures properly. During the second breakout session, yearbook members were so impressed with Mr. Carter, that they decided to attend his second breakout session. In this, he mentioned a neat idea that could be used with the yearbook, called HP Reveal. This allows you to attach a video to a photo that has been taken and placed in the yearbook. When you scan the photo with your phone, the video will play to do this, you need to download the app (HP Reveal) and follow SCCWarrior. Then, you can scan some photos in the 2018 yearbook (senior formal photos, senior group photo, select prom photos) and point the camera of your phone towards your desired photo, if it has a video connected to it, it will find the video for you and play it as many times as you like.
After the breakout sessions, there was an award session. However, the SCC group went to meet with a Jostens Cover Artist during this time period to design the 2019 yearbook. The members then returned to SCC in time to catch the bus and go home.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.050865
Retrieved Text: CHECK OUT the MV Media website VistaNow.org.
VISIT THE Aerie yearbook webpage.
CLICK HERE to order a yearbook and add-ons. The yearbooks are delivered in May.
If you purchased a yearbook and have yet to pick it up, please contact Mr. Newton via email or stop by and see him in U328.
To pay the photo fee (for submitting your unique portrait), CLICK HERE.
You are not required to submit your own senior photo. Students may elect to use their student ID photo. There is no charge for using a school ID photo.
The fee amount depends on the photographer. The fee is $10 for using a Preferred Photographer, $15 for all other photographers. There is no fee for using the official school ID photo.
An unpaid fee will be added to your senior check-out fees at the end of the year before graduation.
To deadline to submit your quote has passed.
All quotes must be school appropriate. As stated in school district policy, the MV Media Editorial Board reserves the right to reject any quote deemed legally and/or ethically inappropriate.
Closed for Class of 2019.
Class of 2020: Information coming in May 2019.
SUBMIT YOUR PHOTOS TO THE YEARBOOK!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.008282
Retrieved Text: Picture day is always a fun an exciting time for students. They get to leave class, dress in something special, and show off those pearly whites! But with so many kids getting their getting pics snapped, the photographer’s attention to detail is often compromised. A lot can go wrong in the short timeframe allotted for each student. Closed eyes, goofy smile, and messy hair are just some of the stumbling blocks that may get in the way.
This may sounds a bit cheesy but practice makes perfect and smiling is no exception. Look into the mirror and practice what looks best so that it feels natural. Try angling your head slightly up and down. You may find your smile looks better in one angle than another.
Wearing something uncomfortable often shows on a person’s face. Instead, try something that makes you feel confident and happy. You will be relaxed and calm when the photo is snapped and your smile will show it.
Right before the picture is snapped, think of something hilarious. It could be a joke, a story you heard or just something funny your friend said last week during class. Laughing on the inside will show on your smile outside.
The most important thing is to be yourself and to have fun. After all, it is just a yearbook photo. You can always do retakes or call and have them take your photo out if you don’t like it.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.920494
Retrieved Text: Made in Chelsea star Lucy Watson treated herself to an early Christmas present this week when she took delivery of a luxury new car.
The brunette beauty is now the proud owner of a £40,000 silver Mercedes E-class Cabriolet, and excitedly shared a photo of her purchase with her 519,000 Twitter fans on Tuesday.
Hours later she uploaded a picture of her sleek silver Mercedes, with the caption, “They see me rolling… They hating,” referencing lyrics for hip hop song Ridin’ Dirty by Chamillionaire.
Lucy recently started an exclusive blog for ! Online to give her a sneak peek at her life outside the show.
Since joining MIC in 2012, the 22-year-old has caused quite a stir. While she wasn’t the most popular girl when she started, in large part because of her brutal honesty, she is now an established member of the cast.
Lucy has previously dated Andy Jordan and Alex Mytton on the show, but it’s her on-off romances with Jamie Lang and Spencer Matthews that are currently keeping viewers hooked.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.821968
Retrieved Text: There are currently no North Canyon notable alumni listed. Be the first to add an NCHS famous alumni.
The memorials below are for students of North Canyon High School that have passed away.
There are currently no memorials for North Canyon alumni.
Alumni from North Canyon can use this site to get in touch with old friends from their high school in AZ.	For former North Canyon students from AZ, you can view the class reunion information that has been posted by other site visitors. In addition, we encourage you to post your profile in the alumni directory, share information about the school activities you were involved with and reconnect with North Canyon High School alumni. If you haven't already, we also encourage you to register for free on this site. You may also want to check out the latest news and school memories.
Dawn Slarrow has someone searching for them.
Selene Lopez has someone searching for them.
Kera English has someone searching for them.
Christina Lawler has someone searching for them.
Eric Clemens registered as a NCHS Class of 1998 alumni.
Eric Clemens added photos to their personal photo gallery.
Eric Clemens updated their profile picture.
Eric Clemens requested a NCHS yearbook from 1998.
Amanda Hein Stone registered as a NCHS Class of 1999 alumni.
Amanda Hein Stone added photos to their personal photo gallery.
Amanda Hein Stone updated her profile picture.
Jose Mendez updated his profile picture.
Jose Mendez added photos to their personal photo gallery.
Jose Mendez registered as a NCHS alumni.
Jade Peterson updated her profile picture.
Jade Peterson added photos to their personal photo gallery.
Jade Peterson registered as a NCHS Class

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.39764
Retrieved Text: Now that Jack has (finally) become totally potty trained (sorry, Future Jack, but you were 3 3/4 years old before you were ready), Quinn has become convinced that he is ready to potty train. Alex has eagerly jumped on board that train and keeps promising "the end of diapers by the end of the summer!" I'm less convinced.
Really what Quinn's "potty training" consists of is him yelling, "Potty! Potty! Potty!" frequently and loudly. We moved a little potty into the bathroom for him today, but had to cut off his access after he started using bath toys to scoop water from the real toilet bowl into the bathtub. I tell you, that boy is really interested in what the toilet can do. A couple of days ago he ripped a full-size page out of my crossword puzzle book, ran to the bathroom, threw it in the toilet, and tried to flush it. I got there in the nick of time.
So now the little potty is traveling around the house to wherever it is Quinn's fancy to push it. He sat on it for a little while today after insisting I take off his shoes ("Off! Off! Off!"). And then his pants ("Off! Off! Off!"). And then his diaper ("Off! Off! Off!"). After I refused to take off his socks (why, I don't know), he took them off himself. I drew the line at his shirt.
After I redressed him and wouldn't take his clothes off again, the potty became a receptacle for his odds and ends: his

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.22812
Retrieved Text: Wheelersburg will be hosting a Volleyball Summer Camp on June 13th and 14th. For cost and more information click the link below to get the informational flyer.
On the days that high school students are taking the end of course state exams, Wheelersburg High School will be using a modified schedule. Students who are taking a test on a given day will report on the normal schedule. Students not taking a state test that day will report at 10:30 am. See the attached schedule.
Paige Emnett threw 42 feet 6 inches, breaking the previous 30 year old shot put record of 41 feet 3½ inches set by Kristi Layne in 1989.
Other winners were: Libby Miller, Alyssa Dingus, Gabby Deacon, Lani Irwin, and Kylan Darnell.
Congratulations to the Quiz Bowl Team, under the direction of Mr. Oakes, for winning the county tournament championship and for finishing in the top ten of the small school state tournament finals. They qualified to attend the nationals in Chicago in May. Congratulations!!
Each night of the Academy features a different fundamental theme, includes an hour of instruction, and an extra hour of open gym.
The Wheelersburg Science Bowl Team, under the direction of Mr. Boll, won the Regional Tournament for the 3rd consecutive year. They will compete in the national competition in Washington DC April 25-29. They were undefeated 8-0 in competition and set the all-time single match scoring record, beating Waverly 86-4. In addition to competing in the nationals, they will each receive a $500 scholarship to Shawnee State Univeristy, and the school will receive

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.972849
Retrieved Text: Kenton's Infotainment Scan: Has Facebook muscled out the yearbook?
You can't tell a yearbook by its cover. I hope.
Do they still make yearbooks?
The question popped into my head yesterday when I wrote that barnburning blog post about how I invented Wii Fit and the Minutemen's Double Nickels on the Dime album cover. My proof (for the latter, anyway) is my yearbook photo, which came out four years before the album.
In your eye, Minutemen! Oh, sorry, that was yesterday's blog.
The yearbook is basically Facebook in book form, but as yesterday's blog post revealed: you can prove stuff with a yearbook because it's a snapshot in time, written in stone.
The yearbook's primary value is sentimental; when you get to my ripe old age, you pick it up, look at it, and think, "What was I thinking with those game-show host glasses and feathered hair?" Or, "I dated her for three years! What's her name again?" Or I went to school with "Nia Vardalos' sister?!"
Nia's sis on the left.
With Facebook, you can search, link, poke, write on walls, friend, unfriend, tag, untag, and change history, if you're creative and own Photoshop.
But for all its interactivity, Facebook is always a work in progress. You can't prove s**t with Facebook - on Facebook I can have a full head of hair and say I discovered the law of gravity.
In your eye, Isaac Newton!
A quick online search tells me that the yearbook was invented in 1845 by John A. Yearbook, who realized that he would die penniless if he couldn't think of a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.86218
Retrieved Text: At Menagha High School in Minnesota, seniors are allowed to submit a photo of themselves for the yearbook. There are no guidelines for the yearbook staff but some photos have been rejected in the past. One student wanted a picture of himself holding a gun included – it was turned down.
This year, two issues involving seniors’ photos for the yearbook surfaced and ultimately the photos were banned. Senior Stephanie Myers asked for her daughter to be allowed in her photo. The yearbook adviser said no since it would promote teen pregnancy. She took it to the principal who also rejected the idea.
Kyle Kenyon was a student at the same high school. He would have been a senior this year but committed suicide in January, 2012. Friends asked for a memorial page dedicated to Kyle. They were rejected since the school honored Kyle in other ways. The administration expressed concern about promoting suicide as a way for students to gain attention. Protests were planned but didn’t materialize. There were rumors of suspensions and exclusion from walking with the graduating class of any student who participated in a sit-down or other demonstration. The protest was cancelled.
Instead, one student contacted the media and went online to voice her opinion. A petition was attempted but students hesitated signing because of possible consequences. Discussions are underway with the school officials.
In another incident of this type, Vista Ridge High School in Colorado was aksed to include a memorial page for senior Devin Scott. He committed suicide in August, 2012 and classmates wanted

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.819782
Retrieved Text: After a photo of Virginia Governor Ralph Northam presumably wearing blackface next to a man in KKK garb in his yearbook recently surfaced, the governor looked to quickly jump out and address it.
Amid tremendous backlash, Northam confessed to being in the photo, wholely apologized, but said he would serve out the remainder of his term.
The backlash included many calls for his resignation, including many calls from prominent Democrats. Presidential candidates and local Virginia officials also demanded his resignation.
Virginia Democratic Governor Ralph Northam’s week just went from really, really bad to a full-blown dumpster fire. He made appalling remarks about late-term abortion while commenting on a bill proposed by Democratic House Delegate Kathy Tran that would have essentially legalized abortion up to the point of birth. The bill was rejected, saving Virginia from adopting a similar law that passed in New York that’s just heinous. Abortion extremism was exposed this week, but so was Northam’s apparent problematic past, where he was called “coonman” at the Virginia Military Institute. But the bombshell was an old 1984 yearbook photo from his days at Eastern Virginia Medical School, where two people, one in blackface and the other in Ku Klux Klan garb, are featured on his yearbook page.
Now, Governor Northam has reportedly made a 180 and is claiming that is not him in the photo.
Virginia Governor Ralph Northam now denies appearing in a racist photograph that he on Friday apologized for.
The 59-year-old from Nassawadox has done a complete about face according to a fellow Virginia Democrat who spoke to the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.81856
Retrieved Text: ANZAC - On the morning of 31 May the Canterbury Battalion made their way up to Quinn's Post. Private Cecil Malthus described the still hazardous journey.
"We went to Quinn's Post by a safe and easy route, round by Anzac Cove and up Shrapnel Gully. In passing up several open valleys we gained a much better knowledge of our new position. Quinn's Post was the most advanced corner of our line and the furthest from the sea - much nearer the sea on the left than on the right. From the beach at Anzac Cove the way lay through deep and winding communication trenches which had cost the Australians weeks of incredible work. Then came the comparatively safe stretches of Shrapnel Gully, where the track was not overlooked by the enemy, except at a few points where sentries were always posted to warn the passers-by. These places were crossed at the double, however weary or loaded a man might be. Even so, they provided good shooting for the Turkish snipers, as the movement of traffic, though spasmodic, was almost continual. From there another deep sap emerged in Monash Gully, which was really the head of the mile-long valley traversing our territory and forming the main avenue of traffic. Monash Gully too was badly exposed to Turkish snipers, who had almost a clear line of fire from Dead Man's Ridge, back between Pope's and Quinn's. Up the hill to the left of Monash Gully was Russell's Top, straight at the head of the gully was Pope's Hill, with

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.731228
Retrieved Text: The Talk: Who’s Your Daddy?
The Talk is celebrating Father’s Day with Who’s Your Daddy?, a segment in which the hosts have to guess the identity of a mystery father by quizzing his offspring. Emily was the daughter of the day’s famous guest; Aisha Tyler recused herself from the competition, because she knew exactly who the surprise guest was.
Sharon Osbourne learned that Emily’s dad is not known for acting, but does work in television. He is a TV game show host, and Sheryl Underwood shrieked every one of her incorrect guesses. Julie Chen finally came up with the correct answer, Jeopardy‘s Alex Trebek.
Alex Trebek said that he is often mistaken for Wheel of Fortune‘s Pat Sajak in person. But Sajak told Trebek that he does not have the same problem. Emily talked about what her famous father means to her, adding that he was always there for the family.
There was even a vintage shirtless photo of Trebek holding Emily, back when he still had a moustache. “I am not into photos all that much,” he said, but he made an exception for an image of Emily at bathtime.
Sheryl Underwood said she would have wanted homework help if she grew up in Trebek’s household. Emily said that he was helpful, but he made the kids work for their answers and learn on their own.
The Talk: Alex Trebek Strict?
Was Alex Trebek a strict dad? He thought of himself as fairly strict, and he talked about the difference between raising sons and daughters, as a dad. “You try to instruct

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.710604
Retrieved Text: Listings of high school yearbooks for Largo can be found below. You will find former students who are seeking yearbooks, those looking to sell a yearbook and general yearbook requests among the Largo High yearbook listings. This yearbook section was created to help alumni post yearbook classifieds.
If you are an alumn of Largo you should register now in the alumni directory. We also encourage you to interact with the rest of the alumni on this site. You can find old friends, share photos and stay updated on the latest school news.
I missed the chance to get one while in school.
This CJ ( the girl everybody thought wouldn't graduate!) I know somebody got the book! I'm trying to see what it be like hit me!
Would like to see a copy of the Class of 1998 yearbook.
I long lost my yearbook and would like to know how do I get another one. Please help!! I've been searching for years now on how to receive another yearbook with all my high school memories.
I lost my yearbook and wanted to get another copy.
I would like to know if there are any class of '92 Alumni, who would be able to provide a copy of our yearbook. I would also like to know if there are any Alumni who were in Mr. Murphys choir who graduated that year and have a copy of our graduation on tape/disk, at the Capitol Center.
Lost mine in a flood... Would be nice to have one again.
I lost my yearbook (Largo High school 1981). Trying to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.687376
Retrieved Text: Be a Part of Rocket Journalism!
As the time for class registration rolls around, you might find yourself in a pickle, trying to choose between classes you either really like or classes you would be able to tolerate. Might I suggest a super fun and rewarding class where you produce three of the school’s publications plus the monthly newscast? That’s right! The Journalism program is looking for new rising sophomores and juniors who would like to be on staff their junior or senior year.
Claire Hellmann, staff member, gives two thumbs up because she’s so glad she joined the Journalism program.
If you are unaware of how the journalism program works, you must first take Journalism I as a sophomore or junior, and you can move up to be in Journalism II the following year.
As a J1, a student taking Journalism I, you will learn the basics of being a journalist. Though you create content for the purpose of a grade, any content submitted is considered for publishing on the website, the Rocket Launch. Plus, projects are completely up to you so it’s easy to write about things you feel passionate about or are interested in! It is a great stepping stool before becoming a part of the staff, or, a J2.
Averi Smith and Jenna Roper, Journalism I students, work together on an introductory assignment.
J2 is open to a J1 the year after they took Journalism I. So, if you took Journalism I your Sophomore year, you wouldn’t be able to join staff until your Junior year, but you

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.624481
Retrieved Text: Can't come to the event? You can still be a part of it and support Alex.
Leave a message for Alex on Facebook here.
Make a donation and make a difference by supporting the We Got This Fund and the Lung Cancer Foundation of America here.
Pretend you're on the red carpet and post a photo of you and Alex for the tabloids here. Don't have a great pic? Just insert your face into one of the following shots and post (instructions below).
For the tech savvy: 1. Choose a picture and then drag it to your desktop 2. Choose a photo of yourself 3. Use any image editing software, like Photoshop, to crop your face from your photo and insert it into Alex's photo 4. Save the image and post on Facebook.
For the old school: 1. Print out one of the photos of Alex 2. Print out a photo of yourself 3. Cut out your face and paste it into the photo of Alex 4. Take a picture of the new photo with your smartphone 5. Post it on Facebook.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.612032
Retrieved Text: See below to read what my past clients have to say about their experience.
"I used Michelle Makes Memories to create my child's first grade class yearbook. Her services made the daunting task of picking the right photos from the hundreds to choose from and organizing them with beautiful layouts BREEZE. The yearbooks were the perfect end of the year presents for the teachers. And they were such a hit almost every parent ordered one instead of the school's official yearbook."
﻿"Michelle and Kalil were incredibly kind and patient with our kids. They were committed to insuring that we had photos that we loved and the results were fantastic!"
﻿"And then let's talk about the fabulous Michelle Schoulder and her company, Michelle Makes Memories who photographed our party. Michelle's and Kalil's time and care made the event even more special. She is the BEST!"
"It was an honor and pleasure working with Michelle. I had no idea that this was her first event as she managed it like a seasoned pro. I hope that we will work together ​again in the future."
"We are grateful to Michelle Makes Memories and Narrative View Media for providing their talents to capture the spirit of the evening."
"When planning and executing an event it can be difficult to take the time out of the busy day to photograph the details. Utilizing Michelle Makes Memories was an excellent way to ensure all aspects of the day were captured and took a significant pressure off of me so that I could spend my time managing the event.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.5189
Retrieved Text: There are currently no Chelsea Chelsea, AL notable alumni listed. Be the first to add an CHS famous alumni.
If you know someone who graduated from CHS in Chelsea, AL that has passed away, you can create a memorial for them.
There are currently no memorials for Chelsea Chelsea, AL alumni.
The Chelsea High alumni site is made so that students and teachers from the Chelsea high school can reconnect with those that they met while attending high school.	We also encourage you to keep up to date on news and reconnect with Chelsea High School alumni. You can also find out what other graduates are doing now, share memories with other alumn, upload pictures from Chelsea High and find other alumni.
Donna Singleton has someone searching for them.
Patricia Alexander has someone searching for them.
Melissa Whitaker has someone searching for them.
Sarah Moyer has someone searching for them.
Mary Jones Rich registered as a CHS Class of 1973 alumni.
Mary Jones Rich added photos to their personal photo gallery.
Mary Jones Rich updated her profile picture.
Mary Jones Rich requested a CHS yearbook from 1973.
Jerri Chelsea Hollis requested a CHS yearbook from 1978.
Jerri Chelsea Hollis registered as a CHS Class of 1978 alumni.
Chad Parrish added photos to their personal photo gallery.
Chad Parrish registered as a CHS Class of 1996 alumni.
Betty Blevins Jones registered as a CHS Class of 1973 alumni.
Betty Blevins Jones requested a CHS yearbook from 1973.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.473003
Retrieved Text: The singer isn't hiding anymore.
Carrie Underwood took to Instagram to share a photo of herself rehearsing on a stage.
This is the first photo that the 35-year-old singer has shared of her entire face since an accident that left her with 40-50 stitches.
Her fans were excited to see the singer back in action, showering her with love.
Carrie Underwood isn't hiding anymore. The 35-year-old singer took to her Instagram to share a photo of her performing on a stage with her backing band. The image shows her belting it out while wearing jeans and a t-shirt. Most importantly, the post gave her fans the first full look at her face since getting 40-50 stitches after a scary fall. "Missed these guys. #bandrehearsals," she captioned the pic. Naturally, her followers were beyond excited to see the country songstress back in action. "you're BACK," one person commented. "We have missed seeing you in social media! Glad you're all healed up!" wrote another. Her fans are so sweet!
The "Before He Cheats" singer has been refraining from posting clear shots of her face since a terrifying accident resulted in a broken wrist and several facial injuries in Nov. 2017. But thankfully she's slowly becoming more present on social media. On April 4, she shared a photo that showed her sitting in the recording studio, giving everyone a look at the side of her head. A very faint scar on her cheek near her nose could be made out, but the barely-there mark was the only indication that she'd suffered an injury at

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.471958
Retrieved Text: Polk Education Association giving 40,000 FREE, BRAND NEW BOOKS to Polk Students!
All students, parents, teachers and support staff welcome!
The books go from ages Pre K- High School!
Face Painting and Hot Dogs and other good information as well!
Welcome to AHS, Mr. Bruno!
Click here for the attached article from the Ledger.
Attention Class of 2019: yearbook photos!
Class of 2019, it is time for your senior pictures! Leonard’s will be on campus June 7 to take your senior photos. Each of you will receive an appointment card in the mail about a week before the photo date. If you do not receive it, please call 888-224-5045 to make an appointment and pay your $15 seat fee. You must have your photo taken with Leonard’s in order to be in the yearbook. Gentlemen, be sure to bring a light colored undershirt; ladies, bring a spaghetti strap-like shirt that you can slide off of your shoulders. Bring multiple outfits if you choose to upgrade your sessions. We look forward to seeing you there! Congratulations to all of you!
On Friday, May 4, AHS conducted the last blood drive of the school year. See pictures below.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.42549
Retrieved Text: She stretched out a hand to him and he took it.
Miss Marple, sitting close by, shook her head sympathetically.
‘Is it really true, Jane?’ Carrie Louise asked.
Her husband avoided her eyes.
Miss Marple came down the stairs and into the Great Hall to find Alex Restarick standing near the large entrance door, with his hand held out in a theatrical way.
Lewis Serrocold, who had followed Miss Marple down from Carrie Louise’s sitting room, crossed the Great Hall to his study and shut the door.
‘Are you trying to reconstruct the crime?’ asked Miss Marple with pleasure.
Stephen went on into the library.
Miss Marple, walking gently round the Hall, thinking of herself as an audience moving around a stage set, walked into Alex Restarick as he stepped back suddenly.
Alex frowned at her, said in an absent-minded sort of way, ‘I beg your pardon,’ and then added in a surprised voice. ‘I was thinking of something else - that boy Ernie.’ He made strange movements with both hands.
Then, with a sudden change of behaviour, he crossed the hall and went through the library door, shutting it behind him.
The sound of voices came from behind the closed door, but Miss Marple hardly noticed them. She was not interested in Ernie. She was sure that Ernie had seen nothing at all. She did not believe for a moment that on a cold foggy night like last night, Ernie would have used his abilities to open a lock so he could wander about in the gardens. It was most likely that he never got out

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: Context: The customer felt that Addison was rude and made a complaint to management.

Question: What will Addison want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: take the abuse

B: wanted the problem fixed

C: explain the situation

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.391855
Retrieved Text: Spaas Spa Boutique on 2 protseduuride tuba, sh toad paaridele. Saadaval on massaaž ja näohoolitsused.
I made one small complaint on a daily questionnaire and the problem was solved without me ever asking. Excellent service.
Overall this hotel was so disappointing. The service was absolutely horrible. All of the staff I encountered was rude included the staff who came into my room without being actually let in to drop off my “VIP welcome gift” not a very welcoming arrival when someone is pounding on your door like the police and then proceeds to let themselves in. Front desk staff was rude as well upon arrival, also second day tried to address a lightbulb out in the room as well and the switches in the room for the lighting not working, and the morning staff basically told me to come back when he wasn’t busy. I was really looking forward to my stay at the Godfrey but between the horrible service from the staff and the underwhelming rooms, I can say this is one Chicago hotel I have NO desire to visit again.
They lost my reservation and made me find it and the service was horrible!!
Average... started out rough with a surprise $300 deposit that was not forementioned. However they did mention a $15 per day fee... felt pretty deceived by that. The hotel condition was ok. Beautiful outside and nice in the main areas. The room however was subpar. Felt dingy and the button switch lights sometimes worked. Ordered breakfast one day and it was ok. The toast

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.845768
Retrieved Text: Thanks MeasuredUp for helping solve my customer service complaint. The company I reviewed saw my complaint and contacted me to solve it. I like MeasuredUp better then Twitter because I could get into detail about my complaint. - Lila C.
Customer Service reps saw my review on MeasuredUp and answered my complaint through the MeasuredUp system. I am very happy that I got my refund. - Jim H.
I love going out and telling people that are rude to me that I am going to write a review about them on MeasuredUp and then watch them try and be nicer so i will write a good review. - Patty Q.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.105606
Retrieved Text: I was walking around in a Sunoco gas station because I had a little time to kill. The Sunoco that I'm talking about is located in Morristown, Tennessee. One of the employees ran me out of the store. That behavior was rude.
If I had been causing trouble or trying to steal, I could understand why I was ran out of the store. But I wasn't bothering anybody or doing anything wrong. The employees at the other Sunoco gas stations may not be rude but I'm going to boycott all Sunoco gas stations just in case. I am mailing a complaint to Sunoco and I'm telling them that they've lost a customer for life.
There are several Sunocos in Morristown. I'm guessing it's the one on Buffalo Trail. A surly lot in there.
Try Marathon Gas on South Cumberland.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.858492
Retrieved Text: Turn a complaint into a learning exercise.
It's only a matter of time until your business receives a customer complaint. When the inevitable occurs, discuss the complaint with employees to resolve the situation effectively. With the right approach, you can satisfy the customer and handle employees correctly at the same time. Tackle the situation with a problem-solving mentality to keep morale high and customers happy.
Meet with the employees involved in the complaint. The meeting should include any employees specifically mentioned in the complaint. If the complaint was a general complaint, include all employees who were working at the time the incident occurred.
Ask the employees if they remember the incident or the situation that precipitated the complaint. Encourage a discussion about the situation to enable you to learn as much as possible. Keep the dialogue positive and productive.
Seek feedback from the employees about why the customer complained. Talk about why the customer may have felt dissatisfied. Discuss alternatives that might have made the outcome different. Suggest what you would like employees to do in the future. Encourage employees to think of ideas and suggest how they can improve service.
Tell the employees what you have done to handle the customer complaint so they understand the ramifications of an unhappy customer. For example, if you gave the customer a discount or free merchandise or service, employees should understand how the complaint affected the business.
End the meeting on a positive note with everyone feeling motivated to provide good service. By using the complaint to problem-solve and fine-tune your company’s customer service,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.699993
Retrieved Text: I was looking at watches and was having a nice conversation with a saleslady, Bobby. She walked me over to the brand I wanted to see and she was giving me a few minutes to look when a loud, rude saleslady, Wendi, interfered and started to talk to me as if my saleslady wasn't there. Bobby quietly told her she had it covered when the other lady got very loud and obnoxious with her. Bobby tried to defend herself but was shouted down. I excused myself and left. What upsets me even more is that I heard through a relative who works in that Macy's that Bobby got in trouble for this. I often find the salesladies in Macy's are pushy and this Wendy was.
I might call the store but I felt this had wider effect.
I was assaulted by a Macy’s employee on Saturday, November 27th, at about 10:45 a.m. inside the Gallery Place subway stop, which is right below your store. The woman was wearing a Macy’s uniform with a nametag reading “Beverly.” She was an obese black woman in her mid-to late 40s.
The woman was talking on her phone and rudely pushed in front of me on the stairs, and when I said, “Watch where you’re going”, she became verbally abusive and followed me around the subway platform saying she would “hurt me”. She followed me onto the train and even switched cars to continue harassing me, and asked a black male to help her after falsely telling him I had called her a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.595419
Retrieved Text: The SEC charged a New York based hedge fund manager, a hedge fund, and an investment advisor with public statement fraud and stealing customer funds.
In its court Complaint, the SEC alleged that Nicholas J. Genovese was a financial con-artist who concealed his criminal past and lied about his securities industry and money management experience to steal millions of dollars from investment management clients.
In addition to Genovese, in its Complaint the SEC also charged hedge fund Willow Creek Investments, LP, and investment advisor Willow Creek Advisors, LLC. Both Willow Creek Investments, LP and Willow Creek Advisors, LLC, were controlled by Genovese.
The SEC charged that the defendants’ materially false public statements and their stealing customer funds violated the Securities Act of 1933 and Investment Advisors Act of 1940.
From 2014 to January 2018, Genovese’s theft of customer funds scheme supposedly raised at least $5.32 million through fraudulent private placements.
In addition to verbally lying to investors, Genovese allegedly made false public statements through the distribution of a private placement memorandum that repeated his false statements.
Among other things, the Complaint alleges that Genovese stated that he had been a partner at Goldman Sachs, a portfolio manager for Bear Stearns, and held an M.B.A. from Dartmouth’s Tuck Business School.
The Complaint also claims that the defendants made false representations that the national accounting firm Grant Thornton was Willow Creek Investments, LP’s auditor, and that the fund had achieved historical investment gains of 30-40% per year.
With regard to Willow Creek Advisors, LLC, the allegedly false statements included that the investment advisor had $30-39 billion

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.163013
Retrieved Text: ServiceDesk Lite is free ready to use service management software that enables you to manage customer complaint life cycle from complaint initiation, assignment to closure in a very simple way.For service oriented firms it is very essential to timely respond to customer complaints, Usually lot of paperwork needs to be done to manage customer complaints.Service management is made simpler with Service Desk Lite.ServiceDesk Lite is useful for small service firms to systematically manage customer complaints so that it never goes, unattended.The features of ServiceDesk Lite includes Registering Complaint, Assigning, Closure, Reports, Excel Export.You may receive customer complaints from various sources, such as email, telephone, web etc.Tracking these complaints enable, you to resolve issues in time, and quickly respond to customers.In Service Desk Lite you can record essential details related to complaint such as the customer contact, caller details, complaint description.After complaint is received it is assigned to service executive.Assigning complaint to service executives ensures every complaint is attended.It also helps to analyze and promptly allocate complaint to the service personnel.Complaint assignment in ServiceDesk Lite is quiet simple, you get the pending list of complaints that are yet to be assigned.Complaint Closure is last stage in complaint management that enables you to track the status of complaint i.e. solved or pending.Tracking status enables you to identify the complaints that are open or not resolved and take timely actions.It also helps you to determine the service performance.You can track details such as status of complaint, measures/action taken to resolve the issue.The data in ServiceDesk Lite is stored on

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.074286
Retrieved Text: I tried to return a recent purchase at home depot. the merchandise had all tags and was never used. the original cost of the product was $30+..they were trying to give me only $16.00 (50% penalty for what!!)...i spoke with the assistant manager and then the manager to give me the full price credit and he declined it...what a rude people...they just told me to complaint if i want to...I tried several people at customer service with no success. I think these managers from Alameda and santa fe ave in Denver Colorado should be fired!!! I am not buying at home depot anymore.
Every time I shop at the Home Depot store in West Windsor, NJ I am forced to use the self check out lines. Then I look around and see many of the employees standing around and doing nothing except talking to each another instead of helping the customers. What the hell is going on here?
your new store manager at home depot littleon nh is horrible, he is rude to staff .He makes fun of people behind their backs, treats employees unfairly and show favoritism to some and treats others very unfairly. to bad home depot you just lost my business.
Kitchen Cabinet install NIGHTMARE with HomeDepot-Flagstaff, AZThis was a pretty cut and dry replacement (and installation) of new cabinets, Silestone countertops, Kohler sink, new faucets and disposal. HD required all payment up front. This should have been the clue to go elsewhere. So last October we committed to fork over $20k for Thomasville/Martha Stewart cabinets

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.067385
Retrieved Text: My experience began as such: I took my husband to Denver International Airport for his flight home after the holidays on 2 January 2014. The airport was busy but not excessively so. We had two bags to check and my husband had a roller board and a backpack as his carry-on and personal item.
We noticed that Frontier seemed to be measuring everyone’s carry-on bags and so, once we reached the front of the line, my husband asked the ticket agent if she thought his carry-on would fit. She very rudely told him to “move” so she could go check it. She climbed over the baggage scale and took my husband and his suitcase over to the carry-on sizer, where she roughly put his bag onto the stand and told him there was “no way it would fit.” My husband was very taken aback by her unnecessarily rude behavior. We then removed a few items from the bag so it wouldn’t need to be expanded and would fit in the overhead compartment easily. We have traveled this route frequently before and these bags, even when they are expanded, have had no problems fitting into the overhead compartment. Other customers at the airport commented on the same thing – bags that don’t seem to fit into the sizer do fit in the overhead compartments with ease. While the ticket agent was finishing checking in my husband’s bags, she asked us what we planned to do about my husband’s carry-on, informing us it would be $75 to check it.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.946844
Retrieved Text: Posted July 6, 2015 by Jean White & filed under MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY AND AUTHORITY: QUALITY MANAGEMENT STANDARDS.
I realised a long time ago that trying to assign categories to Customer Complaints was a walk in a thick fog and wasted a lot of time, including my own. Category errors can be a major source of dysfunction in a business, but the pain of trying to fit customer complaints into a category straitjacket can be avoided.
I identify first of all where the complaint occurred, who was involved, then the cause.
Where did the complaint emerge? (the point of use for the product or service).
Who was involved? (including the customer who made the complaint). Consider anyone involved with the application of the quality system (standard); e.g., management responsibility and authority, Document Control (including CM), contract review, ship movement, software development, processes, Procurement (purchasing and suppliers), all of whom are included in the quality system.
What was the cause? This requires Relentless Root Cause Analysis. For example, a review of NCRs (open and closed) could reveal that corrective action was not implemented in sufficient time to prevent the effect on the customer. But remember that an incorrect procedure might not be the only fly in the ointment. Insufficient training could be the culprit.
This approach does not mean introducing new vocabulary into the organisation. The current processes and procedures can be maintained. The resulting information is much more likely to produce satisfactory results for the customer and (more important) prevent the same, or similar complaints occurring again.
It is worth noting that Standards Boards

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.846102
Retrieved Text: Peter John ADDISON – touch plate at National Police Wall of Remembrance, Canberra.
Touch plate for Senior Constable Robert SPEARS at the National Police Wall of Remembrance, Canberra.
Crescent Head memorial as of July 5, 2013.
The memorial to Senior Constables Peter Addison and Robert Spears is being well cared for.
2013 marks the 18th anniversary of their death.
Such a sad waste of the lives of such good men.
Their bravery was exceptional. R.I.P.
About 12.35am on 9 July, 1995 the constables were performing night shift at the Kempsey Police Station when they were called to a malicious damage complaint at the nearby township of Crescent Head. Having attended one address in relation to the complaint they drove to a dwelling in Main Street, Crescent Head. There they parked the police vehicle in a driveway and began to walk toward the front door.
At 1.22am an urgent radio message was received from Senior Constable Addison requesting urgent assistance. It was later learned that the offender McGowan had hidden near the carport of the dwelling and, camouflaged and armed with a high-powered Ruger rifle, had opened fire on the two police.
While withdrawing to the police vehicle Senior Constable Spears received a severe wound to the head and collapsed onto the ground. After exchanging shots with the offender Senior Constable Addison quickly sought help from neighbours. While apparently seeking a house with a telephone so he could call for assistance for his partner, he was also shot to death.
The murderer then committed suicide with the rifle.
At the inquest into the deaths of the two constables

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.79483
Retrieved Text: Acquire commercial accounts through a door-to-door sales program in Southern New Jersey, Illinois, and Maryland.
Utilize electronic acquisition tools to enroll customers.
This would be OSM’s first initiative into the commercial sales field. We felt we needed to identify and hire an experienced Sales Manager and seasoned Sales Representatives in order to effectively generate sales and meet client objectives.
We developed a strong internal support system through technology and management. We hired our sales staff based upon the territory they would be operating from with the idea that they would know the local economy and the businesses who served it.
They may better understand some of the financial challenges the business owners faced in operating their businesses within the local community. Networking, building relationships, and referrals were all made easier through this process.
Results earned the awarding of the Northern New Jersey Territory.
Experienced just one customer complaint against over 90,000 customer interactions.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.785278
Retrieved Text: [RESPONDED] Disgraceful complaint system, rude staff and an overall disreputable company...dont use!
Firstly, I would like to apologies to anyone who has taken out a contract with 247 Home Rescue since May 2018 as their customer service and complaints system has failed to deal with my complaint and i would never recommend this company to anyone. I raised a complaint to cancel my service on the 9th March 2018, which was within a 14 day cool down period and despite an 8 week SLA my complaint has not been dealt with and when I try to call the legal team are either not available or I get put though, wait and then get cut off. I have been unable to cancel my direct debit as I was politely threatened with bailiffs coming to my property! I have since raised a second complaint about their poo customer service and their complaint process, to which I have had zero engagement. This company may well provide a good service for happy path work but outside of that I can categorically tell you they do not deal with complaints or complex issues, you would be better off going to a more reputable company. I still expect my cancellation from 2018 to be honoured and all the money I have paid rebated, I intend to take them to court and will now be spending time I shouldn't have to spend doing this. Detail if anyone is interested, my original complaint... I called on 1st March to report my boiler had broken and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.73817
Retrieved Text: GCI make every effort to ensure that our customers are happy with the level of service, and the products and services they receive from us. However, despite our best efforts, things can go wrong. We take customer complaints very seriously and aim to resolve them quickly and efficiently.The following information advises you on how to contact us if you have a complaint.
GCI have tried to make the complaint raising process as easy, straight forward and transparent as possible.
GCI believe that in most cases, complaints are best handled by those within the department concerned. They are usually the closest to the issue and have the details required to reach a prompt resolution.
If you have a complaint, it is recommended that you raise it to the department in question. This should be done using the usual means of communication that you have with them.
The complaint, upon being received will be raised as such on GCI’s internal ticketing system and you will be provided with this reference number. This should ideally be used on all future correspondence on the issue.
All complaints received will receive a written acknowledgement within 5 days of GCI receiving them.
If you are not happy with the progress being made on your complaint, or wish to dispute the resolution provided, then firstly the complaint should be escalated to the head of department. If you remain unhappy at this point or feel unable to raise your complaint directly to the department in the first instance, then follow step 2.
If, following stage 1 you are not happy with

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.727146
Retrieved Text: Complaint measures are vital for Nestle in order to identify the actions that business has taken against customer complaints and problems. All the types of complaints should be properly recorded in the database management so that the company can reflect their concern about customer problems. In the present organization, suitable complaint procedure has been determined which is required to maintain in all sorts of issues (Dodd’s, 2003). Complaint processes plays key role in determining the areas where improvement and changes are needed to be done in the company and this is also necessary strategies can be further developed for quality improvement. There should be proper management of compliant process so that all the complaints can be recorded along with the solutions provided. This is indeed beneficial for Nestle since it contributes in managing customer base and profitability of business.
With the help of complaint processes, Nestle can identify the areas where suitable changes should be taken place. Complaint procedures are essential so that Nestle can identify business’s capability and abilities towards delivery of service provision. Customer advice is required to collect as their response counts in business processes. This is valuable in terms of facilitating appropriate changes in the service provisions and as a result, customer satisfaction can be encouraged. Complains can be used as a source to improve quality aspects as through that several changes can be made to existing processes of the organization. With the help of such processes, the company can identify how much changes they have yet made in service requirements. This is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.689953
Retrieved Text: We booked Carpet right to carpet entire apartment. Surveyor said 4-5hours. We returned from holiday (to give them space to move furniture.) Complete failure to carry out any of the rooms-the assistant manager was rude and passed our complaint to a sales person. Never again!
We’re really sorry to hear that you are not happy with the service you have received from one of our stores. Fitters are instructed to move 5 items of furniture per room, this does not include white goods, emptying furniture of its contents, furniture that is bigger than 120cm and to move and re-install any fitted or fixed items. Please contact our Customer Service team on 0330 333 3444 so that your complaint can be investigated as this is not the level of service we expect from our store’s or independent fitters.
We had three bedroom carpets fitted and we were very happy with the work.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.647423
Retrieved Text: As the implementation of the new TRAI rules on channel pricing hits its third day today, subscribers of DTH networks are unhappy and flooding social media with complaints.
The DTH providers transitioning customers are Airtel Digital, Dish TV, Sun Direct, Tata Sky and Videocon D2h.
Many customers are complaining about getting migrated to inappropriate packs which are different from the selection they made, while others have been put on low-end or free-to-air packs, in spite of giving their choice package days in advance.
Making matters pathetic, some of the DTH players have gone unreachable, as the ‘speak to our customer care representative’ option removed from helpline menus.
Other customers were also complaining on Twitter about being disconnected by customer service professionals, being subjected to rude behaviour etc. A customer of another DTH player among the quickest to implement the new solution too had a similar complaint.
Frustrated consumers can be seen giving ‘final warnings’ to the operators before taking it to consumer court for disconnecting their signals. The TRAI too has been tagged in hundreds of such messages over the last two days.
Another customer said he was able to reach a customer service representative. When called customer care and asked why the new TRAI pack has not been activated. The customer care person told the customer is yet to make a request. But the customer promptly made a request using the channel selector software on its website and was able to immediately activate the new TRAI package.
However, when changing packs, customers have to make sure that their new pack contains all

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.474535
Retrieved Text: It’s understandable that you will dread having unhappy customers, no business owner wants to hear that their persistent hard work results in any dissatisfied customers, but unfortunately to some extent it’s inevitable. The good news is that how you choose to confront any complaints can encourage customer loyalty and strengthen your reputation for fabulous customer service.
You may feel wholeheartedly that your business offers great customer service, you may believe you’ve put the right people in place to manage disgruntled customers, the right scripts in place to empower your team to handle any complaint, and the right steps in place to ensure that a resolution is always possible. But how will you know that it really does its job unless this path is truly tested? Learn to view complaints as a live test for your customer service model, see it as an opportunity to train your staff and improve your handling. Well handled complaints can transform customers into loyal customers, the competency of your business to deal with issues professionally and successfully can gain customers for life.
A customer that complains is looking to be heard, to have their complaint understood, for a resolution and for empathy for their situation. A complaint that’s resolved well is likely to make a lasting impression. This is an opportunity to make your business memorable to your customer in a positive way. Should they require your products or services in the future, why would they consider going elsewhere if they felt they were dealt with appropriately in the light of what could

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.435038
Retrieved Text: This comment was posted to reddit on Jun 11, 2018 at 6:07 am and was deleted within 13 hour(s) and 28 minutes.
A customer today came to the SD when I happened to be up there.
‘Your cashier on the register told me I couldn’t use this coupon! She said that I could only use one at a time. That was SO rude. Am I going to have to call the store manager. She was so rude to me, I’m going to call the store manager.’ I’ve dealt with her before. ANY slight inconvenience to her and she’s up in arms. And will not let things go. She came in every day for a week once to complain about the same stupid thing.
The SD associate read the coupon. Funnily enough, the coupon said one coupon per transaction.
Having a supervisor that doesn't ride me all day cutting people who can't work sundays Me waiting for management to say april fools and give me my hours back Half this sub is celebrating being fired. Do anyone of you enjoy your job? It's so pretty. I wonder how long it'll last. Also, I can finally get my own equipment. It only took nearly 3 months at my new position. What a joke this place is... To those who keep posting about that guy quitting over the intercom... Never felt better about calling out of a clopen shift. Anyone else ever call out of a shift that's part of a clopen? My biggest pet peeve at work... Ex cashiers Weekly Salt Thread

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.29433
Retrieved Text: NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 27, 2017 – Equifax Inc. (NYSE:EFX), a global information solutions provider, announced today that Digital Matrix Systems (DMS), a leading risk management solution provider, has established connectivity to The Work Number® to provide income and employment verifications to DMS clients.
ADDISON, Texas (December 8, 2016) – Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. (DMS), a leading risk management solution provider, has reached agreement with Madison, Wisconsin-based American Family Insurance to help American Family leverage data and analytics to execute on customer-driven solutions.
ADDISON, Texas (October 27, 2016) – Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. (DMS) today announced that it has formalized an agreement with Austin-based XOR Data Exchange to provide DMS clients access to new permission-based data exchange platforms for use in fraud and risk mitigation efforts.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.269464
Retrieved Text: A former union rep at Hackney Council has lost her employment tribunal in which she accused bosses of racist, sexist and disability discrimination.
Natasha Johnson, an ex-customer service adviser at the Hackney Service Centre near the town hall, was told all of her complaints were unfounded this week – six months after the court hearing began.
The Unite shop steward’s case is at the centre of the ongoing bullying row between the council and unions Unite, Unison and GMB, which between them represent thousands of council workers.
As revealed by the Gazette in November, the unions wrote to councillors outlining a host of allegations of bullying, racism and discrimination and demanded an independent investigation, as well as Natasha’s reinstatement. The council agreed and commissioned a probe, but earlier this year the unions pulled out after losing faith in the council’s commitment.
They have now threatened to strike, and Unite regional officer Onay Kasab has suggested a London-wide unions meeting over similar abuses across local government.
Natasha had been suspended in November 2017 and was eventually sacked a year later, in the middle of the tribunal. She was suspended while going through a disciplinary, and shortly before she was set to appeal over a grievance she had made about “management victimisation, harassment, bullying and racial and sexual discrimination”.
The Hackney South and Shoreditch Labour party “overwhelmingly” backed unions’ bid to reverse Natasha’s dismissal, but an appeal was dismissed by the council in February.
At the tribunal, attended by the Gazette, the judge heard Natasha claim one manager would make unsolicited comments on her appearance

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.165342
Retrieved Text: MANCHESTER � Three women testified on Wednesday they heard Michael Addison threaten to use violence if he encountered the police, which the state is trying to show proves Addison deliberately shot and killed Manchester police officer Michael Briggs.
Ruth Schulz, who lived with one of Addison's girlfriends, said she and Addison were doing drugs together in her kitchen one night in August 2006. They were talking about her past experiences with the police.
Schulz told the court she was convicted of felony drug charges and had not used drugs for 10 years before that night.
The prosecution asked what Addison said he would do if he ever had an altercation with police.
"I don't remember word for word. (He said) They wouldn't take him alive," said Schulz. "That it would be a shootout."
Schulz admitted she didn't tell police after Briggs was shot about what Addison had said until later because she was embarrassed about using drugs.
On cross-examination the defense pushed the issue, but Schulz said she didn't want to get into it with police at the time.
"You know and I know that a police officer would say, 'What started that conversation,'" said Schulz. "I was ashamed of what I did so I left out that whole scenario. I mean we were sitting around sniffing cocaine. ... That's the feeling that I had, very disgusted with myself."
One of Addison's girlfriend's, Angela Swist, testified on Wednesday she was hanging out with Addison, his friend Antoine Bell-Rogers and others in her apartment when they started talking about what they would do if the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.738241
Retrieved Text: Metrics and Models in Software Quality Engineering, 2nd Edition, Stephen Kan, Addison-Wesley, Reading, MA, 2002.
Software Metrics: Best Practices for Successful IT Management, Paul Goodman; Rothstein Associates, Inc., Brookfield, Connecticut, 2004.
Practical Software Measurement: Objective Information for Decision Makers, John McGarry, David Card, Cheryl Jones, Beth Layman, Elizabeth Clark, Joseph Dean and Fred Hall, Addison-Wesley, 2002.
Software Metrics: A Rigorous and Practical Approach, Norman Fenton and James Bieman, CRC Press, 2014.
Applied Software Measurement; Global Analysis of Productivity and Quality, Capers Jones, McGraw-Hill, 2008.
Measuring Customer Satisfaction: Survey Design, Use, and Statistical Analysis Methods, 3rd Edition; Bob E. Hayes; ASQ Quality Press, Milwaukee, Wisconsin; 2008.
Measuring the Software Process, Statistical Process Control for Software Process Improvement; William Florac & Anita Carleton; Addison-Wesley, Reading, MA; 1999.
Practical Software Metrics for Project Management and Process Improvement; Robert Grady; PTR Prentice Hall, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey; 1992.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.6562
Retrieved Text: Down Syndrome Victoria is committed to ensuring any complaints regarding the services provided are managed in accordance with the requirements of the Disability Act 2006 and in accordance with the guidelines for Complaints Management under the Office of the Disability Services Commissioner. Down Syndrome Victoria encourages a culture of open communication which is both responsive and accountable in relation to any grievance or complaint.
For the purpose of this policy a complaint means an expression of unhappiness or dissatisfaction with a situation or any products or services or failure to provide services.
be an issue that has had an impact on an individual or a group.
That mutual respect, responsiveness, accountability and transparency underpin the processes by which Down Syndrome Victoria seek to resolve any complaints / grievances.
That Down Syndrome Victoria members and customers benefit from a service which encourages feedback and the raising of any issues of concern.
That encouraging a culture in which ‘it’s ok to complain’ provides the feedback necessary to enable Interchange to develop and improve services.
Participants, members and volunteers will be reminded on a cyclical basis, through the organisational newsletter, of the existence and purpose of the Disability Services Commissioner and Down Syndrome Victoria's Complaints Policy and Procedures and how to obtain a copy of the policy.
Any member, customer, volunteer or their advocate can lodge a complaint about the service. The staff member receiving the complaint has an obligation to make their manager aware of the complaint.
All complaints will be documented in writing on reception by the manager. If there are complaints of a serious

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.607079
Retrieved Text: WorkPro - Patience is a Virtue- Dealing with repeat complaints!
This may seem obvious, but is often forgotten. Stay calm and make sure you maintain a professional manner throughout the complaints handling process. Repeat complainants are most likely to be agitated and harder to reason with, but in coming back they have given you an opportunity to rebuild their trust. Remember common complaints are opportunities to identify needed improvements to your products or services.
Are you communicating over the phone, by letter or email, through social media or face to face? When writing a response to a complaint, be sure to read over what you have written. Put yourself in a customer’s shoes, as if you were making the complaint. Have you got the tone right? Would you be happy to receive this?
· Match your body language and tone of voice.
Whether you are on the phone or sitting directly opposite the complainant, body language is important. Remember you may be saying the right things to the customer, but your body language or tone of voice may be saying the exact opposite. Always stand or sit up straight, you do not want to appear disinterested or tired, and posture will reflect in your tone of voice, even over the phone.
· Remember the three F’s.
It’s not what you’re thinking! Feel, Felt, Found, are three key words that your complaints handling team should remember. For example, “I know how you feel, others have felt the same, however they have found…” Of course this may not work for every scenario, but it’s

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.549332
Retrieved Text: At some point, everyone in business has to deal with an upset customer. The challenge is to handle the situation in a way that leaves the customer thinking you operate a great company.
If you’re lucky, you can even encourage him or her to serve as a passionate advocate for your brand. There is no getting around customer complaints, regardless of your industry.
However, by employing a system such as the Customer Complaints Management Module you can turn challenges into something constructive and enable step change improvement in quality and customer satisfaction.
Retailers and wholesalers recognise that better management of customer complaints can aid improvements in quality, customer satisfaction and profits.
The QADEX Customer Complaints Management Module was launched during 2012 has exceeded market expectation, with customers seeing; reduced customer complaint numbers, reduced costs relating to customer complaints and has provided all important data allowing them to see how they can further drive down costs and free up resources by identifying key areas for improvement.
The only solution developed by the food industry, for the food industry, QADEX Complaints Module covers the entire cycle from customer/consumer to full investigation allowing for root cause analysis across food supply chains.
Manages multiple sources of complaints from customer care centres, websites, emails & social media complaints, regardless of source, are dealt with consistently.
Access to “backup or contingency” customer care-line personnel available in the QADEX Support centre, meaning that if you are faced with peaks in complaints at certain times we can step in to support at a few hours notice.
Accurate complaint logging and allocation.
Seamless link

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.466648
Retrieved Text: Received 2018 September 17; Revised 2018 October 15; Accepted 2018 October 19.
4. U.S. EPA. Water Quality Event Detection Systems for Drinking Water Contamination Warning Systems. National Homeland Security Research Center (2010).
5. U.S. EPA. Water Security Initiative: Guidance for building laboratory capabilities to response to drinking water contamination. Office of water (2013).
6. U.S. EPAa. Water Security Initiative: System Evaluation of the Cincinnati Contamination Warning System Pilot. U.S EPA Water Security Division(2014).
7. U.S. EPAb. Water Security Initiative: Evaluation of the Water Quality Monitoring Component of the Cincinnati Contamination Warning System Pilot. U.S EPA Water Security Division (2014).
8. U.S. EPAc. Water Security Initiative: Evaluation of the Enhanced Security Monitoring Component of the Cincinnati Contamination Warning System Pilot. U.S EPA Water Security Division(2014).
9. U.S. EPAd. Water Security Initiative: Evaluation of the Customer Complaint Surveillance Component of the Cincinnati Contamination Warning System Pilot. U.S EPA Water Security Division(2014).
10. U.S. EPAe. Water Security Initiative: Evaluation of the Public Health Surveillance Component of the Cincinnati Contamination Warning System Pilot. U.S EPA Water Security Division(2014).
11. U.S. EPAf. Water Security Initiative: Evaluation of the Consequence Management Component of the Cincinnati Contamination Warning System Pilot. U.S EPA Water Security Division(2014).
12. Wei W. W. S.. Time Series Analysis : Univariate and Multivariate Methods. J. Korean Soc. Water and Wastewater Addison-Wesley Pub.(1990).
13. Brockwell P. J., Davis R. A.. Introduction to Time Series and Forecasting. 2nd Edition, Taylor & Francis(2002).

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.464666
Retrieved Text: Superdrug is one the UK’s most established retailers of pharmacy, health and beauty products.
But, despite their long-standing presence, their complaints procedure doesn’t seem to have followed suit with the brand – and can be tricky to follow.
Thankfully, the hard work has been done for you – and we’ve explained how to file your complaint into this little guide.
If your issue is with a product you’ve bought in a Superdrug store, you’ll need to contact the manufacturer/distributor of the individual product to voice your concerns.
There’s no more effective way to lodge a complaint with Superdrug than over the phone. Their complaints team are fully equipped to handle all complaints on the telephone and rectify problems there and then. Alternative channels of communication are currently thin on the ground as their online complaints form seems to be absent currently.
If all else fails, you can always escalate things by posting the complaint directly to them via the Superdrug Twitter account. Check out our guide to complaining using Twitter for tips as to how best to do this.
She don’t know nothing about that. I show her the receipt she told me she don’t know where they keep this. She is not authorise to do this. I asked her tell anyone who is authorise she told me no body here at this moment. I waited 25 minutes there , she was serving other customer but not listening to me and I call the shop manager he came with me and he was not co-operate either. After long waiting pharmacist came and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.307487
Retrieved Text: Customer Complaint Tracking Software | IQS, Inc.
There’s no better source of feedback than from your customers. In many cases, they’re already providing unsolicited feedback in the form of complaints. But in traditional, disconnected business settings these complaints sometimes don’t go anywhere beyond account managers or customer relationship management software.
Complaints are often regarding issues outside of manufacturing and engineering’s control, such as products being damaged during the delivery process. However, complaints could also revolve around product defects or parts or components produced out of specification—valuable information for any proactive organization.
Manufacturing as well as product design and engineering could garner powerful insights from customer complaints and feedback. In a perfect (closed-loop quality management) world, every customer complaint would be routed directly to manufacturing or engineering, so the issue could be investigated and resolved in as close to real time as possible.
Effective complaint management is a staple in continuous improvement. Companies capable of capitalizing on feedback can take their process improvement initiatives to new heights. IQS Complaint Management Software delivers an industry-leading approach to complaint tracking and resolution.
IQS Complaint Management Software enables manufacturers operating in multiple geographic regions or with numerous production sites to record incidents, facilitate investigations as needed, report results, and close cases on a single QMS Software platform.
It eliminates any disconnect for quality and compliance at the end of the product lifecycle. Right on the front-line, personnel can input data into an intuitive platform that responds dynamically with auto-fill capabilities and predefined dropdown capabilities. The solution uses automation to streamline communication and notify relevant personnel with

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.284517
Retrieved Text: And so starts another week . . .
Happy? I think not. Just read where my old gym teacher (Miss Batikis) has passed away. Good teacher.
Have a doable Monday Irregulars. It is supposed to be 80 today but back into the 50's by the weekend.
OKIE, She was really something. A little firecracker, so to speak. I remember seeing her at Mitchell all the time. Those were the day's.
it took me this long to get into our clubhouse, geesh, I was getting a complex! So glad I was finally able to get in!
It wasn't the best Monday, but it was far from the worst, guess that made it decently good! Back to being a work widow, and I've finally caught up and got the house clean, and it is going to stay that way, I can't wait to enjoy that part!!The weekend flew on by, trying to get the hubby packed up and out, and helping look after the neighbors' dog while he was gone for the weekend, I felt like I was chasing my tail. Now I'm happily sitting on it!
Is it just me or is this rude? I renewed a prescription via email at a local Walgreen's. When I got there, a clerk said the auto-reply for my prescription was for tomorrow, March 15, but if I wanted to wait a few minutes, she could fill it. Fine, I said and I sat down. After about 10-15 minutes, a clerk at the counter says to me, "Sir, your prescription is ready." Then she walked away. I

================



======= Instance Index 43 =========
Input Text: Context: Aubrey was working the door at a concert, so Aubrey asked the girl coming in for money.

Question: What will Aubrey want to do next?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: old enough to drink

B: ask the girl to leave

C: needed to get to work

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 46.64232
Retrieved Text: I had the pleasure of spending the morning with my youngest grandchild, and only granddaughter, Aubrey. This six year old girl is such a delight to me. She is bright and articulate, curious about the world and open to exploring it. She inspires me and makes me laugh, and brings joy to my heart and often, tears to my eyes.
We had breakfast together at IHOP, walked through Toys R Us so I could note her preferences for birthday presents (her birthday is on Halloween….however it is never too early to plan!), and spent time at my house, watching a DVD and playing, talking and working in my office together. In fact, it was while I was working that she grabbed my digital camera and began to take pictures, which was the inspiration for today’s blog post. My grandson Dayan did a guest blog for me several months ago. Aubrey is sharing her photos today. I look forward to having Joey, Jonathan and Oliver do guest blog posts for me as well, whatever they want to share. I love seeing the world anew through the eyes of my grandchildren.
I love Aubrey’s perspective. She captured my Vision Board, which hangs in a prominent spot in my office, and talked primarily about traveling to “Skinny Scotland” together. Why she calls Scotland Skinny, I don’t know! Aubrey examined my passport and expressed a desire to have one of her own someday, and use it. What an adventure that will be!
One of my vignettes. This granddaughter of mine loves to stage

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.51644
Retrieved Text: PLAYING Exes At Odds: Is Their 4-Year-Old Identifying As A Boy Or Girl?
Exes At Odds: Is Their 4-Year-Old Identifying As A Boy Or Girl?
Michelle and Kyle’s baby, Aubrey, was born intersex, with ambiguous genitalia and chromosomes indicating that she was 70 percent more male than female. But in consultation with Aubrey’s doctors, Michelle and Kyle decided on surgery to have Aubrey be female, the birth certificate indicates that Aubrey is a female, and for the first three years of Aubrey’s life, her parents raised her as a girl.
Now divorced and with shared custody of Aubrey, who’s 4, the exes are at odds over which gender Aubrey identifies with and how they should raise her.
But Kyle says Aubrey prefers girl toys, girl clothes, and her pink Hello Kitty bedding. “When Aubrey is with me, Aubrey likes to act like a girl,” he says. “Michelle needs to take a look at that birth certificate and see that Aubrey is female. She shouldn’t be trying to change that,” says Kyle, who is remarried to a woman named Brittany, who wrote in to Dr. Phil for help.
How can this child thrive when the parents, Dr. Phil believes, are each running their own agenda? Watch more here.
Mama's Little Boy or Daddy's Little Girl: Identity Confusion or Brainwashing?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.959633
Retrieved Text: We chat with “Cloak & Dagger” Olivia Holt & Aubrey Joseph in Austin, Texas at the Hollywire X Smirnoff SXSW event!! We play Hollywords and find out Olivia would love the superpower to breath underwater and Aubrey would choose invisibility. Aubrey and Olivia’s favorite travel destination would be somewhere tropical. They are so excited to be part of the Marvel family. Season two starts with a two hour premiere; Aubrey lets us know there will be new villains in this new season.
Olivia Holt is an American actress and singer. She has turned heads with her beautiful blonde hair and piercing hazel eyes. Starring in many television commercials, Olivia did not get her big break until 2011. That’s when she secured her role on Disney Channels new show, “Kickin’ It.” Not only can this girl act, but she can sing as well! She has recorded three songs with other Disney stars such as Debby Ryan, Zendaya and Luke Benward. This is only the beginning for actress and singer, Olivia Holt, and we are super excited to see the many projects that she has been working on.
Marcus & Martinus drop by the Hollywire studio! We can tell them apart because Marcus has longer hair and Martinus has a tiny mole on his lip. Their fans love to talk about their shoe size! They hung out with Jason Derulo, they have met him three times, and are going on tour with him!! They met him in Norway at a music studio a year ago, when he asked the twins

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.794613
Retrieved Text: Erik and Aubrey talked about the California Symphony's "Orchestra X" project to better understand user experience purchasing and attending a concert, and the website changes they made based on their findings. They also discussed the California Symphony's disciplined approach to patron communication, as well as their recent Public Organizational Commitment to Diversity across programming, staffing, and the board.
Orchestras are excellent at securing new audiences. It's not a new audience problem, but a retention problem. That's where we fail.
Aubrey Bergauer is the Executive Director of the California Symphony. When Aubrey took over at the California Symphony, it was in rough operational and financial shape. Under her leadership, the company has implemented changes that led to an increase in subscription revenue by over 70%, an increase in audience size by over 70%, and an increase in contributed revenue by over 40%. Using data coupled with a clear strategy and support from the board of directors, she was able to swiftly implement discipline and rigor to how the organization markets, fundraises and communicates with patrons.
Erik Gensler: Thank you so much for being here. I'm really excited to chat with you.
Aubrey Bergauer: Yeah, like wise.
Erik Gensler: So you first came on my radar when I read your blog post, "Orchestra X: The Results." Can you tell me about that project and some of the things that you learned?
Aubrey Bergauer: We decided at the California Symphony, we were going to just talk to people about why they're not coming to the orchestra. And what we did was we put out, the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.47558
Retrieved Text: Not exactly a teenage dream. Maddy Godsey&apos;s one-night stand turned into a lifelong commitment when she got pregnant with Cody Jensen&apos;s baby after sleeping with him the day they met. Now, as they navigate first-time parenthood, they&apos;re realizing how little they actually know about each other. In this exclusive clip from the 16 and Pregnant season five premiere, Maddy, 17, and her baby daddy, 19, go on their first official date together — and end up arguing over how to raise their daughter.
Unfortunately for baby Aubrey Lynn — born on Oct. 20 of last year — things have only gotten worse since then. Us Weekly caught up with Maddy before MTV&apos;s Monday, April 14, premiere to get the scoop on her current relationship (or lack thereof) with Aubrey&apos;s dad, who she says hasn&apos;t seen his little girl in almost four months.
Asked about her pregnancy with Aubrey, Maddy told Us, "I think I was more terrified than anything else. Just because I knew my life was gonna change, I didn&apos;t know how to tell my parents, and I knew I couldn&apos;t support a baby by myself. It was worse because me and Cody didn&apos;t know each other at all," she added. "The first day we met was when I got pregnant."
Maddy claimed she was "basically on [her] own" the whole time. "He&apos;d be out partying while I was at home crying my eyes out because I was so lonely and didn&apos;t know what to do," she told Us. "And then I finally talked to him about it,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.248363
Retrieved Text: Aubrey captures the integrity of real moments. She loves to seclude her subject as the focal point of all ordinary moments. She listens and watches as her subjects maneuver through their every day lives, or surreal moments like the birth of a child, capturing the emotions in it all.
Aubrey lives just north of Tampa. She moved there 13 years ago from Alaska to marry her Husband. After many years of infertility, they made an incredible little lady through In Vitro Fertilization and a host of amazing doctors. This little girl lights up their world and is the inspiration of Aubrey's photography and writing. Aubrey has ran a Massage Therapy business for the last 11 years where she is certified in many modalities including Prenatal Massage. This was the start of her love of birth photography. In her spare time, she is spending time with her family, camping, hiking, traveling and CrossFit.
Nicole and her husband pulled up to the birth center that early morning around 7AM. I knew I had to start capturing moments right away. I watched as Nicole reached over and held the steering wheel with her left hand during surges and the door handle with her right. Her belly was hard but her face was soft and relaxed as the waves or labor came and went. The Midwife had not yet arrived, so she labored diligently in her car. When Mom's voice changed to a deeper more soulful groan, I knew it was time to stop taking pictures and switch to video. I'm so

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.08264
Retrieved Text: My husband and I were so excited to find out around new years of 2010 we were having another baby. We already had a 2yr old boy, but i really wanted a girl now; and that's just what I got!~The most beautiful, sweetest little girl, and she was absolutly perfect.
We were all settling into the family of 4 now, and loving it....then on Oct. 27, 2010, my husband came home in the morning after working 3rd shift, and woke me up saying that our little Aubrey wasn't breathing.
I tried CPR and everything I could, but my little angel was gone, gone to heaven with no warning, and no time to say goodbye. We were, and still are absolutly devastated.
That night, Gift of Life called us about donating her tissue....at first we didn't want to....but after thinking about it, and that our angel aubrey could possibly help save someone else, we consented. I later found out that both the heart valves they removed had been placed in to two separate children; so as much as I miss my little girl, it does help a little knowing that we did the right thing to help another family not go through the same loss.
Our Aubrey Kimberly-Kaye Sagala gave the gift of life to two children, and I can't think of a better gift to be left here on Earth. Thanks so much for reading our story, and I hope that it touches some people as much as it does us and our family.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.012226
Retrieved Text: I guess this is still going to run it's course, with Dawn Richards recently laying into member Aubrey O'Day during a recent radio interview.
"Honestly, real talk, she cool, I don't like it when people go in like that and try to pit us against each other" said Richards "Me and her [Aubrey] used to be mad cool, real talk, but this is the reality, I think we're all different personalities and you have to be a certain type of person to wanna deal with that, because if you like drama then that's your person you hang with, but I don't like drama so we didn't click long enough to hang."
Dawn then continued her rant, stating that she felt Aubrey lost the group money by cancelling shows.
"My thing is I like to be part of a business, if you're a part of a brand [then] I like to keep the brand good, ya feel me? I felt like I had other mouths to feed so I would never mess up Shannon's mouth, Aubrey's mouth, D Wood's mouth, and when you start messin' up my money and my home then I have a problem, that was my issue with Aubrey."
"It had nothing to do with her personality, who she is, she's a talented girl, but when you're missin' shows and fans are paying for you and you're the star of the group, I knew it and I was cool with it I was riding the ticket you know, but when you're the star and you don't show up

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.964725
Retrieved Text: This week’s Money Master is Aubrey Queen of HalfPennyBlog. We’re excited to feature Aubrey. This is a Money Master that has been a long time in the making. We connected a long time ago and Aubrey agreed to be a Money Master. Then life happened and for a spell Aubrey considered cancelling her blog. Thankfully, Aubrey has decided to not do so.
Aubrey writes very personally. We learn a little bit more about her with each posts. As avid personal finance blog readers ourselves, we’re particularly fond of Aubrey’s list of favorite reads. Luckily, the Debt Free Guys™ make the cut.
Aubrey, also, has a unique 52 week challenge to help her readers save money. In a crafty way, it will help them save $1,378 in a year. That’s as much as one month’s rent in Denver or a modest mortgage payment. If started in the first week of January, Aubrey’s readers will reach their goal at an optimal time to pay for Christmas shopping.
Learn more about Aubrey below.
I grew up with and without money. It’s hard to explain in detail, but we either had more than enough money to do all those fun and costly extras, or we were completely broke and trying to pay the bills month to month. While there was always talk about saving money, it was never made a priority. When I originally started working, I got caught in the same trap of spending almost everything I had earned every paycheck. If I wanted it, and I had the money, I could obviously

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.43145
Retrieved Text: Breathe in. Breathe out. As simple as that. Sometimes it's hard to get a breathe in through your chest that hurts so much for the lack of air. Breathe in, Breathe out.
Aubrey and Beca meet when Aubrey moves in next door to the short alter girl. Beca was born almost completely death …. but with hearing aids she can hear somewhat. Aubrey has decided that she wants to learn how to sign …. so that Beca didn't always have to write everything down whenever the two were together.
Just one small problem through. The two girls get stuck in the elevator two weeks after meeting … Beca forgot her hearing aids and her notebook. Aubrey manages to keep Beca's mind off of the closed in small space with her miming.
This is a story of two girls whom meet. Fall in love. Whom overcome communicating issues.
Rating: T (Although I may have some M chapters …. which will be rated as I come to them).
Category: Friendship, Romance, Hurt/Comfort, Drama, Family, Humor, Angst, Suspense, Tragedy, Noir.
Beverly finally confesses to Deanna about how relieved she was when she learned that Deanna wouldn't be going down to Burani. Deanna comforts her lover as Beverly finally unwinds from the mission.
This is a story of how a family is made when Kara discovers a Krypton pod had landed in National City. The moment she opens the pod she is shocked beyond belief on whom was nestled inside. She goes to Cat because she couldn't handle the situation on her own. She went to her

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.123707
Retrieved Text: She is known as a comedian actress. The movie is always relaxing and funny if she takes part in it. She seems light minded but in fact she is a strong and hard working person, who had to struggle for her success.
Aubrey Christina Plaza was born in 1984, on the 26th of June. Her birthplace is Wilmington, Delaware, so she is American, although she has Irish and Puerto Rican roots. Her mother, Bernadette Plaza, made her fortune as an attorney. Her father, David Plaza, was a stockbroker.
The future star grew up with two younger sisters, Natalie and Renee. Later she told that her sister Natalie was her inspiration and the prototype for her heroines.
Aubrey has an unusual name. She told it was her mother, who invented this strange name. Thus the song of her favorite band was called.
From the very childhood the girl showed her talent to acting. She attended Ursuline Academy. After that she entered Tisch School of the Arts, where she got Bachelor degree. During her studying at school, Aubrey had a sudden stroke and was contemporary paralyzed. She recovered but this event was shocking for Aubrey. She felt that she had got another chance and should use it to make something important in her life.
Aubrey Plaza started her career in 2004. At first she was a theater actress. A year later she got the role in TV series “Criminal Minds”. In 2006 she participated in “CollegeHumor Originals”. Producers noticed the talent of an actress to make people laugh. Thus gradually Aubrey was turned

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.985264
Retrieved Text: This isn’t your typical love story. For some, being in the dark is an escape, but what happens when you are threatened and forced to endure the dark alone?
Despite being the daughter of an incredibly rich man, Persephone is her own person. She doesn’t live off of daddy’s money, she doesn’t rely on anyone but herself...until she is kidnaped. Taken by a group of rage filled men, Persephone is helpless and all alone. All she needs is some hope. Nick has been emotionally hidden away since losing someone special. Finding solace in helping others find their lost loved ones, Nick accepts a job to find, what he presumes to be a spoiled rich girl. But, seeing Persephone, Nick’s world is turned upside down trying to save this girl and forgive himself for his past.
Filled with action and romance, In the Darkness is a great read. K. M. and Anina worked well as a team, each of their words blending so well together!
Aubrey lives in the western suburbs of Chicago with her husband, daughter and houseful of pets. After receiving her MBA in Accounting, she moved to Chicago and worked for Morton's, the Steakhouse as a Cost Accountant.
Aubrey didn't publish her first book until she was forty years old. With a great-uncle as a successful author, the industry was always part of her life growing up. She loved release dates and signed first-edition. She was able to be an extra in the movie, Mr. and Mrs. Bridge, adapted from her great-uncles two books, Mr. Bridge and Mrs.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.486553
Retrieved Text: This month has sure been busy. Aubrey's birthday, Gigi was here, park days, doctor appointments, swimming and now this week moving.
I am so thrilled to be moving into a bigger place. Tuesday cannot get here fast enough for Conrad or myself. I am so done with packing. I cannot wait to have a living room AND a family room. Aubrey is looking forward to more room to run around. Little Allyson will have her own room when she makes her appearance in November. I cannot wait to start on that either :) Conrad is looking forward to a larger garage. A backyard. A real one. Not a patch of grass and a slab of concrete like we have now. There is a covered patio. Grass. Oh we are just too excited. Conrad said today that he doesn't think that he has ever been excited to move.
We are bring some stuff to the house on Tuesday and by July 1st we will officially be moved it. Can't wait!!!
I am truly blessed to have such an awesome husband and an amazing dad to Aubrey. He is just wonderful with Aubrey. I cannot wait to see how he handles two precious children.
Amma, Gigi, Candice, Katiya, Aubrey and I all went to Micke's Grove today for a picnic and a fun day at the zoo. It was a HOT day out today, I'm so thankful for the nice breeze and the shade of the park.
I can't believe that my little baby girl is THREE YEARS old!!
It was kinda weird to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 41.32187
Retrieved Text: I have had the last 2 days off and I think I have enjoyed them so much. Aubrey is just such a little girl...not even a baby anymore.When did she grow up? Where did my little crawling girl go? My little wobbly walker. My little girl. I can't believe it. She is talking in "sentences" When did this happen? We went to a MOPS meeting today and I told her we were going to church. She said Aubo go to church. (that's what she calls herself) On our drive to church we pass 2 billboards, one of a $5 subway , and the other of a watch - She knows what order we see these and associates them with going to church. We have barely pulled out of the driveway and she says "Aubo's 5 (that's what we call the Subway sign) Aubo's watch" She just amazes more and more everyday! She is a little talker. She will just sit and play and just talk away! Today we walked to get the mail and I sneezed and she said "bless you mommy" in her little voice.
One more week left @ work. I have finally decided not to say that I will be unemployed but I will become a full time mom. A stay a home mom until I find something that will work out for my family's situation. Conrad started full time this week at Carmax YAY!! God has really watched out for us and I know the He will continue to provide for us. God

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.22868
Retrieved Text: One major aspect of my "job" that I love is being a small part of so many special days. Getting beautiful photos from photographers across the country is so exciting! I was thrilled when sweet Aubrey Jones of Aubrey Marie Photography sent me her work from a recent wedding that I did stationery for. Kelli was such a nice girl to work with and not to mention one beautiful bride! I love her winter elegance and glamorous details.
Kelli and Sean were married on December 21, 2013 in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Vendor details below.
Kelli and Sean are too cute, huh? Aubrey Jones captured their love and joy perfectly! What a beautiful winter wedding! P.S. Kelli's getaway gown? Gorgeous!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.113644
Retrieved Text: Aubrey Haskins is the main villainess from "I, Witness", episode 7.13 of Castle.
She was portrayed by Audrey Marie Anderson.
Aubrey Haskins is a lawyer representing Cole Whitfield's company, and as revealed later on, she was a sorority sister of Cole's first wife, Mallory, who tragically died. Aubrey told friends that Cole got away with murder, and she joined Cole's company and plotted revenge on him.
After hearing Cole's second wife, Eva, vent about their marriage, Aubrey contacted her and (along with Robert James) cooked up a plan to ruin Cole. The plan included staging Eva's murder and making it appear that Cole (actually played by Robert) had killed her, which would send Cole to jail and leave his fortune to Eva. The plan was successful, as Castle witnesses the "murder," and Cole is the prime suspect. Aubrey appeared to come to the defense of Cole's mistress, Taylor McKinley, after she faces accusations of conspiracy in Eva's murder.
Eva, however, got cold feet after her role and had planned on coming clean, which led to Aubrey killing Eva in the latter's studio apartment, doing so to keep her quiet. After killing Eva, the evil Aubrey killed Cole at his home, and placed his body hanging from the ceiling to make it look like a suicide. Aubrey's villainous roles were revealed when Castle and Beckett confronted her, as it was revealed that Eva's DNA was found in the trunk of her car. Aubrey was arrested for murdering the Whitfields.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.73615
Retrieved Text: Is year four too early to start reminiscing about earlier iterations of the festival? I’m going to risk it. Long long ago in 2013, when the Steel City Jazz Festival was a mere day or so old, the Aubrey Wilson Quartet played our first show at Homegrown Hamilton. I only got to see a small part of their set; we had multiple shows running at the same time that year and I had to jet off to a concert somewhere else. Luckily for me though that wasn’t the last time I would hear the Aubrey Wilson Quartet, and every time I’ve seen them since they remind me why they’re one of the best groups in town. The band, featuring Aubrey Wilson on vocals, Chris Bruder on piano, Tom Altobelli on bass and Sean Bruce Parker on drums, makes music that’s playful, sensitive and always groovy. Listening to them you get the impression that every song they play is their favourite song, and that they might just convince you it’s your favourite song too.
Joining the Aubrey Wilson Quartet is a group that’s brand new to the Steel City Jazz Festival, and I couldn’t be more excited to hear them play: The Ault Sisters. Featuring Amanda, Alicia and Alanna Ault on vocals, the Ault Sisters have steadily been winning over listeners for the last few years with both their original compositions and material drawing from jazz, R&B and Latin music, all enriched with the sublime sounds of their three-part vocal harmonies. As someone whose early jazz education involved

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.621525
Retrieved Text: Aubrey O'Day said in 2012 she wouldn't date Eric Trump, but didn't mention Donald Jr. - New York Daily News Aubrey O'Day said in 2012 she wouldn't date Eric Trump, but didn't mention Donald Jr.
Aubrey O'Day said in 2012 she wouldn't date Eric Trump, but didn't mention Donald Jr.
"Celebrity Apprentice" contestant Aubrey O'Day told Wendy Williams in 2012 that she wouldn't date Eric Trump, but she didn't say anything about Donald Jr., with whom she was reportedly having an affair at the time.
Shortly after appearing on Season 5 of the NBC reality show, which was hosted by Donald Trump, and featured Ivanka and Donald Trump, Jr. as boardroom judges, O'Day visited "The Wendy Williams Show." Williams noted there seemed to be sparks between the singer and Eric, who was then single, and asked if a romance was possible.
"No, he's too corny for me, girl," O'Day laughed. "I can't do it. I need a man with some swagger and there's none. Nice guy, I'm sure he'll marry a cute little blonde, ex Miss... Universe, whatever, but not me, sorry."
According to multiple reports that surfaced Monday, O'Day and Donald Jr., whose wife Vanessa filed for divorce last week, had an affair that began in late 2011 and continued through March 2012.
Us Weekly reported the relationship was "serious all of a sudden" and the elder Trump son nearly ended his marriage for the singer. Donald Jr. and his wife apparently weathered that storm for another five years before Vanessa filed for divorce on March 15, effectively ending their 12-year

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.618732
Retrieved Text: Get your first aid kit handy: Aubrey and Dawn Richard got in a scuffle.
The Danity Kane claws are out.
Aubrey O'Day filed a battery report with police after reportedly getting into an altercation with fellow member Dawn Richard at an L.A. recording studio on Monday.
According to TMZ, the two girls got physical after a disagreement, which resulted in Dawn allegedly striking Aubrey in the head with a closed fist.
DK's third member, Shannon Bex was also present during the fight and did her best to break it up, but the cops were called.
MTV News confirmed with the LAPD that the battery "report was taken" and that Aubrey, "was identified as a victim." Police could not provide any other details since it is an open investigation.
None of the girls have publicly commented about the altercation, but Aubrey did post this suspicious tweet on Tuesday.
Danity Kane reunited without member D. Woods last year at the 2013 Video Music Awards after splitting in 2009. In May, shortly after the girl band released their first single, "Lemonade," fourth member Aundrea Fimbres left the group to start a family.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.41299
Retrieved Text: A story in the Winchester Star about the upcoming Where’s Aubrey benefit for the Blue Ridge Wildlife Center at the Barns of Rose Hill (Saturday night, get tickets here) prominently features the Bitter Liberals.
Great coverage for the benefit. Hope to see you there.
This entry was posted in band, bitter liberals, gig and tagged berryville, blue ridge wildlife center, concert, conga, fiddle, guitar, philanthropy, star article, where's aubrey, wildlife center, winchester star. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 40.351425
Retrieved Text: A confirmed wallflower, Lady Aubrey Langston didn’t have high hopes for the new season. After a masquerade was announced, a modiste promised Aubrey that she would add some magic to her gown, enough to have men eating out of the palm of her hand. Little did Aubrey know that she would fall for the Duke of Wathersby, her best friend’s almost fiancé. With a shared history of tepid friendship, Aubrey struggles to trust the man who so completely stole her heart.
Bradford, the Duke of Wathersby, wanted to find a bride, and quickly. Preferably one that didn’t drive him mad. Frustrated with the social scene, he longs escape to the country. At least he did until he met the beyond comparable masquerade woman. Driven with a force he had never felt, he wants to make her his forever.
While Aubrey tries to reconcile her fears, an outside force is working to tear them apart. As another woman plots against them, Bradford must do everything in his power to convince Aubrey that she is the woman he wants. Will Aubrey be able to overcome her fears and be able to trust the man she loves, or will their relationship only be another masquerade secret?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.31537
Retrieved Text: You'll find one of Grace Fletcher's great stories further down this page.
I am 11 years old, I started writing proper stories at the age of 7 but I've always enjoyed reading books. Before i started writing proper stories i wrote paragraphs of things that interested me.
When I first read Born to Dance it inspired me to write some stories of my own.
My story is called THE MAGICAL NIGHT RIDE!!!
Once upon a time there was a girl called Becky. She owned a 14 hand pony called Ollie. Ollie was cheeky and strong, but nice and gentle. Becky’s best friend, Martha, owned a cute 14 hand pony called Kizzy, also with four white socks. Kizzy had a kind nature and trusted Martha.
One day Becky and Martha were going on a hack. They planned to camp overnight in a meadow. They were cantering through the lush green grass with tulips, vines and roses growing all around. The hedges were neatly cut back and everything was quiet and peaceful.
Night began to fall and they stopped under a fine old tree. They quickly set up their tents, made the fire, and sorted out the ponies. It was full moon and every star shone brightly. Surely this meant that something magical would happen that night. Each girl felt a tingle going through her body… and another… and another. Then, all of a sudden they felt something flapping behind them and they were whisked off the ground!
They spun round but nothing seemed to be there. They looked again, and this time they realised

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.17405
Retrieved Text: Having been in the newspaper profession longer than I ever anticipated, I’ve met, interviewed and written about thousands of people. A great many of them — I’m always happy to add — were from my “hometown” of Pictou County.
So I wasn’t at all surprised that a recent question had come from an elderly Pictonian who said he had read my column in The Advocate a couple months ago, the one that marked my 65th anniversary in the media. It was that column that prompted his query.
I didn’t give him an immediate reply. I couldn’t. It was something I had to think about.
Now, after a lot of thought, a lot of reflection, a lot of searching through my files, I’m able to answer.
I confess, it was a story I’ve addressed a number of times — initially in the Evening News back in the late 1950s, in The Chronicle Herald more than once, and most recently a decade ago in the Advocate.
It was partly a love story, partly a sports story — definitely an emotional story of a woman’s love for her bed-ridden husband. It was a story I never tired of updating. After all this time, I still feel a tear or two when I recall the details. Honestly, they were both an inspiration to visitors like me.
It all began in 1939.
That’s when Aubrey Dorrington, then a 26-year-old Stellarton coal miner who worked in the pits of the Allan Shaft, married Mildred Sangster, a 19-year-old who grew up just across the town limits in New Glasgow and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.916897
Retrieved Text: The rumor mill is spinning this morning. In the midst of getting divorced from his wife, Vanessa Trump, new revelations have been made about Donald Trump Jr.'s possible infidelities. According to recent reports, Trump Jr. allegedly had an affair with The Celebrity Apprentice contestant Aubrey O'Day in 2011.
Page Six is covering the gossip. Since filing for divorce from Donald Trump Jr. last week after 13 years together, more information has been leaked about his failing marriage. As it is being reported today, Trump Jr. allegedly began cheating on Vanessa Trump with Aubrey O'Day when his wife was pregnant with their third child, Tristan. Sources close to Vanessa say he even reportedly intended to leave Vanessa for Aubrey, which "devastated" his wife at the time. According to the unnamed source, it was Don Jr. who "pursued" Aubrey into the relationship. He was the one who apparently chased after the singer/TV personality.
The affair was reported to be "the downfall" of their relationship, according to one of the sources. Or maybe not? According to the insider, the marriage between Donald Trump Jr. and Vanessa Trump was in trouble before Aubrey O'Day entered the picture via The Celebrity Apprentice, on which Don Jr. was an advisor. The report claims that Don Jr.'s relationship allegedly was "already in the process of dissolving" and that his marriage was in serious jeopardy before O'Day was involved. So maybe it was already on the rocks whenever Aubrey became involved with their lives? Nevertheless, the couple stayed together for seven more years, perhaps in an

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.766243
Retrieved Text: Press announcement: Aubrey will perform pieces from the Dragon Age 2 soundtrack for it's world premier at the Play! Concert, June 21st & 22nd at Benaroya Hall in Seattle, Washington. Read more.
Interview with CAFÉ COM GAMES Podcast on the topic of Dragon Age: Origins. Listen to the podcast.
DRAGON AGE: ORIGINS nominated for several Game Audio Network Guild Awards including Music of the Year, Best Soundtrack Album and Best Original Vocal – Pop including "Lelianna's Song" & "I Am The One". Winners will be announced at the 8th Annual G.A.N.G. Awards show during the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco, Friday, March 12th.
DRAGON AGE: ORIGINS is nominated for Best Audio at the 10th Annual Game Developers Choice Awards. Winners will be announced during the 2010 Game Developers Conference on Thursday, March 11, 2010 at the Moscone Convention Center in San Francisco.
Aubrey performed at "A Night in Fantasia 2009". Aubrey's live world premiere in front of Eminence Symphony Orchestra, features her stirring thematic collaborations with world-renowned composer, Inon Zur for the game Dragon Age: Origins!
Aubrey and Capcom together, are nominated for the 2009 GANG award for Best Original Vocal-Pop for the song "Out Of Darkness". The winners will be announced at this year's Game Developers Conference. Stay tuned!
Listen to Aubrey's vocals and lyrics on the title track "Out of Darkness", from the recent release of DEVIL MAY CRY 4, the game! Aubrey was honored to attend the Japanese premier in Tokyo, as she's seen in this photo next to composer Tetsuya Shibata! Watch the YouTube video.
Aubrey emulates Judy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.668045
Retrieved Text: Was dating fox is an italian-american disc jockey. As a professional dating service mate your zest for those who've tried and america. Paul delvecchio, 2009 is best known by his fair share of the celebrity dating. Sources say it's rob kardashian, also known for jersey shore. Cast: pauly d dating for aspiring artists in mind. Home aubrey o' day says she's yet to debut a father. Its season premiere of pauly and dj pauly d dating show where speed dating coach, which. Its season finale, jersey shore after the two fist-pumping shore. Dj pauly d and pauly d became paul's main source for his jersey shore?
Her relationship with aubrey without her interest in february. Indeed, and the trailer for new dating show. Radiotoxic and aubrey o'day have called it was https://mrlibertine.com/fifth-harmony-dating-each-other/ pauly d are now? Television personality pauly d delvecchio of the set up. Though she's yet to watch the upcoming reality show, upon hearing that time spent clubbing with beautiful people.
Did you know amanda reportedly hooked up at a new again madeleine davies. He is one of a new again madeleine davies. 'S reality show free love dating show became paul's main source for new dating. Meanwhile, but she and pauly d and pauly d, age, learning.
Love-Struck, in the housemates were starring on another reality show. So what happened https://elledgelandscape.com/ aubrey o'day getting married. I'm laid back and get on 'marriage boot camp'. Jersey shore star met on new reality show is 'more famous' than her relationship with pauly d is. Groupies and pauly d

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.599197
Retrieved Text: Here's a surprising side effect of being bitten by a tick - tick bites can cause many diseases. And if you're bitten by a lone star tick, you could develop a food allergy. This problem is spreading as the tick's range expands. NPR's Allison Aubrey reports.
ALLISON AUBREY, BYLINE: One day last summer, Laura Stirling took her dog Gunner for a walk on a trail near her house. She lives in Severna Park, Md. Later that evening, she realized she'd bitten by a tick.
LAURA STIRLING: I found it 3 or 4 inches to the left of my hip bone and didn't think anything of it. I just took it off and threw it away.
AUBREY: But about three weeks later, she ate an Italian-style pork sausage for dinner and had a horrible reaction.
STIRLING: I would say it was probably six hours after I ate it. It was in the middle of the night. And I woke up covered in hives.
AUBREY: She was itching and scratching. She felt lightheaded. She also noticed stomach aches. So she went to see an allergist.
STIRLING: He asked me, did you change your detergent? Did you change anything in your diet? And I said no. And he said, in the last month, were you bitten by a tick? And I said yes.
AUBREY: After a blood test, the allergist told her she was allergic to red meat and maybe dairy, too.
STIRLING: I thought it was completely crazy because I've eaten dairy and I've eaten red meat all my life.
SCOTT COMMINS: We're confident that the number

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.506912
Retrieved Text: Amazon made its first appearance at the Search Marketing Expo (SMX) conference series in New York this week, marking a dramatic year for Amazon Marketing Services in particular. That’s in part because in its first appearance in a report from analytics firm Advertiser Perceptions, Amazon Advertising Platform was rated the most-used DSP – even more than Google’s DoubleClick.
In a session on Tuesday (October 24), Colleen Aubrey, vice president of performance advertising at Amazon Marketing Services, pointed to Amazon’s notorious customer obsession principle and said that’s why Amazon Marketing Services prioritizes first the customer, then the advertiser and finally the publisher (which, today, is primarily Amazon itself, but also some external sites for display products).
That, in turn, is because if “you build a great experience for the customer, there’s an opportunity to generate great value for the advertiser,” Aubrey said.
Amazon has long focused its customer experience on price, selection and convenience, allowing the ecommerce giant to build what Aubrey called a “pretty engaged customer base.” Indeed, reports say Amazon Prime now has 90 million members in the US alone. And, per Amazon’s figures, 92% of shoppers who start their purchase journey on Amazon end up making their purchase through Amazon.
“Without an engaged customer base, the ability to offer [a] compelling [product] as an advertiser is not there,” Aubrey said.
Amazon started working on a CPC offering a decade ago and has since iterated with different ad products, including text-based ads.
“We learned brands struggled to drive discovery within the Amazon experience, which led to the creation of products going

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.38502
Retrieved Text: According to Deadline, relative newcomers Aubrey Joseph (The Night Of) and Olivia Holt (I Didn’t Do It) and have been cast in Marvel and Freeform's upcoming live-action superhero series.
Aubrey Joseph will play Tyrone Johnson, aka Cloak ... and for the part of Tandy Bowen, aka Dagger, Marvel didn't have to look any further than its own backyard (so to speak) by casting former Disney Channel star Olivia Holt in the role.
Showrunner Joe Pokaski said about casting Joseph and Holt: "The characters of Tandy and Tyrone have always stood out to me ever since I first met them in the pages of Marvel comics when I was a boy. When Olivia and Aubrey read for the roles, these characters leapt off the page. We're so excited to see what these talented young actors bring to the Marvel Universe."
Marvel's Cloak and Dagger follows the interracial romance between Tandy Bowen (Holt) and Tyrone Johnson (Joseph), who come from starkly different backgrounds, each growing up with a secret they never dared share with another soul. Tandy can emit light daggers and Tyrone has the ability to engulf others in darkness. They quickly learn they are better together than apart — but their feelings for each other make their already complicated world even more challenging.
Tandy (Olivia Holt – Dagger) Once a privileged little girl, Tandy Bowen watched as her family was destroyed by a disastrous storm that uprooted her life. Now in her late teens, an unexpected encounter with a boy named Tyrone sparks a life-changing event.
Tyrone (Aubrey Joesph – Cloak)

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.383804
Retrieved Text: We’re pleased to welcome Atwater-Donnelly to Wesley on September 19 to perform a concert at 7:30 p.m.
The highly acclaimed husband-wife duo, Aubrey Atwater and Elwood Donnelly, present delightful programs of traditional American and Celtic folk songs, a capella pieces, old-time gospel songs, dance tunes, and original works. Elwood and Aubrey blend gorgeous and unusual harmonies and play guitar, Appalachian mountain dulcimer, mandolin, tin whistle, harmonica, banjo, bones, spoons, limberjacks, and other surprises including Appalachian clog dancing, French Canadian footwork, and Tap.
Aubrey and Elwood met as volunteers at the Stone Soup Coffeehouse in Providence in early 1987. Within just a few months these self-taught musicians from Rhode Island formed a duo. Married since 1989, Aubrey and Elwood perform throughout the United States and, on occasion, abroad. Their ten recordings receive international airplay. Highlights include airplay on National Public Radio’s “All Things Considered,” Fiona Ritchie’s “Thistle and Shamrock,” and the nationally syndicated “Midnight Special” out of Chicago.
Tickets are $12 and all proceeds will go to support our world missions. All are welcome!

================



======= Instance Index 44 =========
Input Text: Context: casey was in a rush to see what was in the envelope so he tore open the letter.

Question: Why did Casey do this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: throw the letter away

B: see if it's the letter he's been waiting for

C: read the letter

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.10425
Retrieved Text: This is the very first year that I will file tax forms in relation to my investments. The very first time in my life that I’ve actually had real, Big Dog investment income to report.
I’m having to fight the urge to turn tail and run.
The other day I received the small package with the necessary tax forms to file on one of my tiny little investments. I turned the envelope in my hands, shaking at the fact that it was my name, and my address on the envelope. It just didn’t seem real.
I went to open it and stopped. Surely something as important as this needed to be commemorated? I pulled out my camera and snapped a photo.
And then, like the big fat coward I am, I set the envelope aside. I just couldn’t bear to open it. Opening it would make it real.
I have sat at my desk, turning that envelope over in my hands for days now. I’ve debated upon the best way to open it. Should I open it at the top, or tear off the side like my dad did his letters when I was little? Should I use a knife, or invest in one of those fancy little letter openers that I imagine rich people use?
I’d debate for a time then set the letter aside once again.
Did my dad feel this way when he bought his first apartment building in Chicago? Did he feel this way when he made his lone investment in the stock market?
I wish he was alive so

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.76994
Retrieved Text: The Road to Hana: Oops!
So we got our fingerprints taken at the police outpost at a mall, I wrote a wonderful records request letter and on Friday afternoon we popped it into a UPS envelope and sent it on its way to the FBI. I woke up yesterday morning with nice sense of accomplishment - this surprise hurdle was cleared and now we simply wait. As I was happily checking in on fellow adoption bloggers I glanced down at my desk and see the copy of my very eloquent letter to be filed...suddenly two little words struck my eyes like a white hot poker - "MONEY ORDER"! A rush of panic overtook my entire being as I realized our fingerprints were on our way to the FBI without payment!
I sat paralyzed, watching the mintues tick slowly by - all 40 of them - until the magic 8 o' clock hour - UPS Store opening! I raced (ok, walked) down the street, clenching my reciept like it was gold. I explained myself to the thoroughly unimpressed and slightly annoyed store manager. He had the disdainful "you're such a UPS novice" look on his face, but maintained a polite manner and ultimately saved the day - he found our letter and made a new envelope and label and with money order enclosed, it will still make it to the FBI by Wednesday. Mission (finally) accomplished.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.626663
Retrieved Text: Swami [Vivekananda] was sitting at the breakfast table one morning when the printer arrived. He said he was making a circular for the [Vedanta] Society [of New York] and wished to have an emblem to go on it. Could the Swami suggest something? Swamiji took the envelope from a letter he had just received, tore it open and on the clean inner surface drew the waves, the swan, the lotus, and the sun circled by a serpent - the four Yogas wrapped about by eternity, it seemed. He threw the bit of paper with the design on it across the table and said, "Draw it to scale." Henry van Haagen, the printer, was an able draughtsman as well as printer. He converted the rough sketch into a finished drawing.
Thus, this Dutch gentleman gave the final shape to the Emblem of the Ramakrishna Order according to his guru's wishes.
Henry van Haagen eventually became a publisher. He was known as: "Publisher & Bookseller of Oriental, Metaphysical, & Vedanta Philosophy. Books, Periodicals, etc." Henry's shop was at 1267 Broadway. He published Swami Vivekananda's "The Song of the Sannyasin" for the first time. He also printed (in 1897) Vedanta Philosophy : Lectures by the Swami Vivekananda on Raja Yoga and Other Subjects, and Swami Abhedananda'sReincarnation. Henry published some cards. "Message from India...to you in America", "Onward", "Values", and so on. Henry also published, in 1911, Emily Stoke's You are the One.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.868477
Retrieved Text: In the aftermath of the nomination ceremony, Michele explains that she and Jordan are on the chopping block as part of a big plan to back door Ronnie out of the BIG BROTHER House. Jordan admits that she does not really trust Jessie with this plan. Jordan is right to be wary! Jessie admits that he has no intentions of putting Ronnie up, because Ronnie has done nothing against him personally.
In the pool bedroom, Jeff consoles Jordan and tells her that she is fine this week because everyone wants Ronnie out and, even if Ronnie somehow wins the Power of Veto, then Michele is the one who will go home. â€œDonâ€™t have a pity party for yourself yet,â€ he pleads. Michele comes in and Jeff tells her pretty much the same thing (minus the part how she is the one to be evicted over Jordan in a worse case scenario, of course).
â€œIâ€™m having really complex trust issues,â€ Michele admits later. â€œWhen it comes down to actions I donâ€™t feel anyone would stick their neck out for me.â€ In another conversation, Ronnie tells Michele that, if she can pick someone to play the Veto for her, she should pick him. Michele laughs at this to his face, and confides later that she would never pick Ronnie to play for her since he is the back door target. She also tells Russell how amused she is by Ronnieâ€™s offer.
Casey Speaks the Truth About a DareIn a game of Truth Or Dare, Kevin has to cuddle with Jessie, which

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.4805
Retrieved Text: On May 10th, I turned eighteen! I celebrated the start of a new year in the same way I did last year, with lots of pizza and good company. After dinner, my boyfriend, Greg, handed me an envelope that said "Open on Friday night" and asked that I keep my entire Saturday free. I'm not usually one for surprises, but I knew he had something good up his sleeve so I happily agreed. Come Friday night, I tore into the envelope to find a very formal letter printed in calligraphy font that read, "Today you will partake in a Blog-able Birthday, consisting of great fun documented by a nice camera. Are you up for the day?" followed by a packing list and some instructions. I packed a bag of some "dope outfits" (in Greg's words), and went to bed-- excited for what the day would hold! In this post, I wanted to share not only the photos that Greg took, but also the day's agenda because it was one of the most fun and well thought out days I've ever had!
Greg picked me up at 11, handed me a blindfold to wear in the car, and took me for a "blog-able" coffee run: iced lavender and orange zest lattes.
We then headed downtown for lunch on an adorable outdoor patio. Like any good blogger, Greg pulled the car over when he saw some aesthetically pleasing backgrounds for photos.
After lunch, my blindfold went back on and Greg drove us to a dog park, where some of my best

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.08241
Retrieved Text: OCOSBE Blog • Comments Off on Do You Know The Author?
There once was a neighbor who was incredibly nosey. She would sit in her house and watch the mailman leave mail at her neighbor’s house.
Nearly every day when her neighbor came home from work she watched as the neighbor anxiously opened a letter. The letter was always in the same pretty blue envelope.
Each day her neighbor would open that blue envelope and she would laugh, and laugh. Then suddenly she would cry. Then she would look surprised and invariably she would end in laughter.
The nosey neighbor watched this happen, day after day. One day she decided she just had to know what was in that envelope and who it was from. She watched the mailman close the box, lower the flag and go on his way. Then when he was just out of sight, the lady ran across the street and took out that blue envelope, took it to her house and steamed it open.
She read it and didn’t find anything of interest and it was signed with initials only.
She resealed the envelope and hurried to put it back in the mailbox. She just barely made it back in the house when the neighbor pulled into her garage and immediately went out to the mailbox. Standing there she opened the blue envelope and immediately cried. Then she laughed so hard she almost fell over.
Her neighbor said, “But you don’t know the person who wrote this letter. If you did, you would understand.
Scripture’s inner sanctuary opens only

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.80565
Retrieved Text: Well, how could I turn her away?
I couldn’t. Because the fact of the matter was that I still loved her. Heart, body, mind, and soul, I still loved her, and there was nothing even my most determined thoughts could do to change that.
Flexing my fingers, I pushed myself off the sofa just in time to hear the gentle whoosh of something as it slid across my floor.
I frowned, following the sound until I found a white envelope with my name scrawled on it in perfectly neat, very familiar handwriting. There was no address. Even if there were, I knew the mail carrier would never deliver a letter like that.
I picked it up, strode to the door, and swung it open just as Piper was pressing the elevator button in the hall.
“Stop,” I called out, my pulse hammering.
She spun around, her cheeks a full flush of color and her ponytail nearly hitting her in the face.
The way I hadn’t respected hers, my conscience repeated.
The elevator dinged open behind her, but I held up a hand.
“Save me the suspense since you’re here. What’s it say?” I asked, holding the envelope up.
“Don’t you dare.” I took a few more steps into the hall and then showed her the envelope before I tore it in two.
She nodded, tears welling in the corner of her eyes. “I love you, you know,” she said.
“Would you hand me that stack of folders?” I asked my sweet husband.
We now shared the corner office that had once been the location of so many illicit encounters.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.732113
Retrieved Text: On Friday, the White House released photos of the president holding a comically oversized envelope in the Oval Office. The excessively large envelope contained a personal letter from North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, and naturally, the memes and tweets about North Korea's Trump letter swiftly rolled in.
The administration's relationship with North Korea has been a series of ups and downs since Trump took office. More recently, Trump scheduled a historic summit with Kim in Singapore for the second week of June, which Trump's aides expressed worry at their boss's lack of preparation for. Then, Trump abruptly announced last month he cancelled the summit, before announcing on Friday after a meeting with former North Korean spy chief Kim Yong Chol that the summit was back on for the original date of June 12.
CNN reported that Kim Yong Chol, who delivered the letter to Trump, is the highest ranking North Korean official to be in the United States in 18 years.
The published photos also brought up a story that has dogged President Trump for 20 years: the size of his hands. Former Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter called Trump a “short-fingered vulgarian” in the now-defunct Spy magazine, to which Trump responded with note to Carter saying his hands were "not so short."
But given the memes following Friday's photos, you can decide for yourself if it is, in fact, the size of the envelope or his hands that are abnormal.
Here's Trump and the hand-delivered letter in a folder-sized envelope.
This envelope is completely and totally regular sized.
Did you know

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.623684
Retrieved Text: Anything can happen in the blink of an eye. Anything at all. One. Two. Three. Blink.
Chaz looks me dead in the eye and says, 'Why yes, Lizzie. I’m manically depressed because the girl I’ve finally realized I’ve always been in love with, and who I was beginning to think just might love me back, turned around and got herself engaged to my best friend, who, frankly, doesn’t deserve her. Does that answer your question?
It was only when they'd rounded the corner toward the Penguin that we finally sat up, Laughing semi-hysterically. "Oh my God, did you see her face?" Becca asked between guffaws. "'There's something in my hair!'" "That was fantastic, Crazytop," Jason said, wiping tears of laughter from his eyes. "Best master plan yet.
Sorry, Bex," Jason said "You don't have the recognizable facial characteristics - such as a huge chin, or a large amount of real estate between the eyes - that would merit the bestowing of a criminal mastermind nickname such as Lockjaw or Walleye. Whereas Crazytop here...well, just look at her." "Atleast I can blow-dry my hair straight," I pointed out. "Which is more than what I can say for your nose, Hawkface.
Inside the envelope with the letter was a little Princess Leia action figure USB flash drive. (they make these?) For me to store my novel on, since he was right-I never back up my computer's hard drive. The sight of it-it's Princess Leia in her Hoth outfit, my favorite of her costumes (how had he remembered?) brought tears to my eyes.
and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.404749
Retrieved Text: This will make more sense if you have already ready My Letter to Santa. It's Tooth Fairy week. And conversations continue about Christmas gifts. This week I've learned that in Will's class he is the only one without an iPod touch, and Liam knows kids at school younger than him who have an iPod touch. Oh my goodness, the looks cast as these facts were laid out... eeks. Like glass splinters.
Late last week, Will’s first molar fell out. He put it in an envelope. He’s not a fan of licking envelopes, so I suggested he could just tuck in the flap. He wanted it sealed; he braved it and licked it. The next morning, he had $5 in the envelope. I thought the Tooth Fairy was a bit generous, but this was the first double-tooth to be lost in our house. Will watched me closely as he showed me the Tooth Fairy had tucked in the envelope flap. I shrugged, not realizing until noon that this may have been a small accusation.
The next morning I awoke very early and went in to check on the boys. The envelope was still there with the tooth in it!! I scurried out of their bedroom. Thinking Liam must be last on her route that night, I took an early shower to give the Tooth Fairy a clear path to that tooth.
“Well, the Tooth Fairy lives with Santa, so she knows what to do.” I’m sure the Tooth Fairy was trying to help, but she obviously doesn’t know this little

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.077465
Retrieved Text: What-does.net is your comprehensive online definition dictionary. If you are not sure how to define Leap, our website can provide you with the appropriate definition. On this page, you can find what is Leap.
1. cause to jump or leap; " the trainer jumped the tiger through the hoop"
3. A weel or wicker trap for fish.
4. To spring clear of the ground, with the feet; to jump; to vault; as, a man leaps over a fence, or leaps upon a horse.
5. To spring or move suddenly, as by a jump or by jumps; to bound; to move swiftly. Also Fig.
6. To pass over by a leap or jump; as, to leap a wall, or a ditch.
7. To copulate with ( a female beast); to cover.
8. To cause to leap; as, to leap a horse across a ditch.
9. The act of leaping, or the space passed by leaping; a jump; a spring; a bound.
10. Copulation with, or coverture of, a female beast.
12. A passing from one note to another by an interval, especially by a long one, or by one including several other and intermediate intervals.
13. To pass over by a bound or jump; as, to leap a ditch; to cause to jump or spring over; as, to leap a horse over a hedge.
14. To jump or spring; as, to leap from a wall; to vault; to bound suddenly; as, my heart leaps up.
15. The act of passing over with a bound; a jump; a spring; the space passed over in jumping.
19. Act of leaping; space leaped over.
20.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.04825
Retrieved Text: Did you know that the “envelope” as we know it, wasn’t invented until the 1840’s? Letters in Jane Austen’s day were sent folded and the letter was actually the envelope; you can read more about actual letter writing in Jane Austen’s times here. But that doesn’t mean we can’t have a little fun with our Jane Austen correspondence today, does it? So let’s get started!
A hands on craft project by The Jane Austen Letter Writing Society’s Pam Foster.
1 sheet of vintage script scrapbook paper 12 X 12 in.
Step 1. Select your scrapbook paper. I used the vintage script that is similar to the Jane Austen font.
Step 2. I used an envelope template by the Kreate-a-lope. However, you could also make your own template by unfolding an envelope that you enjoy, and tracing on a piece of cardboard.
Step 3. Place the envelope template on your paper. It is important to know what is the top and bottom of your template, otherwise you may have an upside down script for your envelope. This template that I am using is a bit large, so I had to adjust. The script will be at an angle on the front of my envelope. I just made it work.
Step 4. Cut your envelope…don’t forget to save the scraps for a future project.
Step 5. Score your envelope, but do not glue edges just yet.
As you can see, the front of my envelope has the script at an angle, this was necessary with the size of my template.
Step 6. Open your envelope and place

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.96943
Retrieved Text: Terrence Pascoe believes this is an authentic Zodiac letter that was mailed in 1986, what do you guys think?
Wow Dennis that really looks like the real thing to me. I would imagine that anyone trying to "fake" a letter wouldn't have the balls to cross out words or squeeze a few in there. To me it implies some natural writing, and it really looks the part. One question, who is Terrence Pascoe?
Nope, not Z authentic. It is too clear, concise, and includes too much. Z letters are incomplete, scattered, and inconclusive. In my opinion this is a good imitation. also look very carefully at the actual Zodiac symbol, this was the mans calling card, his identity his claim to fame, the one in this letter is sloppy and positioned wrong, the symbol is the other letters is precise.
The first did not show. Here is the random actual symbol I pulled form Z. You make the comparison.
Terrence Pascoe worked for the DOJ in Sacramento Ca. for several years as a document examiner until he retired a few years ago. Mr. Pascoe believes this letter is authentic. The envelope is what looks authentic to me.
I'd have to agree Dennis, it really looks like the real deal. Especially when you stop to think about the psychological complexities behind the blacked-out/misspelled words. I'd have to say, I'd vote for it as the real deal. Boy, there is a very strong Sacramento connection going on here. Good thing I didn't know all about this stuff when I was living there as

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.721292
Retrieved Text: Tiefenthal is so meticulous about the food he eats.
Ben and Janice are always flirting with each other.
My middle name is Teriann.
Kathryn took out a pencil and started to write.
I'm convinced Sue is innocent.
I didn't notice Boyce had gone.
Miki has caused us a lot of trouble already.
I wonder why Shirley didn't tell you.
Call Suzanne and tell him we're on the way.
I've tried to explain it to Justin.
Joubert pretended that he didn't see it.
Old never talked about it.
Dawson was crying like a baby.
Hughes didn't want to play tennis with us yesterday.
What's Becky been up to lately?
Call me when Shankar gets home.
I wonder if Rusty knows Kris is coming with us.
Beth certainly can make things happen.
I sent Rusty a text message.
Marsh tore open the envelope.
I don't like the idea of leaving Maureen alone.
Ragnar takes after her father.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.489586
Retrieved Text: "A Letter To God" is the 1st chapter of English Text Book of Class X of Odisha School Students by Board of secondary education, Odisha. This text was written by Gregorio Lopez Fuentes. The following is the complete text along with Comprehension Solutions For Upcoming HSE Exam.
Have you ever written a letter to God ? Did you ever come across someone writing a letter to God ? People believe faith can move mountains. But what should we put our faith in ? This is the question this story delicately poses. Lencho is a farmer who writes a letter to God asking for a sum of money when his crops fail. Does Lencho’s letter reach God ? Does God send him the money ? Think and try to answer these questions. Before you begin to read the story, try to imagine how it would develop and what conclusion it might arrive at.
The house - the only one in the entire valley sat on the crest of a low hill. From this height one would see the river and the field of ripe corn dotted with the flowers that always promised a good harvest. The only thing the earth needed was a downpour or at least a shower. Throughout the morning Lencho–who knew his fields intimately had done nothing else but see the sky towards the north-east.
With a satisfied expression he regarded the field of ripe corn with its flowers, draped in a curtain of rain. But suddenly a strong wind began to blow and along with the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.375467
Retrieved Text: No one spoke after that. Artyem drove at a moderate speed for the next twenty minutes or so before pulling into what looked like a stonemason’s yard, somewhere on the southern edge of the city. Mikhail could feel himself getting anxious again as the Fiat pulled to a stop. He and Natalia had slid fresh clips into their Brownings in the green Mercedes. Lazar, Nikita and Artyem were armed, too. Still, they were now all entering the most vulnerable phase of the mission, completely in the hands of others of whom they knew nothing except that they were not their own people.
The Fiat drove away, leaving them standing on the soft, sandy soil, in front of some low sheds filled with half-finished tombstones. A little distance away, on the open ground, two small Packards were parked, perpendicular to each other. The driver in the second Packard was smoking. Mikhail could see the glow of his cigarette in the dark.
Instinctively they fanned out as they approached the two cars. As Mikhail walked slowly, about 5 arshins from Lazar, the idea that flashed through his mind was that the concept of “zero risk” was really a bad joke. Certainly as it applied to them, at this moment.
On the other hand, they had done the first job.
The engines of the little Packards came to life. Nikita and Natalia were already getting into the first one. The driver of the second was stubbing out his cigarette and opening the door for Mikhail and Lazar. Whatever might yet happen would not

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.982073
Retrieved Text: The Outlook wasn't brilliant for the Mudville nine that day: The score stood four to two, with but one inning more to play. And then when Cooney died at first, and Barrows did the same, A sickly silence fell upon the patrons of the game. A straggling few got up to go in deep despair. The rest Clung to that hope which springs eternal in the human breast; They thought, if only Casey could get but a whack at that - We'd put up even money, now, with Casey at the bat. But Flynn preceded Casey, as did also Jimmy Blake, And the former was a lulu and the latter was a cake; So upon that stricken multitude grim melancholy sat, For there seemed but little chance of Casey's getting to the bat. But Flynn let drive a single, to the wonderment of all, And Blake, the much despis-ed, tore the cover off the ball; And when the dust had lifted, and the men saw what had occurred, There was Jimmy safe at second and Flynn a-hugging third. Then from 5,000 throats and more there rose a lusty yell; It rumbled through the valley, it rattled in the dell; It knocked upon the mountain and recoiled upon the flat, For Casey, mighty Casey, was advancing to the bat. There was ease in Casey's manner as he stepped into his place; There was pride in Casey's bearing and a smile on Casey's face. And when, responding to the cheers, he lightly doffed his hat, No stranger in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.955229
Retrieved Text: It is not often you find interest in a letter addressed to someone else, but a mysterious message written nearly a century ago has been causing quite a stir for one Kimbolton man.
Owen Spice, from Tollfield, has spent the last 40 years trying to track down relatives of the addressee to return the message, which was sent from France in 1921.
There are many theories behind the handwritten message but not much is known for one reason – the letter has never been opened.
Despite temptations, the envelope has been sealed shut for 93 years and the contents written inside remain unknown.
Addressed to Mrs Carter, the letter was passed on to Mr Spice after it was found during a house clearance in Carters Yard by his friend Tommy Quirke.
The blue envelope, stamped August 16, 1921, was originally sent to the estate office of Kimbolton Castle.
Mr Spice inherited many salvaged items from the clearance due to his interest in historical artefacts as he worked as an antique restorer at the time.
Mr Spice said he has never been tempted to open the envelope on the principle that it is not his to open, although he is very intrigued what it may contain.
The now-retired antique restorer donated lots of photographs from the house, which he believes was cleared after the death of Mrs Carter.
Nora Butler, chairman of Kimbolton Local Historical Society, said the Carter family lived on High Street and were originally agents to the Duke of Manchester.
The name Carter is also mentioned on the War Memorial and in reference to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.932072
Retrieved Text: What is IP address used for?
IP Address is used for network devices identification in the IP network. Let’s have a look at it like it will be a traditional post. We are buying an envelope (carrier), writing a letter (content), place the content into this envelope (addressing for the recipient) and we bring this envelope to the post office (the media). We hope that this letter will reach its destination then. Additionally we place sender details on the back of this envelope in case of something was wrong and the letter can’t be delivered to its recipient. It gives a possibility to return this letter to the sender.
This is very similar to the idea of IP network in case of idea. The difference is in data representation (letter vs. digital message) and the time the message need to reach its destination (days vs. miliseconds). IP network is a media where data packages are sent. Size of the packages are adjusted to the media character.
Let’s say we have written a message in e-mail software like Outlook or Thunderbird. This letter contains of couple a4 size pages. To send this letter, apropriate engines have to split it into smaller pieces, pack into network packets and send to the recipient through the network. When the recipient receive these pieces, he have to reassemble them into the complete letter. So he need to know what was the the splitting order. This is done using sequence number which is attached to every network packet.
So every packet has its source IP address

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.913933
Retrieved Text: Join in the heart-warming story of a little mouse who helps Santa choose the perfect presents for two very special children on Christmas Eve.
It’s Christmas Eve and Jenny and James have written a letter to Santa. The book includes a lovely envelope which houses a copy of the letter they have left for Santa, with an additional envelope within the front cover so that your little ones can also write a letter to Santa.
Jenny and James have left their letter on the mantelpiece ready for Santa, when a mouse comes along and assumes that the envelope is scrap and uses it to make a cosy bed. When Santa arrives he cannot find the envelope and doesn’t know what to leave for Jenny and James. The mouse feels bad for ripping up their letter to Santa and helps Santa by telling them what Jenny and James enjoy doing.
Roo and Tigger have recently written their letters to Santa so this was the perfect story to enjoy this evening. Roo was sad to hear that the mouse had taken the envelope and ripped it up to make a cosy bed. Although she was pleased to hear that the mouse managed to redeem himself by helping Santa select new gifts for Jenny and James.
Available from Amazon (affiliate link), The Works and all other good book retailers with a £9.99, however currently available for around £2.99.
Disclosure: I purchased a copy of A Letter to Santa to include within our Christmas Book Advent.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.666716
Retrieved Text: “What?” grumbled dad as he continued to flick through the post, deliberately flicking past anything that looked like it contained any information about money owed, which as ever, was nearly everything that he'd picked up from the floor that morning.
“Has a letter arrived for me, dad?” Billy repeated, as he slid down the remaining stairs on his bottom. Dad turned round, “WALK down the stairs” he growled, before adding, “your mum is in the kitchen, go and get your breakfast”. Billy thought for a second about asking once more, but instead flopped his arms to his side and dragged his feet, squeaking along the cheap laminated floor.
“Morning, sunshine”. Dad turned back to the envelope marked Billy Brown, 19 Stadium Way, London as mum greeted Billy in the kitchen. He positioned himself on the third step of the stairs, slid his thumb under the crease of the envelope and quietly started to tear it open. ”How's my big boy? 4 today!” exclaimed mum, as the sound of coco pops tumbling into a bowl masked the final rip of the envelope.
Dad slid the card out and opened it up. “Bingo” he whispered, as he removed the crisp twenty pound note out from between the folds.
As he attempted to place it back within the now tatty paper envelope, he looked at the front of the card.
He pushed it back in and stood up, his knees cracking as he did.
“Hey, Billy, your letter arrived”.
A short piece built around the line: "Has a letter arrived for me?"

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.49242
Retrieved Text: On Jan. 7, 2013, my wife Arielle and I were milling around the house trying to decide what to eat for lunch. Being pregnant, I am very picky about what I'm in the mood for. The night before, our friends had suggested the Stingray Café because it is inexpensive and a great value. We love supporting local restaurants, so we headed over there.
The little restaurant was not very busy, but the server was friendly, and a man kept coming out to talk to us about the food while Arielle and I held hands and decided what we wanted to eat. It was a pretty uneventful lunch until we went to pay for the meal. Our check cards have the equality sign on them, and when Arielle used it to pay for our meal, she noticed our server rolling her eyes at the owner (the man who kept coming to talk to us while we were eating).
Noting a "ring the bell if you love Jesus" sign on the way out, and having a brief discussion about what a neat idea it was, Arielle and I continued to hold hands as we walked back to our car. However, the owner, who was holding an envelope in his hand, stopped us. He asked us if we went to church. This was not the first time we had been asked this in North Carolina, so immediately we knew where this was going. We smiled and answered that we don't, and his response was, "God told me to give this to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.415173
Retrieved Text: Salute to Opening Day! | Paul's Voyage of Discovery & Etc.
With opening day for The Los Angeles Dodgers today, the Chicago Cubs playing their first game of the season tomorrow, and my hometown Cleveland Indians opening their 2015 campaign tonight — baseball prognosticators are saying great things about the potential of all three of these clubs. My fellow Cubs and Indians fans know not to get too excited too early (or ever) — but opening day is all about possibilities, optimism and renewal. So, here’s to an Indians vs. Cubs World Series.
And in celebration of Opening Day, here’s a re-post of a piece from 5 years ago, featuring a bit of satiric verse.
I’d like to celebrate the first flowering of the MLB baseball season with a re-print of a poem I wrote many years ago. Full credit must be given to my wife Victoria (who was not yet my wife at the time) who managed in 1988 to get my satiric take on Ernest Lawrence Thayer’s “Casey At The Bat” published in the Baseball Bible, The Sporting News.
I still remember being at the wheel of our car when Victoria told me that some sports publication called “the sporting something” was going to publish my poem. “Is it The Sporting News?” I screamed at her, pounding the steering wheel! “Are you talking about the Baseball Bible? The Sporting News??” Victoria was a cool, impossibly groovy girl — but she had no idea how absolutely perfect a publication she’d landed. And, as a relatively good South Side Chicago

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.40401
Retrieved Text: Casey stepped back into the room, wearing only his boxers, the skin still dump, rubbing his hair with a towel. He stopped when he noticed Zeke watching him.
He dropped the towel and grabbed for his shirt, not looking uneasy in the slightest.
Zeke huffed slightly, not sure what to think about all this. The morning after … he had usually known to avoid that … a one night stand was one thing, but the good bye afterward was better quick and easy. A one night stand … but what was it what Casey expected from him? He talked about it to stay in Miami over summer, to move to New York … Impossible. Zeke was the wrong one to make future plans.
Casey dropped down into a chair and smirked slightly.
Zeke narrowed his eyes. He had always disliked it when others were able to see through his shell. And Casey seemed to be able to read him like an open book. What that hell had actually happened?
“Just watching, Casey,” he said.
“And it was good that way. Not that I would have mind. But I guess I was not ready for it. First I needed to find out who I actually am. Where I want to go. Being gay was only one of my problems.
“Not only that, I guess,” Zeke growled.
He couldn't help it. Too much guys in Casey's life. Andrew. Benny. And now Dylan. As if he could read his mind … again … Casey chuckled slightly.
“You don't know him, so stop talking like this. He's never tried

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.387917
Retrieved Text: I wasn’t allowed to bring anything with me—no paper, no pens, no cell phone. Tamika switched on the light to the room and placed a sealed white envelope on the steel table. The fluorescent tubes hummed as the room slowly brightened.
“I’ll be back in an hour to see how you’re doing,” Tamika told me. “Do you need anything?” she asked softly after placing a small packet of Kleenex on the table.
Continuous rain pounded on a narrow window high above my head. Tamika turned, opened the door and I waved goodbye. She nodded back a friendly smile and then locked me into the university’s dungeon. I heard the door close, the lock click and then her footsteps echoing down the empty hallway.
I hoped this report would help me understand why my colleagues were still avoiding me. I had originally thought there would be a rash of wrath and fury from the department where the fraud took place, but now I wasn’t sure what to expect. The case was mostly over, so why were folks still in a tizzy? I recalled folks being annoyed about the strict program rules and government forms. Were people angry because of the paperwork? Or was there something else?
Still stubbornly fixated on fond memories of my work at Davis, I was hoping to restore trust in the scientific community—especially my former friends, colleagues, and associates. If I could move on, why couldn’t they?
Consumed with the need to understand retaliation, I also wanted closure. I recalled the seriousness of the faces when I was

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.351252
Retrieved Text: “Missy! Rocky! Come ‘er!” Marica hollered.
“You’ve got mail!” Marica said.
“Really?!? We have mail! Oh my goodness! Oh my!” Missy said excitedly while spinning around in circles. “Who’s it from? Who’s it from?” Missy was positively Bebe-like in her enthusiasm.
“Well, see for yourselves,” Marica said as she held out the envelope.
“Oh, yes, yes! Where is my pearl-handled letter opener? The one you gave me for Christmas, Marica. Where have I placed it? I’ve never had to use it before to open a letter. This is so exciting. Where can it be? Oh my!” It was as if the mere mention of Bebe– after her short absence– took Missy back to her own days of wild puppihood abandon.
“Missy, calm down,” Marica said. “Here. Give it to me, please. I’ll open it.” Marica took her pocket knife from her pocket, opened the envelope, and handed the pages to Missy.
“What’s wrong, Missy?” Marica asked.
And so, when they were all settled– Rocky on the hearth pillow, Missy on The Couch, and Marica in Mr. Big Food’s Chair– Marica began to read the letter to Missy + Rocky in MS from Bebe + Gil in NC.
*It’s a sheep stamp. Get it?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.341164
Retrieved Text: The morning slowly dawned and small patches of sunlight filtered through the gray curtains. Shrouded light, softly diffused through the window made the bedroom furniture glow.
Lee Stetson stood looking out the window, watching the sunrise. The sky was awash with early morning vivid red and orange autumn colors that made promise of a pleasant day. He fervently wished his mood had matched that of the sky.
Glancing over his shoulder, he noticed the sleeping form in his bed and sighed. It wasn’t often enough to his liking that he got to wake in the same bed with his wife. He watched her silently doze for a moment longer, before returning to stare out the window.
A few moments later, he heard Amanda stir, and climb out of bed. She padded quietly across the carpet and coming up behind him, she wrapped her arms around his chest, placing feather-light kisses across his shoulder blades.
“Beautiful morning, isn’t it?” she stated simply.
“Why don’t you come back to bed?’ She drew lazy circles with her fingernail across his bare chest.
He grabbed her hand, stilling the movement. Gently squeezing her hand, he brought it to his lips, kissing her wrist. Then stepping back from her embrace, he turned, and wrapped his arms around her waist, while she wrapped her arms around his neck. Slightly bending over, his lips touched hers.
This time she stepped back and reaching out her hand, she took his, leading them back toward the bed.
Lee’s body leaned against the headboard with Amanda’s chest resting on his torso. She placed butterfly

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.265757
Retrieved Text: Post-haste...Mary Kelly with a letter she received in the post this week, addressed to the former owner of her Mary Kelly Newsagent premises Phillip Reidy of 28 O Connell street, Ennis, which was originally posted on 7th April 1971 and took 45 years to arrive. When opened, it was found to contain various used postage stamps, possibly sent for the missions. Photograph by John Kelly.
ENNIS businesswoman Mary Kelly, who operates a stationery and card shop on O’Connell Street, was rather surprised last week when a letter posted in Dublin 45 years ago dropped through her letterbox.
The letter was addressed to the late Philip Reidy, the former owner of the premises. Along with his wife, Agnes Henchy Reidy, he ran a newsagency business from the building. Mr Reidy passed away in 1977.
“The envelope was perfectly intact and the address was written in a nice fountain pen. The postal mark was April 7, 1971,” Mary told The Clare Champion.
“I didn’t open it because there is a son of that man living in Celbridge. He said to me ‘open it’ but I said ‘no, no you have to open it’. It felt like it could have been a relic or a ten shilling note,” Mary mused.
Celbridge-based Philip Ó Ríada, who is currently abroad, insisted however that Mary open the letter sent to his father when Jack Lynch was Taoiseach and Richard Nixon was the US President. Mary opened the letter to find it contained Irish, Canadian, South African and European stamps, which she believes were either due to be

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.237421
Retrieved Text: My handsome missionary is currently thousands of miles away in the Dominican Republic so I decided to take the time to make these open when letters for him so that he always has a stack of envelopes he can turn to when he needs to hear from me. All together making these took a huge chunk of time but every last second I spent making these is worth knowing that he's smiling and laughing when he's opening them and knowing that I'm always with him even if I can't be right by his side. For any of you out their who are currently thousands or hundreds of miles away from someone you love I encourage you to make some of your own open when letters and send them to that special someone. I promise that they will appreciate them and that you will have so much fun making them!
My handsome stud and I.
So I completely spaced to take a picture of my first open when letter, which is of course the Open Now letter. So I'll just tell you what was inside that one. So I sent these letters for Christmas so the first letter had an explanation of what the letters were for and then I put some pictures and a note and of course a little kit for him to make snow. This Christmas will be his first where he won't get to see any snow so I though it might be good to send him some.
So for this one I took some pictures

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.208841
Retrieved Text: It was a lazy evening. I had Quora opened on my cellphone, Fringe on my big monitor and an article about Elon Musk on laptop. Something was not right. A cold feeling of void was crawling inside me. With Valentine’s Day shy of less than 2 weeks and seeing happy couples all around, I was thinking all over again. If you are wondering, let me unveil that it wasn’t the first time.
It might sound weird. But I ain’t quite fond of very big changes in life. I very well remember an incident from my childhood. I was at my dad’s clinic in late noon and my eyes fell on an envelope lying on the desk. Out of curiosity, I pulled it quietly and tore open. There was a letter inside, with my name from a school I never heard of. And followed the details of all the facilities and academics which were not of my interest. My eyes grew wide in fear. I didn’t want to leave home. You see, it was a big change for me. And I didn’t like it. Albeit I have grown to be an adult, my fear has not gone away.
I think this is the exact reason why I stayed at Microsoft for this long. Yes, the culture, work life balance, people, familiar faces, all are valid reasons. But for me, it’s that big change I want to avoid.
Arrange marriage scares me to hell. Marriage itself is a big change. But if you get to marry someone you know for relatively

================



======= Instance Index 45 =========
Input Text: Context: Tracy was teaching Kendall to dance so Tracy raised Kendall's hips into the right position for the next move.

Question: How would you describe Tracy?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: a bad teacher

B: hopeful that this doesn't make Kendall uncomfortable

C: a patient teacher

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.36662
Retrieved Text: This is a placeholder page for Kendall Tracy, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Kendall Tracy.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Kendall Tracy. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Kendall Tracy. We created this page automatically in hopes Kendall Tracy would find it. If you are not Kendall Tracy, but are an alumni of Gooding High School, register on this site for free now.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.18044
Retrieved Text: Tracy Huckfield from PDC approved pole dance school Pagan's Pole achieves 4 star Pole Dancing Instructor Status.
The Pole Dance Community team are proud to announce the first successful application for 4 star Instructor status. Tracy has worked hard to gain her 4 star status and her application was backed by 2 other PDC approved pole dance schools; BodyBarre in Manchester and Candy & Chrome in North Wales.
Tracy (pictured left demonstrating the Cupid and below right demonstrating the Allegra) has been pole dancing for many years having started as a student in 2007. In 2008 Tracy decided to undertake some continuing professional development so she successfully completed an Exercise to Music (ETM) course to further her fitness knowledge.
After completing her ETM Tracy felt ready to set up her own pole dancing school and Pagan's Pole was born. Tracy said "I found that mixing the pleasurable sides of pole dancing with the hard work was beneficial to all involved, so we started jamming regularly and arranged trips to different pole dancing competitions, shows, jams and studio openings."
In the same year Tracy entered a local pole dancing competition in Carmerthen and won the first prize of £1000 cash. Tracy also performed at the Pole Unity event organised by PDC approved pole dance school Vertical Dance. Other pole dancing events that year involved Tracy dancing at the Wakestock Festival.
To continue her professional development Tracy qualified as a Pump FX instructor giving her excellent fitness knowledge in the world of weights and weight training.
In 2009 Pagan's Pole achieved PDC approved pole

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.519234
Retrieved Text: There is an Awsome guy name George, he is very good at his instrument, especially his guitar, he start play it since 3 years old, not force to, he was born to be with misic, and he just love the freedom of floating in music.
Tracy,stop talking when he look up and saw that pairs of sapphire blue eyes infrount of her “I .. A..yeh , ah it okay ,I can take that bump” George say it very sloppy cause he is also stuns by the hazel green eyes she have there “do you need a hand for your stuff ?”Geoge ask very nicely. “I think I can take it myself, thank you” Tracy walked away left to find her room.
After the settlement and a night if rest ,it open day !!! She follow all others and go to the hugest Hall she ever been in her life and sit down with others ,the show beggin , there was a bang presenting at the stage ,the show were Awsome, Tracy felt in love with the music going on stage, she never knew the a group of student would capable of playing music such great than she reginise the guitar guy, it was the guy she bump in yesterday, she imidintly feel so embarrassing about it, but than the girls team show up, their dance steps are amazing and there she is! The perfect girl that stands out at the middle. Tracy just feel so great that she do not want to leave this place for first time

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.155537
Retrieved Text: The McBride School of Irish Dance offers classes for beginners through championship. Boys and girls are welcome ages 5 years and up.
Classes for Brand New Dancers in Tracy will resume in the Fall . Interested? Email us using the form below with questions and to be put on our list for notification when the class will be open for registration through the Tracy Arts and Recreation. Our professional and dedicated teaching staff are very excited to be bringing Traditional Irish Step dance to Tracy and the San Joaquin (Central) Valley!
All Dancers attending classes through the Grand Center for the Arts (City of Tracy Art and Recreation) are Members of the McBride School of Irish Dance and eligible for performances and competition.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.8447
Retrieved Text: Tracy was born and raised in beautiful San Diego and has been married since 2004 to her husband of Hispanic heritage, together they raise their 2 wonderful daughters.
Before Tracy found DanzArts, she knew she wanted a dance company that would encourage and push her daughters to do their absolute best while building confidence and self-esteem; a company that cares about the child as a whole, with each one being unique and with abilities that vary. With much joy, she came upon DanzArts!
Tracy and her family have been a part of DanzArts since 2015. In 2017, Tracy was chosen by Patricia Astorga-Casey to be the Treasurer of the DanzArts fast-growing company. Patricia has a passion for a dancer’s success that is inviting and contagious! Tracy feels blessed to be not only the Treasurer of a growing company but a tool in bringing Patricia’s dream to fruition.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.817577
Retrieved Text: Love Saves the World: Happy Release Day to Twice the Temptation by Beverley Kendall + more November releases to consider!
Happy Release Day to Twice the Temptation by Beverley Kendall + more November releases to consider!
I posted part 1 of the new-ish releases last Sunday and here are a few more new titles to check out!
Catherine Rutherford has been smitten with the sinfully handsome American, Lucas Beaumont, since their introduction the year before. And he appears just as enamored of her, for following his return to London he launches a seductive campaign to ensnare her heart and capture her hand in marriage. Never has Catherine been so confident in the outcome of a courtship...that is until she discovers her would-be groom proposed marriage to her sister first.
Although she and her twin share the same face, Catherine refuses to share a man's affections much less be any woman's substitute. So with the aid of her twin and two friends, she challenges the man she loves to the ultimate test of fidelity. Posing as her heartbroken sister--who is truly anything but--Catherine seeks his solace from an "unhappy marriage" and begins a tempestuous game of seduction where the true proof of his love lies in his ability to resist her charms.
This is the first book in Beverley Kendall's The Temptresses series and is connected to her The Elusive Lords series.
Debut full-length novel. Released November 5, 2013.
Full-length novel. Released November 5, 2013. This is the last book in Tracy Anne Warren's Princess Brides trilogy.
Full-length novel. Released November 2, 2013. This is

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.80633
Retrieved Text: Taami has a Bachelor of Arts in Theatre with a Minor in Dance from the University of Colorado, Boulder. Taami’s theatrical experience includes technical production, directing, playwriting, Shakespearean performance, performance literature, and theatre development. Her dance training encompasses tap, ballet, jazz, hip hop, modern, lyrical, creative movement, and African. Taami received a theatre and dance scholarship in Los Angeles, where she was a featured extra in the movie Samantha. She was a member of the Harambee African Dance Group at CU Boulder, which included performances for President Clinton and the Colorado Arts Festival. Taami started instructing children’s classes in dance and theatre during college.
Recently, her choreography has won numerous awards at local and national dance competitions, including International Dance Challenge, Dance Rave, Spotlight, Star Power, Dance Champs, and the International Dance Olympics. Taami co-choreographed a Holocaust remembrance dance that won several outstanding awards, highest number of points at competitions, most powerful performance and was asked to perform during Holocaust week at CU Boulder. Taami judges numerous dance events around the U.S. including, the Dance Champs Competition Tour in Kansas City and numerous local dance and cheerleading auditions.
Taami is a certified in Zumba, Zumba Fitness, Zumba Toning and Zumbatomic as an instructor. She strives to educate students, both children and adults on the importance of health. Taami filmed a Qwest testimonial commercial about Centerstage Starz. Years of training in directing, acting, and dancing helped her realize the dream of owning a well-rounded performing arts studio. Taami founded Centerstage Starz in 1996 for this purpose and under her

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.66934
Retrieved Text: A successful cheerleading club has moved into its new home after outgrowing its previous premises.
TKT Cheerleading is now based in a unit at the Teal Business Centre, off Dodwells Road, Hinckley, with an official opening day planned for Sunday September 6.
The move follows the runaway popularity of the club and its classes, run by Tracy Tomkins who first launched the dance and acrobatic sessions in June 2011 at the St Francis Community Centre in Tudor Road.
Since then Tracy has gone from staging classes one night a week to operating four nights a week, teaching for 14 hours with up to 20 youngsters in each class.
The expansion will allow her to put on more sessions, opening every night of the week as well as Saturday mornings, ensuring class sizes are kept to manageable levels and ensuring all youngsters receive personal attention.
After gaining planning permission from Hinckley and Bosworth Borough Council to use the former industrial unit as a training centre and gym Tracy has installed new equipment including mats, tumble aids and a trampoline.
There is a full ‘cheer floor’ and a shop - open to the public - stocking all sorts of essentials for cheerleading or gymnastics.
During the opening event which runs from 10am to 3pm there will be cheerleading/tumbling taster sessions running on the hour ever hour.
Tracy will be hiring out the gym for parties throughout the year at a cost of £100 for two hours. TKT will also be offering themed parties.
A number of events have already been lined up. The first is open to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.52924
Retrieved Text: This month marks the tenth anniversary of my moving back to the US. I do not really know if it has flown by or inched along, I have little concept of time, and more so of ten years, and ten years where so much has happened.
Ten years ago I closed my company in Madrid, my baby that I created from scratch, Inter Tape. I had no clue what to do. It was my then wife, Tracy – and I will forever be indebted to her – who proposed that we move back to the US and encouraged me to get into teaching, how right she was!
Our first destination, where Tracy got a job at was the quaint village of Newburyport on the North Shore of Boston. It was a tough winter: I was jobless – other than subbing at the local schools, we were whacked with a snow storm every week for two months, Tracy disliked her job and we were starting a new life from zilch. But the town was very cute and we enjoyed that.
That summer we moved to a prestigious private school outside of Boston. I got a break teaching Spanish at the local High School where one of the teachers had left for the year on maternity leave. It was a baptism of fire as I have said before, but I earned my wings before starting at the oldest private arts prep school in the country, Walnut Hill. For four years I thrived there, growing into myself as a teacher and loving

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.245163
Retrieved Text: Uriah Tracy was an attorney and politician who took up arms against the British after the Battles of Lexington and Concord. Following his military service, he served Connecticut locally as an attorney and nationally as a senator in Washington, DC, for 11 years.
Tracy was born in Franklin, Connecticut, on February 2, 1755. The son of Eliphalet and Lucy Sarah Tracy, Uriah, at the age of 20, marched to Boston in response to the alarm raised by the colonial skirmish with British soldiers on the Lexington Green. After helping force the British to evacuate from Boston, he returned to Connecticut, graduated from Yale College in 1778, and then attended the Litchfield Law School—being admitted to the bar in 1781. He opened a law practice in Litchfield and, the following year, married Susannah Bull. Together, they had five children.
An ardent Federalist (one who advocated for a strong national government), Tracy soon involved himself in local politics. He became a member of the state general assembly in 1788—serving for 5 years (the last as Speaker). His move onto the national stage came with an election to Congress in 1793. He held this post until 1796, when the state of Connecticut chose him to fill the Senate vacancy created by the resignation of Jonathan Trumbull.
As a senator, Tracy played a very active role in national politics. He served on several committees and eventually became president pro tempore in the Senate. In December of 1803, he formed a committee to consider action against impeached Judge John Pickering of New Hampshire. While

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.14528
Retrieved Text: Tracy Wilcox is the Academic Director for Postgraduate Programs in the Business School and a senior lecturer in business ethics, sustainability and management. Tracy also has an adjunct position with the Centre for Social Impact where she teaches in their postgraduate Social Impact programs. She is the Program Director for the Master of Commerce and Master of Commerce (Extension) degrees.
Tracy is passionate about business ethics and sustainability education and she has received several teaching awards for her work in this field including the Bill Birkett Award for Sustained Teaching Excellence.
Tracy has a Bachelor of Applied Science (Hons) from the University of Technology, Sydney, and a Master of Commerce (Hons) and PhD from UNSW Business School. Tracy joined academia following a career in quality management and scientific leadership roles with global organisations.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.129173
Retrieved Text: If ever there was a BASE jumper deserving a “E!” True Hollywood Story, that would be the man you recognize by his trademark “Take Care, Space” signature line.
Tracy “Space” Walker, born and raised in the deep south of the United States, is every bit a self-made man. He was reared along with an older brother by his single mother and grandmother during the early years of his childhood. It was later, during his teenage years and surviving a heavy-handed stepfather, whom Tracy would come to describe as the epitome of evil that life served up some tough knocks. Tracy set out on his own as soon as he was able to fly the coop, breaking a negative cycle in search of a positive life. To hear tales of his teenage years makes one cringe; to know the caring, loving man that he became against the odds, makes one want to sing his praises.
Ask any of the BASE jumpers who have had the pleasure of his company on a jump, or the opportunity to spend time talking with him and you will hear the same descriptions over and over. “Space is the Yoda of BASE”, “He is a guru of sorts”, “He mentors the best of the best.” As research progressed I soon heard, “He is mentor to Felix the glory hound of all glory hounds.” I could almost hear the “booing and hissing” in the background as the words rang in my ears.
In my first conversation with Tracy I decided to cut right to the chase,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.676674
Retrieved Text: Last Sunday Kendall Jenner was spotted hanging out with our new obsession, Paris Jackson.
Like the squad couldn't get any better, right?
Afterwards, a fan account called Paris.Updates shared pics of the girls shopping together, a hater commented on Kendall's looks.
"Paris is so much more 'a natural beauty' and the 'beautiful girl nextdoor' Kendall is already like 'manufactured' she looks more like a fixed doll sooo...plastic."
Um, rude. But, Kendall's new BFF wasn't having it, commenting back to the user just how gorgeous Kendall really is.
"To my knowledge she hasn't gotten any procedures done so unless you know that for a fact i don't think it's very fair to call her plastic. she definitely has that total natural beauty thing going on. just my opinion."
We'll take Paris' word for it, but more importantly... we're SO here for this new friendship.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.67045
Retrieved Text: Tracy is very knowledgeable,patient,and easy to work with.
Tracy is very knowledgeable,patient,and easy to work with. There was a lapse of time when we could not decide to remodel our home or move. Tracy contacted us at the right time. She was so patient with us. We would have made a great reality show!! With Tracy’s perfect fit for us we listed our house and sold it. She made it easy for us. She sends an easy ear too! I highly recommend Tracy !!!!!!!!!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.661892
Retrieved Text: Born in Nashville and raised in San Antonio, Tracy moved to Asheville in 1992 shortly after graduating from Baylor University. Before becoming a broker with Preferred Properties, she worked as a fund-raising and marketing professional for several large non-profits, including United Way and the YMCA -- experiences which helped her refine her customer service, sales and communication skills. Although she has changed professions, Tracy continues to be involved, and volunteers regularly at her children's school, where she enjoys reading with kids in the classroom and co-chairing the annual book fair. Prior to that, she volunteered for many years with the school's outreach program to low-income families. In addition to serving on the Claxton Elementary PTO, she has also been a board member of several community organizations, including the Junior League of Asheville and the Verner Center for Early Learning. Tracy and her husband reside in North Asheville with their two children. She has bought and sold several homes, including rentals, as well as gone through the building process on her current residence. Her years of living, working and volunteering in Asheville make her a great resource for those looking to buy and sell real estate in the area.
Tracy was very engaged in our property sale from consideration of initial options through the prep for sale and placing the property on the market. We asked many questions and had a lot of interaction with Tracy and she was always very responsive and helpful in guiding us. She had excellent contractor connections where we needed them. She made

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.559013
Retrieved Text: On past episodes of her family's reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Kendall Jenner has voiced her concern and fears of stalkers. The model has suffered emotional abuse at the hands of a stalker in the past. Court documents obtained by Daily Mail show that a 62-year-old man by the name of Thomas Hummel had been stalking Kendall for months sending her alarming letters. In one letter he writes that Kendall has been in love with him since she the tender age of two, claiming that they met in the post office in 2008, and at Costco in 1998. In another, Hummel states that Kendall is an "internet w**re', who is 'cackling her way through life" says "[her] behavior puerile and self-centered."
Kendall was able to get a restraining order against Hummel, but unfortunately, it seems her stalker related troubles are far from over. 37-year-old Canadian citizen John Ford has continued to pursue Kendall despite being charged with trespassing in Kendall's gated community and being ordered to stay 1,000 feet away from it all times. Ford was able to enter Kendall's heavily guarded compound by scaling a mountainside located behind the complex, where the security was apparently non-existent. Ford was reportedly first spotted sitting by Kendall's pool, and then sitting on her porch the next day. Security is said to have been unable to capture Ford and he was able to get away before police arrived on the scene.
TMZ reports that now, security in the gated community has been reinforced, with new guards located along the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.488083
Retrieved Text: Leading the way, Evans pitched a three-hit shutout against Tracy, and Quiralte went 5 for 7 at the plate – including the game-winning hit in the bottom of the seventh against Woodcreek and a solo homer in the sixth against Tracy.
The Bears face Rocklin at 5 p.m. today in a winners’ bracket game. The victor advances to the winners’ bracket final Tuesday; the loser will play an elimination game at 7 tonight.
On Saturday, Merced won by changing its style.
The Bears steamrolled their way to a 15-0 run in March and April to capture their fourth consecutive Central California Conference championship. Against CCC teams in that span, Merced outscored its opponents 141-17.
Merced coach Bart McAfee rarely had to give a bunt sign. He gave it early and often Saturday.
“We played a lot of good small ball (Saturday),” McAfee said. “We really haven’t bunted all year because we didn’t have to. We bunted five or six times in our first game (Saturday), and it worked. It helped us.
Katelynn Gietler sacrificed twice to move leadoff hitter Rheanne Lewis into scoring position against Woodcreek. It paid off both times when Madilyn Nickles and Evans each drove in Lewis to help the Bears build a 3-1 lead against the Timberwolves after three innings.
The Bears didn’t beat Woodcreek easily after the Timberwolves scored two runs in the top of the seventh to tie it 3-3.
Lewis then led off the bottom of the seventh with a walk. After a Gietler single, Evans bunted both runners into scoring position.
Woodcreek coach Jeff Fischer then decided

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.07907
Retrieved Text: After owning the runways at New York, Milan, and Paris fashion weeks, the ultimate model girl pack that is Kendall Jenner, Cara Delevingne, and Gigi Hadid, have been spending some time apart. The gorgeous BFFs have all been busy working on their own amazing projects, but clearly, they've been missing each other, because last night, the whole crew was reunited at Chanel designer Karl Lagerfeld's tres chic boat party in NYC, and it was epic! We're talking total bestie love fest!
Although Kendall and Gigi spent some quality time together while posing with Justin Bieber and Ansel Elgort for Vogue this month, Cara has been taking a break from modeling to film her upcoming movie Paper Towns. And kind of like you do after your bestie comes back from being at camp all summer, Cara basically attacked Kendall as soon as she saw her.
Then Gigi jumped in on the BFF bear hug and all was right in the world again.
Clearly, the trio couldn't have been happier to be back together again. Nevermind that they were on a boat, or that all of the most fabulous of the fashion elite were on-hand, Cara was excited to see her besties and she was getting her Kendall-Gigi sandwich, whether those fancy fashion people were giving her side-eye or not.
Are they not the cutest/most beautiful besties alive? It'd be easy to hate them if you didn't really just want to be their BFF, too!
Joining the model reunion were Biebs' rumored GF Hailee Baldwin and Gigi's little sis Bella Hadid.
Katy Perry also

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.92584
Retrieved Text: Today is the start of Spring, which also marks a very significant change at the Studio, as Eoin McCarthy, Tracy Alamanos and Leah Kazuko Casey will all be leaving this week to teach from a new studio space.
While this is a sad parting in many ways, it is also important that as teachers we are individually pursuing a path that feels right for the times.
What we all hold strong and true though is the needs and welfare of you the student at heart. It is extremely important to us, Eoin, Tracy and Leah that the change need not create a sense of division and anxiety and that a decision to either stay on here or move with the teachers will be respected by all.
We would like to take this opportunity to express our deepest gratitude to Eoin, Tracy and Leah for their many years of dedication to the students at our beloved Studio and although sad to see you go, we truly wish you, and all who travel with you, the very best with your adventure.
Eoin’s final class for us is his led practice, tomorrow on Fri Sept 2 at 6am – after almost 9 years’ dedicated service! From a personal point of view we are particularly grateful for his support over those years as it enabled us to take a step back from teaching and be more available to fulfill our family responsibilities. As such a strong influence in the lives of so many students, Eoin will forever be a profound part of our teaching

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.785442
Retrieved Text: CORONATION Street fans spotted something strange about loveable Mary Taylor on Friday.
Coronation Street viewers were quick to call out Mary Taylor on her comments about Tracy Barlow on Friday.
During the first of two visits to Weatherfield on Friday, the loveable granny was looking after son Jude’s child, and clearly enjoying spending time with the tot.
Yet the florist, who is employed by newlywed Tracy Barlow, raised eyebrows as she offered her reason for her time away from the flower shop.
She told her family: “Tracy thinks I’m on a delivery,” indicating her no-nonsense boss was back at base manning the fort.
Yet, as fans well know, the mum of one hot footed it to Morocco in hot pursuit of her charting husband.
Steve’s love rat ways were exposed in sensational fashion on their wedding day, when Tracy traded in their Dirty Dancing themed wedding dance in favour of giving Simon Gregson’s character a slap in the face.
With her sunning herself half way across the world, fans mused how Kate Ford's character could be in two places at once.
One took to Twitter to write: “I'm slightly confused.
Meanwhile, others were preoccupied with Steve and Tracy’s only daughter, Amy.
The schoolgirl still appears to be recovering in hospital from the broken arm that caused her to miss their wedding earlier this month.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.743134
Retrieved Text: Ford's been ordered by the judge to stay 100 yards away from Kendall and her home.
Kendall Jenner isn't taking any chances on her latest obsessed fan after he made his way onto her property -- 3 times already -- 'cause she just got a restraining order against him.
Kendall filed for and got a temporary restraining order Friday against 37-year-old Canadian citizen John Ford, who was placed on a 5150 psychiatric hold earlier this week.
We broke the story ... Ford was arrested Tuesday after Kendall's security team found him sitting on her front porch after he'd apparently scaled the unsecured mountainside leading up to her home. They called the cops and nabbed him before he could escape.
This is Ford's third incident of trespassing at Kendall's place. He was arrested last month for the same thing, and a criminal protective order was put in place to keep him the hell away from Kendall's gated community. He ignored that and came back twice more this month -- once ending up by her pool and another time ending up on her porch.
Now, Kendall's upped the ante by getting a civil restraining order to keep Ford away from Kendall's gated community.
Ford is being held on $56,000 bail.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.737484
Retrieved Text: Zach, Erica and Ryan agree on one thing - Greenlee stole Spike! Jack isn't so sure. Kendall learns the truth about Spike.
Jack and Erica are kissing all the way through the airport, both in their own world. She tells Jack she likes their illicit affair and isn't looking forward to getting back together for real. Pam walks in with Josh. He tells them about Kendall's labor and missing Spike, shocking Jack and Erica.
Joe introduces Zach to the specialist they've brought in to treat Kendall. They begin talking about different medical approaches but all Zach can think about is Kendall, who is sleeping. Kendall wakes, worried about the baby. Joe reassures her that the baby is fine. They tell her about the specialist which panics Kendall. Zach sits with her, saying the specialist is just a precaution and that the baby is fine. The specialist returns and begins to examine Kendall.
In the lobby, Babe is watching a television report about Kendall and Spike. Di and Annie arrive, worried that Greenlee has finally gone off the deep end. They ask about Kendall. Ryan walks in with Tad and Aidan. Annie runs to him, telling Ryan to be positive. Tad fills Di in on the police search and Aidan reassures Ryan. Zach and Joe come out to tell the gathering about Kendall. Zach asks them all to keep the news about Spike out of Kendall's room. Jonathan walks in, offering to help look for the baby. Aidan asks Annie and Di to come with him to the police station.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.654152
Retrieved Text: As Jason watched Liz walk back to the nurse's station, he wasn't sure if he should be happy or worried. He needed to tell her about his new role in the organization. He was smart enough not to discuss it at the hospital, and they made plans to meet at the safe house for a late dinner. Lulu had offered to babysit Jake and Cam for the night, stating that she was bored. Liz, however, had her suspicions that Lulu was trying to keep herself occupied in order to forget Johnny. No matter what her motive was, Liz was not about to pass on the offer. Jason was hoping that Liz would still want to be with him, even in his new role.
For the moment, Jason let his mind drift with the thought of holding her in his arms. The longing must have showed on his face as his aunt Tracy approached.
"Let me guess," she started. "She's going to be next in your harem?"
Jason took a deep breath and turned to face her.
"Look, I don't know much about Liz, but she seems to be a good person and a decent mother." Jason nodded and Tracy continued, "Why don't you stick to your strippers and con artist? Please, Please don't let this girl fall in love with you only to ruin her life."
Jason looked down trying to gather his thoughts. Tracy knew that sign, that old familiar habit. Even as a boy, Jason would always look down at his shoes as if he was wondering if he

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.624996
Retrieved Text: Where can we even begin with Tracy? She was our first choice for a real estate agent and we couldn’t be happier with our decision. My mother sold her home to move in with us as we bought our first home. Tracy handled selling my mothers home and was SO SO SO knowledgabel. She gave great tips for selling my mom’s home and it sold in ONE DAY. ONE DAAAAAAY! As far as buying our first home, She was patient and super helpful while we were searching– and was a SHARK when it came to contract time. There were 7 other offers on the home we fell in love with, and she pulled out ALL THE STOPS to make sure we got into that home. She was quick to respond, and I NEVER felt the need to “remind” her about anything… I knew she would take care of everything and anything we needed. We highly recommend Tracy to anyone who will listen to us and will continue to do so. If we ever move again- Tracy will be our real estate agent!!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.620792
Retrieved Text: Moving on a budget? Below is a list of affordable Tracy movers that provide quality moving services at low rates. Select the 'Get Quotes' button to fill out a quote form. You will receive up to seven free estimates from professional moving companies in Tracy, CA.
Read real customer reviews and compare moving estimates from our pre-screened and fully-insured Tracy moving companies. We also provide moving company profiles with photos, services offered, license numbers and contact information. Determine which Tracy mover best suits your needs and save on your next move.
Really good, I ended up using them twice.
I actually ended up using them twice. They were really good, They had everything they need and they were careful. They showed up when they were supposed to and finished quickly.
A bunch of our things are damaged.
Everything was excellent with the exception of he lost his tool which had the screws to my table in it. So I lost the screws to my dining room table but other than that it was a good experience.
They were good in packing and wrapping and moving and then acknowledging us in the end, "was everything alright?" Pretty good.
Submit information, such as move date and size of the move, on our easy online form. We will help you locate the best moving companies near Tracy, CA.
Get FREE, no obligation moving quotes from professional movers in our network. All Tracy moving companies are pre-screened, licensed and insured.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.480984
Retrieved Text: To claim this profile, please confirm you are Kendall Calderone.
To follow this profile, please let us know your relationship to Kendall Calderone.
Kendall's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win @ Cherokee Trail.
The Cherry Creek varsity lacrosse team won Friday's away conference game against Cherokee Trail (Aurora, CO) by a score of 19-1.
Kendall's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win vs. St. Ignatius.
Kendall's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win @ Eaglecrest.
Kendall had 1 photo tagged from the game against Regis Jesuit.
Kendall's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win @ Mullen.
Kendall's lacrosse stats have been updated for the win @ Dakota Ridge.
Kendall had 5 photos tagged from the game against Dakota Ridge.
Kendall has been added to the Cherry Creek girls lacrosse roster.
RESULTLoss Varsity field hockey vs. Regis Jesuit.
The Cherry Creek varsity field hockey team lost Thursday's neutral playoff game against Regis Jesuit (Aurora, CO) in overtime by a score of 2-1.
This game is part of the "2018 CHSAA State Field Hockey Championships - State Field Hockey" tournament.
Kendall has been selected to the CHSAA/MaxPreps All-State Honorable Mention - CHSAA/MaxPreps All-State Honorable Mention.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.4542
Retrieved Text: A lively crowd gathered at the Hilton Americas-Houston for the Rice Design Alliance Gala on Saturday night. More than 900 attendees flooded the downtown hotel's fourth-floor foyer to peruse the auction offerings during cocktail hour.
This year's "DRAW" theme shone inside the grand ballroom. Twenty-five floor-to-ceiling images of iconic skyscrapers including Enron Center South and the Houston Industries Tower adorned the walls. Projections of Etch A Sketch-style drawings streamed continuously in each corner, while interactive tablescapes of pencils and graph paper scrolls invited guests to unleash their creative prowess during the three-course feast.
The short-but-sweet program, spearheaded by gala chair Barbara Amelio and underwriting chair Julie Gauthier, was punctuated by a touching video presentation in remembrance of the late 2014 RDA Award for Design Excellence recipient, William D. Kendall.
Gerald Hines, Tom Owens, Jerry Lea, John Mooz, Cesar Pelli, Jon Pickard and Bill Chilton all gave remarks. One colleague recalled an instance when Kendall launched into an impromptu recitation of Edgar Allan Poe's "The Raven" during a meeting.
Kendall's wife, Sharon, accepted the honor on his behalf before Yvonne Washington and the Mix drew attendees in for an all-night dance party.
In total, the soiree raised nearly $575,000 for the Rice Design Alliance's 2015 educational programs.
In the crowd: Honorary chairs Barbara and Gerald D. Hines, Wendy and Jeff Hines, Jory Alexander, Wayne Braun, Carrie Glassman Shoemake, Craig Minor, Sarah Whiting, and Y. Ping Sun and David Leebron.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.417038
Retrieved Text: TRACY -- With voters headed to the polls in just four days, it's garden-variety mud that's being slung in many a race. Some say in Tracy, it's worse.
"This particular post was incredibly hateful. it was really demeaning toward the LGBT community," said Tracy city council candidate, Dan Arriola.
If you live in Tracy, Arriola wants to be your next city councilman.
But the folks behind the blog post on the apparently now defunct realtracynews.com don't want that to happen, and when their page was online, seemed perfectly willing to suggest their -- assumption of Arriola's sexuality -- is a good reason for voters to make another choice.
The blog post featured a picture of the candidate next to a sign for Los Angeles' Gay Pride Parade, asking ‘how will Arriola protect Tracy's family values if he keeps hiding who he really is?’.
"We need to set the standard today for how this entire community moves forward. and we can't tolerate these things today because they'll just continue. So, we need to stand up and show that we're only going to do things correctly; that we're going to have integrity and that we're going to move forward and not do such despicable things," Arriola stated.
Friday night, the San Joaquin Pride Center rallied against hate and in support of the deputy district attorney at city hall.
"The Tracy POA is utterly disgusted with this immoral and unethical attack on an individual because of their sexual or perceived sexual orientation. The Tracy POA stands side by side with Dan Arriola for Tracy City Council

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.415966
Retrieved Text: These four moves target your hips with the bonus perks of strengthening and shrinking your belly.
Let’s be honest, Jennifer Lopez has never shied away from showing off her incredibly toned physique. Case in point: At the 2011 British Academy of Film and Television Arts Awards, the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards, and last year at her Southhampton, N.Y., birthday bash Jenny from the block sizzled unapologetically in body-bearing cutout dresses. So we weren’t surprised when the Shades of Blue actress rocked a mini frock in her go-to silhouette at a recent American Idol taping. What did leave us awestruck: the 46 year-old’s AB-solutely fabulous midsection.
Has the Bronx native inspired you to switch up (or start) your stomach-sculpting routine? Us too. Good thing we have her trainer, Tracy Anderson, who is also Health’s contributing fitness editor, on speed dial. In this workout designed by Anderson exclusively for Health, she shares four toners that target your hips with the bonus perks of strengthening and shrinking your belly. Do these moves six days a week along with 30 to 60 minutes of cardio and get ready to reveal your own flat belly. Move over, J.Lo!
Train with Tracy Anderson at the Health Total Wellness Weekend at Canyon Ranch April 22-24. For details, go to Health.com/TotalWellness.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.39874
Retrieved Text: Perfect for those dark winter evenings!. Tracy Lewis has been drawing and dreaming about homes and houses since she was 5 years old. Her ceramic house lanterns are one of a kind, created with warmth and whimsy, using paper clay.
Tracy graduated from Emily Carr College in 1988 with a BFA in Film Animation. She worked as an independent animator for many years on several NFB films, and as a mentor for many fledgling animators in remote communities such as Bella Coola and Old Crow, via Reel to Real, Bite Sized Media, and the NFB.
Since moving to Vancouver Island, Tracy has been teaching art and animation to young children from her home. Each summer, she invites groups of 6 children to a one week session of Animation Camp.
It's super fun! Folk Art has always been of interest to her and you may be so lucky to own one of her wooden flip toys, or one of her free standing or flying angels, or a duck, goose, or penguin flapping push toy.
Tracy has a line of greeting cards, and has illustrated 3 children's books. You never know what she'll make next, but you can be sure that it will be animated!
Tracy is a recent empty-nester, living in the Cowichan Valley.

================



======= Instance Index 46 =========
Input Text: Context: Remy gave Robin the feeling of love by having sex with her in bed.

Question: How would Remy feel afterwards?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: as normal

B: as ordinary

C: horny

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.210615
Retrieved Text: . The Ugly: Bellami This is really why it's taken me so long to try I've never tried before. Find great deals on eBay for inch UK Real Long Clip in not dyeing the whole at first. before dyeing the See more of B'long by logging into Facebook.. I absolutley having long again.in fact. & after photos to come of the weft. Find great deals on eBay for clip in and human long clip in long clip in extensions black long clip in Hey everyone so this a review on a brand of that i havent tried before and.
Long Clip in Review 24-26. Miley Cyrus' Wasn't Real. "I have 350 in my Cyrus told Brown.. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of. Pro offers an easy way to add length. & After; Videos; Contests; Newsletters;. Enjoy Long, Beautiful Tomorrow. Win a ProX AiryHair's Remy micro loop are easy. anyone longing for a reliable alternative for long, lustrous micro ring loop hair 2. Our Clip in extensions are made of 100% human remy with natural feeling,Clip on are. 26 inch 4/27 Clip in 200g.. Get longer, fuller than ever with Luxy clip-in High-quality. Clip-in Luxy are 20" in length.
26 inch Our complete range of clip in or bonded products in inches (66 cm) length. Home;. Colour Chart. . Straight Medium Brown Wrap Ponytail Clip in Pony Tail Poplar. Length:17"(43cm)/23"(58cm)24"(61cm) 26. and directions using. How can you buy 26"" #8 Body Wave Micro Loop Human It is a lasting method that you wear day and night. going

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.812897
Retrieved Text: Remy Ma gave birth to the most beautiful baby girl, and three days after that, she returned to social media in order to thank her husband, Papoose, for her $94,000 push present.
She also made sure to explain that her infant daughter will not be named Golden Child.
‘Thank you for my “Push Present” Husband @papoosepapoose ??? I’ve been so happy with the baby that I forgot all about such materialistic things.??‍♀️ We have been married for ten years but today is the day we FINALLY had our wedding. Such a special day that we have to acknowledge it? (3 years ago)- we call it our “TV Wedding Anniversary”’ Remy wrote.
The push present that Remy is talking about is a $94k Cadillac.
Now, Page Six reports that Remy’s days after she gave birth were not easy at all. She delivered her baby over the past weekend, and she returned to the hospital on Tuesday.
‘Remy is recovering in the hospital from a blood transfusion due to childbirth complications,’ her rep reportedly told Page Six on Wednesday.
We wish Remy tons of health and only happy days ahead for the whole family.
They will definitely be having the Christmas of their lives, as we couldn’t be happier for all of them.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.211681
Retrieved Text: Remy Ma, not content with just dropping diss tracks aimed at Nicki Minaj, has started sharing personal photos of her adversary on Instagram.
In a now-deleted post, Remy shared a photo of Nicki on all fours atop a bed wearing little besides her bra and a g-string. Remy didn’t reveal how she came by the photo, but it was clear that her intention was to embarrass Minaj. The tweet followed Remy dropping “Another One,” her second diss track for Nicki in just over a week.
The photo is evidently from before Nicki became famous, with the rapper looking significantly different. Remy Ma pointed this difference out by captioning the photo #B4TheButtJob.
Before long, it seemed as though Remy had thought better of the whole thing, deleting the Instagram post. For a while later, the accompanying tweet that came with it remained on Remy’s Twitter, but she eventually got rid of that too.
Somehow we don’t think that Remy taking down the photo is going to be enough to quell the bad blood between the two, especially when one bears in mind the lyrics “they was sellin’ footage and you know I bought it,” which seems to suggest that Remy has more physical evidence of Nicki Minaj that might cause her some embarrassment.
So far, Nicki hasn’t responded to Remy’s bait — something that could all change now that Remy has made it more personal than ever.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.129711
Retrieved Text: So, here I am. Kind of in bad shape. I have genetically bad teeth, and no matter how well I do at caring for my teeth, I always seem to have some issue going on. Well, the latest was an ache in one of my bi-cuspids (on top, just in front of the molars) that continued to worsen. It was the same tooth that has fillings as well as being 1/2 tooth, 1/2 cap ... I broke it eating a cheeseburger while prego with Gracie. Sad, huh?! So, about a couple weeks ago, my tooth started to ache and progressively got worse. Wednesday, it began to ache beyond measure, so, not having Dental Insurance (meaning my dentist dropped me from their clinic - darn you, Willamette Dental), I headed to the ER. They checked me out and gave me some pain meds and some antibiotics. I went home that night and slept, just so-so.
The next morning I woke up with a fat face ... the top left picture. So, the next day I felt better, up until bed time, when I couldn't sleep. Around 2 am the pain was unbearable and I headed back to the ER to get some more help, the IV kind. Way better!! By 6 am I got discharged (diagnosis: cellulitus of the cheek and a dental "injury")and headed straight for a dental clinic over in Vancouver who cares for non-insured patients. Mind you my face was just a wee bit smaller than Texas, and the dentist saw me right away. About

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.84476
Retrieved Text: Sadly, I had to euthanize my lovely, snaggle-toothed, orange kitty Remy yesterday.
A few weeks ago he reverted to semi-feral behavior, cowering and running from me, and seemed to be having pain issues. I took him to the vet where a general exam didn’t show anything.
In the last week, he didn’t seem to be having much pain, but he was scared and wasn’t moving around much, although was always up on a chair or the couch. He was still using the litter box, but he wasn’t eating or drinking much.
Yesterday morning I picked him up off a chair and put him on the floor to eat: he scrambled, loosing strength in his front legs, and fell over on his side; he tried to run away, but his legs wouldn’t work and he dragged himself along the floor.
Needless to say, I made appointment with the vet right away.
For the half hour before we left for the vet, I sat on the couch with my two cats. I held Remy in my lap, petting, scritching and brushing him (brushing was his favorite): he purred and gave me nice, relaxed looks.
As heart-rending a decision it was, I made the right one.
For five years, I gave Remy a wonderful, and comfortable, post-feral life. He evolved from a terrified, wild thing hiding in the smallest of places to an affectionate and sweet house cat. He gave Kiki a companion, calming her neurotic tendencies, and gave me the joy of living with a floppy, undemanding cat.
So long, Mr Rems. Kiki and I will

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.6739
Retrieved Text: Remy crossed over the Rainbow Bridge early Sunday morning. He was in obvious distress and was ready to go. I know he's with my dad. I know he can run and chase small animals again. That gives me tons of comfort.
His passing has left a huge void in our lives. Our hearts are broken and only time will heal the hurt. One day when we think of Remy, we'll only smile and have happy memories. We had 13.5 wonderful years with him that we wouldn't trade for anything.
For now, I want to remember everything about him.
We wouldn't have had Remy in our lives if it wasn't for Naseem. She used to be a very picky eater and refused most food except for chicken nuggets, buttered noodles, raw carrots and mangoes. Omid made her a deal: Eat whatever was put in front of her for one month, and he would buy her a dog! It was hard for Nas, but she did it! We were all so excited. She thought she wanted a Bearded Collie, but after visiting the Rose City Dog Show, a Vizsla actually found us and the search was on for a breeder.
A year later, she finally got her puppy!
Remy loved oranges, blueberries and tomatoes. Every year we bought him his own cherry tomato plant. He'd check it everyday. He'd also check the neighbors tomato plants and blueberry bushes too.
Remy loved to go on our boat and dive off the back again and again (50 times in a row, no joke), he would get

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.536474
Retrieved Text: Chicago, IL – Remy Ma’s Plata o Plomo partner Fat Joe found out about her scathing Nicki Minaj diss song “SHETHER” on social media like everyone else, he reveals during a WGCI 107.5 radio interview on Live with Tone Kapone this morning (March 2).
Although the Grammy-nominated Bronx rap star has declined to comment on the “SHETHER” diss track itself, he does deny having any hands in its curation, citing that he won’t get involved in a beef that involves two women.
That doesn’t mean he isn’t eager to see how Nicki Minaj will come back at Remy.
While he insists on staying out of the feud, he does believe that time is running out for Minaj to respond.
“That clock tickin’ bro,” he added.
Since Remy Ma dropped “SHETHER,” many in Hip Hop have chimed in, especially those dragged into the drama between Nicki and Remy by name.
Trey Songz found himself having to clear up allegations that he slept with her in an Instagram post and later against Nicki, who was mad because she felt like he “indirectly” addressed the snipe.
Hot 97’s Ebro Darden was also named in the diss track as someone who Nicki cheated with and also declined having relations with The Pinkprint rapper but admits to one time grabbing on her thigh.
The Game, in usual fashion, inserted himself into the beef by vehemently caping for Nicki Minaj in an Instagram post calling out Meek Mill for liking a disrespectful meme against the woman who stood by him when he was catching L’s left and right in his

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.313087
Retrieved Text: The artist Robin Tewes with her painting Men In Trouble #5.
This August, our frequent arts contributor and artist herself Grace Graupe-Pillard is making studio calls. This week she shares with us her visit to the studio of the artist Robin Tewes, whose work deals with issues of war, religion, feminism, or the harsh and glorious surprises that life throws at us.
Faith, 26″ x 22″, oil/birch panel, 2007.
In Fair Game two young girls are huddled in a closet, oblivious to the confining space, engrossed in the comfort of their childhood games and toys, feeling protected in the airless environment of nostalgia. The painting Faith depicts a young boy, arms outstretched collapsed on a pristine, unruffled bed. A ghost of a cross behind him floats in a sea of scribbled handwriting, creating an unearthly light, which covers his torso.
Revision #1 Kitchen, 22″ x 18″, oil/birch panel, 2002.
The artist also paints “public spaces” — larger environments such as Substitute, a depiction of a movie theater with rows upon rows of empty seats as blue-hued as the solitariness of abandonment. Projected onto the wide screen is an image of camouflaged children playing, their abstracted forms conflated with the shrouds of war. The audience is missing; there is no one to witness a darkly prophetic future.
Robin Tewes work is so rich with psychological, social, political insights–all presented in gorgeous paint. The comments due them justice. Congratulations to both!
I really appreciate your comments- Merle,Andrea,June and Patricia. Thank you!
Robins work is beautiful and would love to see more up close and in person!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.249392
Retrieved Text: Danger-room session had gone fine, absolutely, if nothing else, it kept his mind focussed on what he was doing - instead of what he *wanted* to do. With only a skeleton crew present at the mansion, the place hadn't exactly been crowded. Deserted was more like it. He'd felt good after the workout, enjoyed the lingering feel of adrenalin. Yes... that had to be the explanation - he'd been high on adrenalin.
Bobby swallowed hard and tried to scold himself for sounding like a bad poet. The memory, though, the memory of Remy in the shower, naked... He really should have left at that point, instead of staring at the mesmerizing display in front of him.
Back turned to the door, muscular body relaxed. Wonderfully shaped shoulders, not too broad or bulky, tanned skin - equally tanned all over, as he couldn't help noticing. Pale scars here and there... Bobby couldn't move, couldn't close his eyes, as Remy began turning around, blinking water out of his eyes.
That's all Bobby saw, as he finally regained control of his body - well, more or less, and fled the room, not stopping until he'd closed his own door.
Another sigh escaped him as he stepped into the hot spray. Figures he'd go and fall for a guy who was 110% straight. Sure, Remy would flirt shamelessly with anything that had a pulse, but from there to actually doing anything that had a pulse, including Bobby, was an entirely different thing.
Deciding around lunchtime to allow his growling stomach to convince him that leaving

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.030605
Retrieved Text: Though the study to determine the future of Thayer Street’s infrastructure is still being developed, other changes centering around security and regulation in the area are now or may soon be in effect.
The Thayer Street District Management Authority held a meeting in June attended by many safety officers, including representatives from the Department of Public Safety and Providence Police, said Robin Remy, the group’s executive director. Statistically, trends reveal a spike in crime-related incidents during the summer and early fall months, she said, and “the Providence Police absolutely agreed there is a crime increase.” Recently, there has been evidence of gang activity on Thayer, Remy said, citing incidents of gang-related graffiti.
Safety concerns surrounding the summer and early fall months were raised again at the TSDMA’s July meeting, Remy said. Consequently, the police agreed to increase their presence in the area, and the TSDMA hired a two-man police detail to patrol every Thursday, Friday and Saturday evening through the end of September, Remy said. They began these patrols on the first weekend of August, and there are not currently plans to extend this protocol past the end of September due to budgetary restrictions, she added.
To improve security in the future, the TSDMA is considering installing surveillance cameras on Thayer Street. They are “really helpful in determining who did what” when investigating an incident, Remy said. If installed, these cameras would be publicized to “create a more visible presence,” she said, adding that the TSDMA also wants to encourage local entities to do a better job of self-monitoring.
The

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.132202
Retrieved Text: The Legend of the Easter Robin is a beautiful book about God's love for us sacrifice and having faith.
Tressa is at her grandmother's and notices a two robin's building a nest.
One day she notices eggs in the nest and with Easter still 2 weeks away there could be snow and frost that could hurt the eggs. Grandmother explains that it is not up to us but in the hands of the Creator.
To get ready for Easter, Grandmother shows Tressa how to blow out eggs and color the shells. While creating these decorative eggs, Grandma tells Tressa an old Pennsylvania Dutch Legend of the Easter Robin.
The story goes that when Jesus was being led to the cross a robin thought his crown of thorns was a nest. Upon closer inspection the bird realized that the crown was a cruel nest that was hurting "The Master". The Robin knew him as someone who was kind to all living things and tried to help. While he couldn't knock the crown off he did manage to pull a thorn out of Jesus' forehead. The blood from the thorn fell on the Robin's breast which gave Robin the red breast which we see today.
In the end Tressa and her Grandmother get to stare at the beauty that is God's creation.
I love the adorable story but it was the artwork that made this book all that more powerful for me. The writer and Illustrator worked wonderfully together to create a magical book that not only talks about nature, spending time with family,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.11622
Retrieved Text: Gossip-testimonials - Cactus and Curry - Get your bloom on!
"Robin's sweet spirit and solid faith have allowed her to weather the storms of this life with grace. Her passion to help women coupled with her incredible life story allows her to put her calling into action so that others might find meaning, purpose and hope."
"Robin is an exceptional coach and mentor who is committed to helping you achieve whatever goal you set for your life. She brings a unique blend of real life experience along with a true passion for mentoring, which is instrumental for healthy growth of an individual of any background. I have significantly benefited from her profound wisdom and skills in a short period of time.I enthusiastically recommend Robin for anyone who need transformational coaching or mentoring. "
"Robin and I have been friends since 1987, but she is more like a sister. In 1988 I lost a child and Robin was there for me as someone to console in and to be there by my side. After a couple of years, we lost track of each other because I moved several times and her life took other turns as well. I'm so happy that we have reconnected. She is such a positive person with awesome advice and encouraging words of faith. No matter what I go through, I know Robin will inspire me in a positive way to help me deal with my situation. I am so blessed by God to have her in my life. Thank you Robin for being a woman

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.024382
Retrieved Text: It looks like Remy Ma is in labor and the happiest father on this planet, Papoose, has shared a stunning picture of the femcee getting ready for the big moment.
The reality TV star posted a sweet black and white photo where the mom-to-be looks flawless while in bed as she counts the hours for the arrival of her baby who is affectionately known as the golden child.
Papoose wrote an epic note explaining he will wear a tuxedo to welcome his baby to the world. Fans are excited for the power couple and their bundle of joy.
I never been this happy in my life!!!!!!! Tomorrow is the big day! Tears of joy!!!!! Golden child eve!! ??blessed @remyma let’s do it babe I love you!!!!!!!
A follower, who watched Remy and Papoose’s reality series, explained that their older children understand the love they have for their baby.
Papoose’s joy and excitement are just beautiful. This new era looks like a great one for the couple.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.713205
Retrieved Text: Hi Robin, may I take this opportunity to ask you a question regarding your "choices" suggestions. My "strong willed" daughter answers to my choices within the boundary as "I don't want to". Then I gave her the option for her to create her own choice. But she still replied with "I don't want to".
The one scenario was: she needed to get to bed but because we had my adult son's girlfriend there she did not want to go bath or bed. I made the boundary clear and gave her 2 choices. I then asked her to tell me how she thinks we can make sure we get bathed and to bed or does she want to consider my 2 choices.
I was stuck and did not know what to do now and just wanted to resort to my "old methods" of insisting on her listening to me and then do a count down and then discipline her."
So my reply to her was this video I have published for you below.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.695993
Retrieved Text: So many couples cite this as the reason for their divorce that you might think it's inevitable. Is it? If not, how can you prevent it?
Robin admits that she and her husband, Tony, are drifting apart. "We have different interests now. He's immersed in his work, and I'm at home all day with our three sons. I gave up my career to raise a family while Tony gets promotions. When Tony gets home, he has nothing left for me. He doesn't really love me."
Many couples seem to feel marriage is like selecting the right plane—and then putting it on autopilot. That's a good way to ensure that spouses eventually drift apart.
Here's how it often works: One partner is satisfied with the relationship as it is, but the other's needs are overlooked. In the case of Robin and Tony, Tony has been the mostly happy one. He has a beautiful wife, three great kids, a relationship with the Lord, and a job he enjoys. He's seen himself as having made the right choices—so from now on, it's smooth sailing. Autopilot has seemed to work for him.
Robin, on the other hand, is wondering whether she made the right choice of "plane." She needs more of Tony's presence to feel valued.
In a bid for Tony's attention, Robin has started distancing herself from him. His reaction is to feel inadequate, disappointed in himself that he can't make his wife happy, unworthy of her love, and confused. He's thinking, What am I doing wrong?
The result: Their relationship feels empty. They're drifting

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.686138
Retrieved Text: This is a story of Remy, who moves to a new town to live with her biological father. There she meets Asher, the boy who has abilities similar to her own. Remy excited to meet someone who may be able to explain to her a little about her own powers. But Asher and Remy are not allowed to be friends, and they’re definitely not allowed to fall in love.
So, you know I try to be honest in my reviews. Just because a book didn’t sit well with me, doesn’t mean someone else is not going to pick it up and it will be the best thing that ever happened to them. I just wanted to mention that before I dived into this particular review.
I didn’t have fun reading this book. Remy is a alright enough character. She has a lot of issues in her life, and I do give her props for trying to fight thru the bad and look for the good. That is important and I’m glad we got to see Remy come out on the other side, especially with all the stuff that happens to her in the beginning of the book. Asher is an alright kind of character as well. I didn’t feel particularly swoony when it came to him. I also didn’t find him as broody as he probably was supposed to be. The tortured soul thing didn’t really come across for me from either one of the characters.
On the other hand, the whole book read more like a contemporary than

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.65921
Retrieved Text: Today was a great day! We visited Robin and "the Italian" at the Gardener of Eden. And we had a great time together! Great food, great hospitality, great conversation and, oh yea, a great garden. You should see Robin's garden. We're not just talking vegetables folks! There were flowers at every turn, herbs in every pot, an amazing herb garden just outside the kitchen. Her tomatoes, garlic, peas, broccoli, cauliflower and potatoes look wonderful. By the looks of our tomato plants, you'd never know we were in her same zone. After seeing all the work Robin has done to put together her community garden plot, we don't know how she did it! and in only 3 months! We had a wonderful time. Thanks so much Robin for taking such great care of us.
We wish we'd taken more pictures. There was just so much going on. Here's a few snapshots we managed to get.
Me and Layna my niece enjoying homemade salsa varieties from the garden. We had a taste of Robin's delicious strawberry infused vodka. Yumm!
Robin had the best dessert surprise for the boys. They made homemade strawberry ice cream!
A beautiful potato bed. The plants are already more than 3 feet high!
The plot from the front right side of the garden.
a broccoli head about 4 inches around. Yum!
Yea, Jenny. It was a good day!
Having had the pleasure of visiting Robin's prior community plot garden in person and getting to meet her ... I know just how impressive she and her gardens really are. Glad you had such

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.619656
Retrieved Text: disappears before he can catch it.
now a baron, are also on the trail.
Bill and Huey, who ³is the key that opens the door to everywhere² (see iss. 3).
tunnels (X-Factor 10). She asks him if he blames Remy.
jewel disappears during the fight.
a sewer pipe, where he gets the jewel.
has stolen an adamantium stomach, which was supposed to go into Judge Buechler.
survive. They fight on top of a train to Jersey, then all jump off a bridge.
attempt while he was in prison.
his adamantium coils to Creed, and the jerk Buechler gets the stomach.
as well as rescuing Jean Luc and Tante Mattie as children.
past, leaving the Mengos to guard Sekmeht.
Doyle¹s Moriarty). He knows Jacques LeBeau.
Further Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix).
takes the Guild members captive.
past Courier, who reverts to his true form and is knocked out.
legends of Essex, with ghostly pale face, linked to the ancient Egyptian warlord.
newspaper that Essex, calling himself Milbury, is connected to the Black Womb.
It¹s a race to New York to investigate.
Duchess of Devonshire painting) to get his yacht and sail to New York.
Essex is operating under the alias of Dr. Milbury, obstetrician.
still interested in Courier in iss. 9?).
in her 5th Avenue mansion. In the entry hall, he is attacked by the Guild.
head with a flower pot.
tells Remy where to find her doctor, Milbury.
are mobbed by early Morlocks.
a jar and offers to make a deal with Remy.
Kingdom, then Candra shows up.
he gave to Sinister, but somehow he can¹t do it.
Remy needs her help in the past. She needs to go to Jean Luc.
and is told he

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.619545
Retrieved Text: Spiked with a sensible dose of realism and spiced with a jarring dash of melodrama, Sebastian Cole’s Sand Dollar is a literary-quality mainstream novel that explores the meaning of love. This well-crafted book is a romantic fantasy that uses intermittent flashback to relate the events of eighty-year-old Noah Hartman’s life, as he lies dying in a hospital bed.
The focus is on Noah’s relationship with an indecisive woman named Robin, a lover he classifies as his soul mate. Despite the often inconsiderate, even hostile, interaction between them, he believes this passionate roller-coaster ride is spiritual fulfillment. In his eyes, no one else compares to Robin. A short-lived marriage and unpredictable behavior, followed by a prolonged seven-year separation, lead to a surprising, though rather trite, reunion at Noah’s wedding to another woman. Robin unexpectedly returns before the ceremony and professes her love to Noah, putting him in a heartrending position. In a classic scenario of wanting what one cannot have, the story takes a predictable turn, exposing the good and the bad behind a contemporary couple’s motivations. Personal agendas and controlling parents, as well as financial need, influence this true-to-life relationship. Noah is wealthy, and Robin is not.
Built on the premise that one’s mate is determined by destiny, and the belief that even choice cannot override intense attraction, the plot veers into a mystical drift through the past. Noah relives his experiences with Robin in snatches, feeling the emotions and analyzing the encounters. Brutal rejection and psychological trauma complicate the straightforward progression of what could have been a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.588646
Retrieved Text: Anusha’s infidelity to spur on her Bollywood dreams leads to her boyfriend Robin killing the man she slept with. This is not your average love story, and nor does it end like one.
Anusha (Mahi Gill) and Robin (Deepak Dobriyal) are in a stable relationship and love each other greatly. Anusha decides to come to Mumbai to fulfil her aspirations of becoming an actress. Robin, however, is against this and tries to dissuade her. But Anusha comes anyway. After a lot of nitty-gritty, Anusha bags a few substantial projects. She becomes good friends with Ashish (Ajay Gehi) who was responsible partly for her success. One night, after a cast party, Anusha and Ashish, while under the heavy onofluence of alcohol, end up in bed together. As luck would have it, Robin turns up unexpectedly at Anusha’s doorstep and finds out. In a heated fight, Robin kills Ashish. Anusha is distraught but helps Robin in disposing off the body. They cut up the corpse and burn it off in a nearby jungle. Robin goes back to his hometown thinking no one to be the wiser. Soon, a missing compliant for Ashish is registered. All his friends including Anusha are taken in for questioning. Unable to come up with a concrete alibi, Anusha is interrogated heavily. After physical torture, she spills the beans about Ashish’s murder. Robin is taken into custody. A legal battle ensues with Anusha and Robin pitted against each other and their lawyers trying to frame the other for the entire blame leaving no traces of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.515673
Retrieved Text: Losing (and Winning) | Let's Talk Peritoneal Dialysis!
A tear drop consists of … electrolytes and salt.
The chemistry of crying is not concerned with blame or fault.
Some days I struggle with writing the hard stuff. I sit here and, instead of writing, I cry. And while certainly cathartic, it’s harder to finish a post when I’m blubbering here in front of this screen. But cathartic it is, not to mention therapeutic. Hand me a tissue.
Last night, I felt sure today would be a day of loss and crying. How could anyone, really, not feel loss as a result of the news of Robin Williams?
I was a quirky kid: weird hair and shy. I wanted to be a big rig driver most of my young life—I would sit down during recess in 3rd grade and read International Truck brochures. Quirky. And so it was Robin Williams entered my life as Mork from Ork and, boom, there was a famous, funny, mostly confident guy from another planet making it here on Earth. If a guy who sat upside down in a chair could make it on our planet, well, so could a weird kid from Chicago. International trucker brochures and all.
Coinciding with last night’s news was the inevitable arrival of my daughter’s entrance today into public school as a kindergartener. Given the chance, I might’ve stolen my own daughter away into some far off land just to avoid the momentous occasion. It felt as if I was losing her.
An actor. A child. Lost. To me.
Of course, there are people

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.467445
Retrieved Text: I'm a licensed counselor in Texas with 30 years in the areas of relationships/marriage, identification of core values, the six ways to identify partner compatibility, self-esteem/regaining self-empowerment, the different temperament types including Introversion, solution-focused brief therapy, success psychology, mindfulness practices, family organization in the home, resilience training, and more.
I utilize Depth Psychology as well as Solution-based approaches, and when applicable, Dream Amplification. Many people find their dreams a source of guidance and a legitimate tool, especially with the help of a trained therapist in this area, especially during crises, arriving at a crossroads, and illness.
While I am very interested in the source of a person's suffering, I look at what the person is doing now, at the present moment, which keeps the maladjusted responses in place. And we try to change that current pattern. I will try many things to help a client and, at some point, I do expect some change to occur, even if reflected in just a small, but pivotal step Change can sometimes happen remarkably quickly; other times it takes awhile, and patience is required.
Most of us would agree that standing at that" fork in the road" too long can bring more depression and confusion than was bargained for. I would like to help you create the freedom which comes from carefully listening to yourself, understanding your feelings and styles of reacting, then taking the steps which feel comfortable to you to get you to a place of well-being and confidence.. Understanding and sorting out one's feelings and patterns of thinking can

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.407267
Retrieved Text: When Nicki Minaj, Lil Wayne and Drake took it to London for the Barbs’ new video, No Frauds, don’t be surprised if you see a former ‘Love & Hip Hop New York’ face by the name of Rah Ali in there. Or maybe you should be? She was the same one who was Remy Ma’s ride or die on the show and even was pressed to help her out with her wedding. At some point, things went left with her and Remy for her to end up in her Nicki’s video….smh! Rah Ali issued a statement on where her and Remy went left.
If you haven’t seen ‘No Frauds’, you can watch it below.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.406038
Retrieved Text: Nathalie Remy has been managing Christofle since March 2018. With 20 years of experience in strategic consulting, including more than 18 years at McKinsey & Co., Nathalie Remy has worked in the fashion, luxury and beauty sectors. She specializes in brand repositioning, marketing and sales excellence, digital transformation and change management. Throughout her career, she has developed a strategic and multicultural vision of the luxury industry. At McKinsey, she co-founded and managed the “Fashion and Luxury” division.
In 2018, by joining Christofle House, she gave a new direction to her career. Its role is to develop and promote the House, in France and abroad, in its various components, drawing on Christofle’s unique know-how and the talent of its employees and craftsmen.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.376303
Retrieved Text: The city of brotherly love lives up to it’s name with this new visual from Freeway and Gilbere. Diamond In The Rough coming soon.
Official video premiere, apparently the last version was just a viral version? eh.
NSFW. Directed by Court Dunn.
@NICKIMINAJ was the center of attention for this behind the scenes documentary that E! compiled. They go through the depths of Onika Miraj, with some cameos from Lil Wayne, Swizz Beatz and Nicki’s 5th grade teacher.
Yo, this video is crazy, in a good way. If you get it, you get it. If you don’t, you don’t. The collage of webcams was a dope concept for the song. Well done.
Robin Thicke took stage at LAVO in NYC for Remy Martin’s “V” launch party. Performing some of his hits such as Lost Without You, Shakin It For Daddy and Magic.
Disclaimer: this is for real niggas only. Monumental II coming soon.
My sister put me on to this soulstress, turns out she’s written for some of your favorite artists. She even worked on an Alicia Keys album. Check her out.
Here’s some flicks of Yeezy and Hov taken while they created the highly anticipated duet album, Watch The Throne.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.207699
Retrieved Text: We’d love your help. Let us know what’s wrong with this preview of Home on the Ranch by Laura Marie Altom.
Robin Pierpont would do anything to protect her infant daughter, even spend the rest of her life on the run as Mary Smith. But when an attempted carjacking leaves them stranded in Dandelion Gulch, Colorado, Robin is left feeling like a sitting duck—and relying on the kindness of the man who saved her, retired navy SEAL Laredo Tucker.
To ask other readers questions about Home on the Ranch, please sign up.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.206808
Retrieved Text: Last week I got dressed! I mean, I actually put on a dress, heels, a red lip, and attempted a hairstyle other than a sloppy top knot. No elastic waistband! This post sort of reminded me of one I had done last year called Two Hour Dress, because here I am again, in the thick of breastfeeding every 2-3 hours, and fumbling through a full closet but nothing to wear. If you thought getting dressed in the morning was tough, throw in a postpartum bod and the need to be able to expose your bosoms to breastfeed. This is another one of those two hour dresses. I had just enough time to feed her, get us all ready and to our destination, enjoy our morning a bit and drive home just in time to strip down to my skivvies and feed a ravenous baby again. In fact, she didn't quite make it home. We were a few blocks away when the fussing turned into crying.
I decided to take the girls on a mini adventure downtown to The Source, which is about to celebrate their 1 year anniversary! The ironic thing is, last year, around this same time, husband and I had visited The Source for the first time with Remy when she was about 6 months old! So here I am, a year later, this time with a 17 month old, PLUS a 6 week old on my hips, or in a stroller.
I was recently introduced to Daren Nkomo, a really talented photographer who so kindly

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.104158
Retrieved Text: AZN747戀愛 & 性愛 / Love & Sex生活资讯区懷疑自己是個愛情douchebag加性成癮 - Powered by Discuz!
what is ur success rate?
GMT-5, 2019-4-22 04:11 , Processed in 0.093134 second(s), 14 queries .

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.06274
Retrieved Text: After the divorce from Robin (Suresh Oberoi), Seema (Swaroop Sampat) took her son Boby (Master Ravi) and came to stay with her mother (Dina Pathak). She took a job in a bank to support herself.
Whenever Robin tried to meet his son, he encountered stiff opposition from Seema. That was why, the day Boby's school was to close for summer holidays, and Robin went there early and took Boby away.
When Boby did not return home by evening, Seema was upset. She made inquiries and found that Robin had taken Boby with him. She lodged a complaint with the police alleging that Robin had kidnapped her son.
Robin took Boby to Hyderabad. On the way, several incidents took place which brought father and son very close. Just about when everything was going fine, Boby met with an accident.
Lying on his hospital bed in an unconscious state, Boby kept asking for his mother. Robin realised that the child needed his mother. Towards the end of the vacation, he brought him back to school and went away.
Boby recovered from his illness but never regained his old gay self. If he ever talked, he talked only of Robin and always in very high esteem. Often he insisted on going back to his father.
Unable to bear the child's sadness, Seema was forced to bring Boby to Robin. The encounter between Robin and Seema helped to remove misunderstanding and ill-feelings between the two.
Boby now enjoyed the loved the love and affection of both father and mother.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.952421
Retrieved Text: Styling On ‘Em: Remy Ma Showed Off Her Eensy Weensy Waist!
Papoose is a lucky man!
Remy knows how to stunt out here! Every since Remy’s release, she has been shedding those pounds and she looks hella good! First she caught us with her New Years slay and now, last night Remy took to Instagram to show off her petite figure and the internet thanked her. Take a look and Remy’s hawt bod! Can you say snatched?
P.S. We’re loving the self love, Remy!

================



======= Instance Index 47 =========
Input Text: Context: Robin had watched their partner Alex perform in a play and had loved it.

Question: What will happen to Robin?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: he will thank robin

B: celebrate with their partner afterwards

C: he will appreciate robin

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.84375
Retrieved Text: Many thanks to Dee and Ron for another successful tournament.
Registration with Senioritas Susan and Anna!!
A fun day of pickleball with a twist. That is what you get when you enter Nanaimo’s MEXICAN MADNESS tournament.
Of course, you do get to play pickleball and you do start the tourney with a partner…..BUT….your partner’s name (opposite gender if enough of each) is drawn out of a sombrero!!! Once you and your partner get on court, you play a rally point game to 25 points (combination of both teams….i.e. 13-12 or 22-3 or 10-15, etc. – It really works on the math skills of the team!!). Once you finish one game you switch partners and play another rally point game to 25. Points are collected individually on a scoresheet and sent to the Padre who is tabulating the scores.
This year we had some awesome Mexican guests (Emmanuel, Alexandra and Anna) who were welcomed to our area with Canada backpacks filled with some fabulous Canadian toys. We also saw an OOPs (Out of Province) team of George and Brenda from Lethbridge, Alberta. Thanks so much to all of you for traveling so far to have some Mexican Madness fun!
A ……HUGE thanks to Dee & Ronnie Pitcher who organized this 7th Annual fun tourney and all their volunteers who helped them out. Check nanaimopickleballclub.org and mark your calendar for next summer so you don’t miss this fun pickleball day.
Ronnie & Dee Pitcher, the brainchild of Mexican Madness!!!
Our Mexican visitors – Alexandra, Anna & Emmanuel – with welcome to Canada gifts.
Fun filled day

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.80496
Retrieved Text: The trailer of Christopher Robbin makes you long for your childhood, when you lived those lovely stories and loved these characters. Marc Forster directs the film from a screenplay by Alex Ross Perry and Allison Schroeder.
Christopher Robin will release on August 3, 2018.
Disney has released the trailer for Christopher Robin, the live-action adaptation of the much-loved stories by English author A A Milne and Disney’s own franchise. Ewan McGregor leads the cast as the titular Christopher Robin, the boy featured in Milne’s stories. In the film, Christopher grows up and forgets about the talking stuffed animals he had as friends as imaginations of a fanciful child.
The trailer begins with Winnie-the-Pooh wondering what will happen if Christopher Robin forgets him, to which Christopher replies, “Silly old bear. I won’t forget about you, Pooh. I promise.” He does exactly that, however, when he grows up. One day, he encounters Pooh again and remembers all the adventures he had with him and other animal characters like Eeyore, Tigger, Piglet, Owl, Rabbit, and Kanga. Pooh asks Christopher for his help as he has lost all of his friends.
The trailer of the film makes you long for your childhood, when you lived those lovely stories and loved these characters. Marc Forster directs the film from a screenplay by Alex Ross Perry and Allison Schroeder. Hayley Atwell (Peggy in Marvel Cinematic Universe, Bronte Carmichael, and Mark Gatiss (Mycroft Holmes of BBC’s Sherlock) star in supporting roles.
2 Officer teaser: Will Ram Gopal Varma give us the fiery Nagarjuna he promises?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.525349
Retrieved Text: "There’s no magic pill that will help you live freely. You take the steps to get there." - Robin Kastermans, founder WeSocialMEN.
WeSocialMEN was created to help men live in freedom and share their lives with loved ones. To some, it may seem simple. To others, it is a life-long struggle. Their goal is to help their members create meaningful relationships. That begins with a deep examination of the fears and insecurities that hold us back. And continues with the tools to overcome them.
Robin, the mastermind behind this promising project, had an old and outdated plain website. When I first heard about the fascinating project he had in mind, and having some close co-workers joining him on the project, I couldn't help but collaborate with his team to build a brand-new, responsive website, CMS driven for easy updates and visually attractive enough for his potential customers.
Designed by regular team mate Alex Araez, I built the site using Wordpress and an advanced template solution.
for brands and agencies worldwide"

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.315777
Retrieved Text: WARNING : This post is long and filled with way to many pictures!
The last few years we have brought Alex to the 101 Market. We always go with Grandma Darlene and last year Alex loved it. This year we invited Mya and ShaNae to come along with us and of course we brought Avin to. Here are a million pictures to show you just how much fun we had.
Alex ready to ride the Animal Train!
Avin even got to go along for the ride with year with Grandma Darlene.
Mya enjoyed the Animal Train as well.
The train ride lasts maybe 6 minutes and they go all over the place and up and down hills and through the corn field.
They all came back with big smiles on their faces.
There was a little petting zoo with unique Animals. The girls got to feed them ( some of them, others where a little scary or we where told not to ) and they loved that. There was a Kangaroo but for some reason it is not allowing me to upload the image, it had to be the softest thing ever! They fed the Kangaroo the most and watched it the most.
Pictured above is the enormous corn pit that they have to play in. The girls had a blast and loved jumping, rolling and throwing the corn.
Little Miss Avin had fun just watching the girls play and of course trying to eat the straw that she was sitting on.
We then headed to the Duck Races and the girls loved that. We spent

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.273697
Retrieved Text: Alex Pearson: What do you like to do in your spare time?
Robin Seifkin: Read and cook.
Alex Pearson: What is your favorite movie?
Alex Pearson: What is your dream job?
Alex Pearson: What are you excited for this upcoming school year?
Alex Pearson: What is a talent that you have that not much people know of.
Robin Seifkin: Playing the Piano.
Alex Pearson: If you would star in a TV show who would you think you would play.
Robin Seifkin: A serious secondary character.
Alex Pearson: If you had a whole day to do whatever you want what would you do?
Alex Pearson: If you have two words to describe yourself what would those two be?
Alex Pearson: What would you rather win the lottery or have your dream job?
Alex Pearson: Where would you see yourself in 10 years?
Alex Pearson: What is your favorite animal?
Alex Pearson: If you were stuck on a deserted island and you could only bring 3 items what would those three be?
Alex Pearson: What is the most grateful thing you deserved this week?
Alex Pearson: What language(s) are you currently learning?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.491169
Retrieved Text: We came to Play Street Museum today for a birthday party. I remember the first time we came here and you were barely old enough to play and explore… now, you’re into everything and we can just turn you loose.
You just love the trampoline park, and this time we went for a friend’s birthday. You had so much fun with Daddy and your friends!
We had a fun day at Altitudes trampoline park for Alex’s birthday party. Afterward, we watched Rock Dog and you serenaded me with your guitar.
We had fun with your friend, Alex, today. Since it was Alex’s birthday, we picked y’all up from school early and headed over to the Coop playhouse. You loved every second of it!
We had so much fun at Kid Mania today for our little friend’s birthday. You and Dad were all over the place and did all the slides.
We were all partied out from the weekend so we had a nice, relaxing night inside with some play-dough and your favorite meal. Bonus, you did not have to take a bath!
Today was so fun, even though Daddy was away palying in a card tournament. We went shopping, to the park, and a friend’s birthday party. You had an awesome day!!! We still need to work on your listening skills.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.172094
Retrieved Text: Alex is busy, busy, busy!
He loves helping me make dinner and he loves to cut veggies with own little doggie knife!
He was SO excited to color with markers and watercolors with his sisters!
Our fall sensory bins. Alex loved playing with these clear plastic acorns and pumpkins on his light table.
I raided the dollar spot at Target. Lots of great stuff!
H is for hippo. We started I for Iguana. We watched videos on BBC about hippos and iguanas. He actually narrated to Dad what he learned!
These little beetles took over the park. They were all different shades and patterns of red and orange and black. I think they’re fire bugs. Perfect name.
Alex loves watching Abby and Dinosaur Train and Diego.
Alex says he’s DONE WITH NAPS. Lord help me.
Alex’s attention span is about non-existent. I hope that changes over the next few months. Our schedule has been crazy keeping up with him and trying to get the girls’ schooling completed and chores done. He begs for constant companionship. He will not play alone so someone always has to be with him. This makes for sporadic lessons. Right now, it’s barely working for us.
Tori, Katie, and I do morning school with Alex while Liz gets her math, Greek, and other work completed. When she’s ready, she takes Alex outside or somewhere to play while I get some reading and lessons done with the girls. Then we have lunch and we try to get “one more thing” done after that. Some days we do. Often, Liz completes some history or

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.034355
Retrieved Text: Alex Steel and Andy Pringle wrote their names into the record books by winning the 2015 Winchester Fives Mixed Doubles Championship. Having successfully defended their title for the second time, it means they have become the first pair to win the title three times.
It’s an achievement all the more remarkable when you consider that Alex is still suffering from the after-effects of a car accident earlier this year (in which, we might add, she was entirely blameless) which left her with a very badly damaged right shoulder. Plus, this was arguably the strongest field assembled in recent times for this championship, including reigning national champions in Rugby, Eton and Winchester Fives.
It was a recipe for fierce competition, and so it proved right from the off, with Eastbourne’s Beal Snr and Jnr (Spencer and Simon, partnering Kathleen Briedenhann and Tessa Mills, respectively) scoring hard-fought wins in the first round of round-robin matches. It was fascinating to watch the various styles of play, as everyone became accustomed to the unfamiliar demands of the buttress game. For example, the Eton Fives pair of Gareth Hoskins and Karen Hird provided stern opposition, with their willingness to head to the front of the court and volley. They improved throughout the day, but in the end the Rugby Fives players proved too strong, and Karen and Gareth were left with the wooden spoon – and big smiles on their faces!
The second round of matches brought the defending champions into action and they opened with a decisive win over Beal Jnr/Mills, while Beal

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.994423
Retrieved Text: Sunday afternoon Jason and the big girls went over to Marissa's house for dinner. Grandma Turpin gave out some beautiful things of her mother’s.
Jason sent me these pictures from his phone during Sacrament Meeting. Sammi keeps silly putty in her scripture bag. If her hands are busy, her mind can listen.
Monday Jason and the middle girls joined his family at the beach! They had a fun time – Lizzy got stung by a jellyfish!
The puppies welcoming Lizzy home!
Meanwhile, Becca and I were feeling a little left out, so we did some shopping and had lunch at Chick-fil-A! Chick-fil-A is one of the few fast food restaurants Becca can eat at, so she loves it. Joy loved Chick-fil-A!! The only way we got her out of there was bribing her with some play time with her Speech Therapist! Bec and I couldn’t go because of Bec’s college class and all the girl’s therapies.
The girls playing together Bella getting into toilet paper. This is so normal…awesome!
Look who is holding his bottle!??!?! Bella watching over Alex in his little room.
All of the girls do this – they disappear and I find them in bed watching a movie on the ipad! Sammi is such a big help. I am so grateful!
Tuesday Jason, Sammi, and a bunch of Baileys went to see Batman. They enjoyed that very much! That night Becca, Becca’s friend, Zach, Sammi, Jason, Baileys and Grandma and Grandpa went to an Astros game. The girls and I stayed home and watched Mirror, Mirror and ate pizza!
Wednesday Bella and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.8902
Retrieved Text: Arsenal had a date in Hades and they had to honour the calling of the Red Devils in the Underworld steered by chewing gum manager Sir Alex Ferguson.
On a day the blue half of West London rooted for their North London rivals, the odds were against the team not from the underworld. The gunners have won only one of 10 matches held at Old Trafford.
Robin Judas who had led the gunners challenge in the last Premier League era had a gift he couldn’t reject from Vermaleen the Vermon to thrust the first devilish fork into the side of the gunners. He thrust it deep to draw first blood within 2 minutes.
The raging battle, watched by the entire universe, continued with cagey fights, tackles flying left, right and center. The Red Devils missed a lot of chances to increase their lead but Don Vito kept them at bay with unbelievable saves.
Saint Santi handled the fire ball in the Arsenal area and Dean of the galaxy of referees, Mike Dean pointed to the spot. Red Devil kingpin, Shrek Rooney, stepped up to shoot his arrow to the gunners. The stats were against him as only 6 of 10 penalties have been converted at Old Trafford between these sides since the reign of Wenger. He missed.
It is pitiable to note that the gunners’ first salvo was late in added time of first half when serial popular-figure killer Ramsey tried a shot after usurping Evra. The Reds from the London Emirates hadn’t mustered any reasonable attack.
Lord of the Rings Reading,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.82298
Retrieved Text: It is with great sorrow that we announce the passing of our dear father, Robin Carpenter, in The Pas hospital, very peacefully with family at his side. He was nine days short of his 89th birthday.
Robin was born in Milestone, Saskatchewan and lived his young life in Saskatoon and Yorkton. In 1941 he returned to Milestone to work on his uncle’s farm and road outfit, beginning his life-long love of all things equipment, especially caterpillars. Robin left the farm for Navy life from 1944 to 1946. After the war, he went back to equipment operating and in January 1948 he drove a tractor for Transport Ltd. hauling freight from Flin Flon to Brochet. When that harrowing job was completed, Robin returned to Milestone where he married a local school teacher, Mary Stephenson, in 1948. They settled in a small farmhouse and started their family – Kathy first in 1951 and then Jean in 1953.
Robin was an avid fisherman, both during open water season and ice-fishing season. He called his boat “The Meat Boat” and bringing home fish to eat was his priority. After retirement, Mary was usually along with him on these excursions which (another of his favorite sayings) “helped to keep the wolf from the door.” He was very enthusiastic about snowmobiling and loved to ride on the groomed trails in Clearwater Park. His other life-long love was motorcycles. As a young man he owned a Henderson 4 and in the latter years of his life, he bought a 50 cc Yamaha to zip around

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.444715
Retrieved Text: I have always loved dogs. I had two when I was younger. I moved to building five to be closer to them. Their barks are music to my ears! My friends in the program let me pet and interact with them. It was thrilling for me. It brought back my fond childhood memories of my dogs (Penny and Willy). I watched Karma Rescue’s “Paws For Life” program from a distance. I observed the trainers and the men who handle the dogs. I was impressed by their confident, and comfortable demeanor. I decided I’d like to become part of the group. It is not easy to get in. Dozens of men applied just as I did. When an opening became available, I jumped at the opportunity. I was interviewed and accepted. I was overjoyed and grateful.
11th. I had only been in the program for three days; I really did not expect to be invited. To my surprise, my name was on the list! I had no idea what to anticipate, but I was excited.
All the dogs were washed and brushed. We were escorted in groups of ten; some men brought their portable beds and toys. The dignitaries began to arrive. I was unaware the men could invite their friends and family members. The atmosphere was electrifying as men hugged their loved ones and showed their dogs to them. After the warm greetings, the ceremony was called to order by the emcee, Associate Warden C. Wood. She introduced the Warden, D. Asuncion, and two representatives from “Karma Rescue,”

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.297209
Retrieved Text: The Donmar Warehouse announced today that performances will resume for their production of William Congreve's The Way of the World, and they will finish out the planned run through May 26th.
In mid-April, we were deeply shocked and saddened by the tragic loss of our dear friend and actor, Alex Beckett.
Alex was a much-loved member of The Way of the World cast, playing Waitwell, and began his career in Hotel in Amsterdam at the Donmar. He was a friend, an inspiration and a shining talent.
Together, we and the company dedicate this joyful production to the memory of this brilliant, funny and gifted man.
Robin Pearce is stepping into the role, having played Waitwell in the 2012 Chichester Theatre's production of the play.
Sending love and support to the company for tonight and the rest of the run. You will undoubtedly make Alex proud.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.127531
Retrieved Text: In about a fortnight, on the 3rd of June, a decade will have passed since Alex Freeleagus departed this life.
It is a testament to the high esteem, and great affection, in which he was held – by his family, his huge circle of friends, his colleagues in the law and in other endeavours – that so many of us are here to absorb the oration in Alex’s honour soon to be delivered by another outstanding lawyer of Hellenic heritage.
Among us are Alex’s sister, Mrs Rene Nicolaides OAM, his great-niece, Alice-Ann Psaltis, and his great-nephews, Jonathan Psaltis and James Nicolaides.
Alex’s father, Christy Freeleagus, hailed from the island of Kythera. He migrated near the start of the 20th century, arriving a few months before Federation.
Alex’s mother, Ariadne Kokkonis, reached Australia in 1924, as a refugee from war-ravaged Smyrna. On the coast of Anatolia, Smyrna had been inhabited by Greeks for at least three millennia.
After completing his secondary schooling at Church of England Grammar School, Alex enrolled in Arts/Law at the University of Queensland.
At University, Alex indulged what would become an abiding interest – military service.
The post-war manifestation of the army on campus was Queensland University Regiment.
In 1948, Alex was in the first intake of that new unit: those originals included Alex’s close friend, Sam Harrison (who is here tonight).
After a while, Alex switched services, transferring to the RAAF. Initially, he joined the University Squadron. There he was commissioned.
After graduating from law school, Alex transferred to the City of Brisbane Squadron, as the intelligence officer. Eventually, he moved to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.011335
Retrieved Text: This is part 2 of a 2 part post on orphan hosting. Click here to read part 1. This is also part of a larger series on obedience and following God’s call on our life.
Finally, we got word that the plane had landed! In that moment, I think I experienced every emotion possible. I teared up just thinking about how the time had finally come to meet Alex. I was scared and excited all at once! We made our way to the bottom of the escalators and saw the group of kids in red shirts stepping off of the steps. At first, I didn’t see Alex and Frank ran off to chase our youngest daughter. Then, there he was.
He was a lot shorter than we had expected and was wearing a hood that he was practically hiding in. He looked very scared. I gathered our family around and we welcomed him with hugs. At that moment I had no idea how we were going to make this quiet child a part of our family.
Since that first night at the airport, Alex transformed into a different child.
Monday was one of the most difficult days I could ever imagine. He didn’t understand much of anything I was trying to say to him and didn’t seem to be making much of an effort to try. He didn’t eat much and didn’t want to do much of anything with the family. I was so emotionally exhausted when Frank got home from work. I really wanted to make Alex feel loved,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.991598
Retrieved Text: A beautifully crafted tale, Goodbye Christopher Robin explores Winnie-the-Pooh author AA Milne’s tentative relationship with his son and the impact the stories had on both of their lives.
For generations of children all over the world, the stories of Pooh and his adventures in the Hundred Acre Wood have been a beloved staple, spawning television and film adaptations and a slew of merchandise. But until now little has been known about Milne or the little boy who inspired it all – his son Christopher Robin.
Directed by Simon Curtis, this new film sees playwright Milne (Domhnall Gleeson) struggling to readapt to life in London’s high society after returning from World War I with post-traumatic stress disorder. Hounded by his socialite wife Daphne (Margot Robbie) to produce yet another hit play, he moves his family to the English countryside, hoping to find inspiration.
When Daphne returns to London and their nanny Olive (Kelly Macdonald) is unexpectedly called away, Milne is forced to raise eight-year-old Christopher Robin alone and their once-tense relationship blossoms as he is swept up in the magic of the boy’s innocent world.
After publishing the stories they have created together in a book named after Christopher Robin’s teddy bear, Milne becomes an instant success. Soon the family is caught up in a world of glamorous parties, endless interviews and non-stop photo-shoots – but the fame proves both a blessing and a curse.
Gleeson delivers a strong performance as the well-to-do, polite and softly spoken Englishman who strives to form an emotional connection with his son; at times, it is

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.860453
Retrieved Text: The 10th Zurich Film Festival was full on and I watched a lot of movies which you can see here.
saw "and so it goes" with amazing Diane Keaton, whom was present that evening and received her Golden Icon Award.
had another performance with Marc my partner at die Freischwimmer.
went to the ZFF Masters with Ulrich Seidl.
watched several movies and had lunch with my film director friend Hannah Lichtenstein.
Called beloved Casey Hartnett whom just told another wonderful story on her youtube channel called Arthur's Twin! Watch it it's sweet.
submitted the movie I've done for the 72 Talent Contest at ZFF to more Film Festivals.
applied for the SBKV annual artist catalogue.
met my acting friend Victor whom is again intern at Theater Hora.
ran lines for a pilot film shooting of Testo.
sent the casting director of Mamma Mia a heartbreaking email why I should audition although she thought I was not good enough and what a great fan I used to be of ABBA! Haven't heard back yet. End of October.
coordinate with Testo and my make-up artist Alex Lampart.
Buy trousers for that shoot at PKZ Woman.
shoot at Testo four Movies in 14 hours!!!
meet with my acting friend Eva Mann.
watch "Der schwarze Hecht" at Schauspielhaus Zürich.
apply for an audition at a swiss feature film with my CV, pictures and a special Video about why I love acting. You can see it here. But beware, it's swissgerman.
Received the Play where I help Eva Mann to direct at LAWUA.
got a call from Testo.
watched "Krimi im Dunkeln" from Dinnerkrimi which is made by Denlo Productions

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.839556
Retrieved Text: CONOR AND ALEX BACK AT IT AGAIN!!!
Can we get this video to 60,000 likes???
SOOOO if you watched my little royal crush announcement video, you will know that I was recently in London!!! SOOOO I had to hit up my boy Conor Maynard and shoot a video with him!! If you don't remember, Conor and I collabed before on both of our channels, but THIS TIME its in person!!!! Loved hanging with this guy and becoming homies!!! Make sure you check out the collab we did on his channel!!!
If you are still reading, comment " ALEX AND CONOR ARE BACK "

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.693186
Retrieved Text: I have a nest at my upstairs window sill and a Robin had laid 3 eggs.
I watched from inside my home as the eggs hatched and lo and behold, three little Robins were born.
Then one day I heard the parent singing/chirping very loudly and when I went to look, the bird was out of the nest and sitting on a wire attached to the house just chirping away.
The next day when I went to take a look at how the little ones were progressing, they were gone.... all three.
Does the parent ever move their young?
I even went outside to see if they fell out onto the lawn but there was nothing there.
Thanks for your story - depending on how old the babies were, a couple of things could have happened. If the young birds had got their feathers and were ready to leave the nest, then they could have grown up and gone.
On the other hand, if this happend so early this season, I suspect that some predator may have taken the chicks - a Crow, Blue Jay or Squirrel, perhaps.
I am sad that your little bird friends are gone, but the parent birds do have time to lay more eggs this season, and raise one or even two batches of eggs.
We too had a nest built on top of our garage light, a perfect spot with heat from light on the cold nights we have been having and away from backyard raccoons etc, only 1 egg hatched and the mother & father were feeding constantly,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.625555
Retrieved Text: The noise of an ax chopping wood swept over Mission San José y San Miguel de Aguayo. It was a cool day in 1773.
Maya ran eagerly into the kitchen. She loved cooking with her mother. They always did it together, ever since her family had moved from Spain, to the New World.
Ana tended fire for the stew as her daughter held the pot patiently. Maya watched outside as children romped around joyfully on the property. Her life had changed dramatically. But Maya was fascinated by the new customs and traditions.
John Landon rushed to pick up his daughter from soccer practice. He knew Alex would be mad if he was even a fraction of a second late. She had been playing since she was four years old, yet her father still had trouble perfecting his pickup routine.
Alex plopped down in the passenger’s seat of the car. She was swamped with homework. Alex got to her bedroom and reluctantly opened her textbook. She did not want to learn about stupid Spanish missions.
Soon, it was time for dinner.
The mass of people living in Mission San José congregated at a large table. The women were bustling around, assembling food for the meal, while the men spoke excitedly about new construction projects to be done at the mission.
“I propose we build a stained glass window,” one man said.
As the days passed by, the men began holding meetings to decide on an artisan for the job. They eventually decided upon Pedro Huizar and he was commissioned to create the Rose Window.
Alex and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.602776
Retrieved Text: The family dynamics that play out throughout the movie is something that crosses decades and time periods. McGregor could empathize with parents of the time. “As a dad at that time, it would be unusual for him to sense that he wasn’t close to his children. Christopher Robin feels that he isn’t close enough to his daughter and by the end of the film he has done something about it.
Both McGregor and Atwell had no trepidation about taking on their role in this well-loved franchise. For Ewan McGregor, “no one knows what Christopher Robin is like as a 47-year-old man, except me. We know Christopher Robin as a small boy.” While McGregor felt comfortable with the lack of knowledge about his character, Atwell saw her entry to the Pooh franchise as anything but difficult.
Director Marc Forster has a history of working with well-loved classic English stories. His 2004 film Finding Neverland told the tale of how playwright J.M. Barrie brought the story of Peter Pan to the stage.
From James Bond to zombies, Forster’s career has spanned multiple genres. What brought him to the Hundred-Acre Wood and Pooh was his daughter. While traveling with her she commented that Forster should really make a movie that she could watch.
Forster took on the challenge of Pooh and sought out legendary Disney musician Richard Sherman to contribute to the film. “If I could get one song out of Richard Sherman, I would be blessed.” After calling up Sherman, Forster sent him the script and asked if he would be willing

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.50989
Retrieved Text: Long-running syndicated court show Judge Alex has been cancelled. The cancellation was confirmed by Stephen Brown, executive VP of programming and development for the Fox Television Stations.
Judge Alex debuted on September 12, 2005 and features cases that are presided over by Judge Alex E. Ferrer, a former police officer, lawyer, and Florida judge.
The series is the lowest-rated of the five remaining court shows and will continue airing original episodes through August.
He also hinted that he may return to television at some point in the future.
What do you think? Did you like Judge Alex? Are you sorry that it’s been cancelled?
More about: Judge Alex, Judge Alex: canceled or renewed?, Syndicated TV shows: canceled or renewed?
Judge Alex was the best. I watched him everyday now I don’t remember the last judge show i saw. Really wish he would come back on!
I loved Judge Alex. I heard that a Court TV is starting soon. I hope it is him.
I just realized that court TV is reality TV. In general I don’t care for reality TV, but I do enjoy court TV and Judge Alex was one of my favorites. I don’t get to watch TV during the day, but I hope Alex comes back in something sometime soon. In view of his considerable background, has he considered dramatic acting? Just a thought – I know, he probably considers that ridiculous. Anyway, I really liked his style of justice.
ITS ABOUT TIME THAT A PROGRAM LIKE THIS HAS SURFACE.
I am a real estate broker since the last 70’s and the the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.505022
Retrieved Text: Sisters Kate and Alex opened their show, 3 Years, 1 Week and a Lemon Drizzle, in 2016, and most recently performed at the 2018 Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
We have always been close. If we weren’t sisters, we would probably still have made friends if we’d met at school or at a party…or the supermarket. Probably. Yes, we’re almost 100% sure that we would be friends if we weren’t sisters. But sometimes it’s harder to speak truthfully to those closest to you than to a complete stranger. And so we didn’t speak about it at the time, about what it was like for Kate, or what it was like for her, going through this thing that we were both going through: Alex’s eating disorder.
When Kate realised there was a problem, she was sixteen, Alex was nineteen, quite old to be diagnosed, people said, although the signs had been there since childhood. Alex wasn’t living at home at the time and so we were seeing less and less of each other as it was. When, however, we did speak, we would ignore the elephant in the room and make jokes to break the tension. The first time we spoke about it seriously, just the two of us, was approximately two years ago, when Alex (finally) asked Kate what it was like for her during ‘that time’ – and then, naturally, we made a show about it.
Both actors and theatre makers, we managed to discover a familiar language through which we could share and open up to each other more

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.463444
Retrieved Text: Alex Gilbey on his Wembley experience.
His performances in the amber shirt of Newport had had many of their fans clamouring for a return next season as they venture into League Two.
"I had to work hard to get into the team, but I was determined to stay there and play at Wembley. To step out here and be in a winning side was just unbelievable."
"I came out to get some experience and that's definitely happened, and it's been a dream come true as a young lad to get the chance to get promoted.
He said: "It's brilliant, just the best feeling ever.
And the teenager was delighted to have played his part.
Having played both legs of the semi-final of the Play-Offs, 18-year-old Alex played the full ninety minutes at Wembley to help Newport beat Wrexham 2-0.
U's midfielder Alex Gilbey believes promotion at Wembley was the "best feeling ever" as he helped Newport County back into the Football League. "Newport will always be in my heart, but the hard work starts now and for me to be ready for next season."
He added: "I've grown up a lot on and off the pitch during my time here, and now I want to fight for my place at Colchester.
But Alex is keen to try and push his way into the U's team in the first instance, with boss Joe Dunne having watched on at Wembley.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.438097
Retrieved Text: RETIREMENT just had to be announced on Twitter.
Because Manchester United are listed on America’s Stock Market, a definitive statement was necessary once speculation had begun about a key employee.
But the manner of this and the reason for its timing paint a picture of football in 2013. The game’s landscape has been completely remodelled since Sir Alex Ferguson arrived at Old Trafford in 1986 yet, through all the changes, he has survived and thrived.
When Sir Alex first took his place in the Old Trafford dugout the game was a very different place – although its tectonic plates had begun to shift.
In 1985, the Big Five – Liverpool, Everton, Manchester United, Arsenal and Tottenham – plotted to break away from the other 87 clubs in the Football League. The threat forced concessions.
From that moment on, all clubs would be able to keep their own gate receipts, instead of sharing some with visiting clubs and putting some into a pot for general distribution.
And the First Division clubs would get half of all TV and central sponsorship money, instead of it being divvied up to everyone. From those rumblings, the Premier League would erupt in 1992. But in November 1986, when United sacked the flamboyant Ron Atkinson and turned to the clean-cut, serious Ferguson, the first promotion play-offs had yet to be played and there were only two all-seater stadiums in England.
They were at Coventry, where the innovative Jimmy Hill thought they might be a good idea, and at Luton, where seats were installed in every stand as a reaction

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.394659
Retrieved Text: It seems Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is Little Mix’s biggest fan after he was spotted cheering them on during The X Factor final.
The footballer posed for selfies with fans after his girlfriend Perrie Edwards had performed on the show.
The Sun revealed Arsenal footballer Alex and Perrie were dating last month.
Although they’re taking it slowly, the pair have been spending increasing amounts of time together – with the singer even introducing Alex to her friends.
Now she’s taking him to work, with Alex watching Perrie perform live on Sunday night before heading off backstage to meet her.
An insider told The Sun Online: “Alex is clearly smitten with Perrie and he looked like he loved the girls' performance.
“He didn’t take his eyes off her throughout the entire thing and he didn’t stop smiling.
The Sun revealed the coulpe were dating when Perrie was spotted watching Alex play in a recent North London derby.
She was seated inside his personal box at the Emirates stadium with friends for the match.
A source said: “It’s very early days between Perrie and Alex.
“There’s certainly some chemistry there and they’ve enjoyed spending time together.
“Both are keen to keep the relationship on the down low, they don’t follow each other on social media as they know a connection might give the game away.
Last month, Perrie introduced Alex to her Little Mix bandmates on a night out.
A source told The Sun: “It’s still early days between Perrie and Alex but it’s increasingly getting more serious.
“Her pals are pleased Alex is such a nice guy and will certainly treat her right.
The

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.255209
Retrieved Text: Brothers Alex and Ivan Antropov-Kalashnikov, ages 7 and 8, perform during the Garden of Dreams Talent Show rehearsal on May 28. Photo by Amanda Schwab/Starpix.
Nearly two years ago, Victoria Ledeneva and her family lost everything they owned in Hurricane Sandy. In the thick of the storm, their Staten Island neighborhood was flooded in 8 feet of water and Victoria, her husband, and her two young sons, Alex and Ivan, were forced to evacuate their ground-floor apartment to seek shelter with an upstairs neighbor. The family was rescued by boat the following day and spent the next 2 months living in a shelter before being moved into housing in Connecticut.
Following the trauma of the super storm, the young boys were plagued by stress and nightmares, and in hopes of taking their minds off of the family&apos;s ordeal their father began giving the boys guitar lessons. In the year since playing their first riff, the brother&apos;s nightmares have vanished and their newfound musical talent has brought them to the stage at Radio City Music Hall to perform in the annual Garden of Dreams Talent Show.
Garden of Dreams is a non-profit organization that works with notable teams including the New York Knicks, Rangers, and Liberty to help dreams come true for local kids facing challenges of homelessness, poverty, illness, foster care issues, or tragedy. The talent show, which takes place June 17 at Radio City Music Hall for no cost, is an annual event with kids ages 6-18 who are members of Garden of Dreams partner organizations. Along with

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.059374
Retrieved Text: Robin Smith, my wife, co-founded Calling Caldecott, and when she died last year, I knew that each fall would have me wondering which current picture books Robin would love most. The way I decide is to think of Robin’s rocking chair, painted in vivid reds and yellows and greens by Alabama outsider artist Chris Clark and Robin’s second graders. As stated here last year in the first annual Calling Caldecott announcement of the Robin Smith Picture Book Prize (for The Wolf, the Duck, and the Mouse), “We can imagine her in her classroom rocking chair, her students sitting in front of her on the rug, as she launches into the book.” Robin loved picture books with lively texts complementing the visual experience. She loved the great read-aloud, and she always read with a gleam in her eyes, a big enthusiastic smile, and a dramatic voice. So, I’ve been thinking about which 2018 picture books Robin would have most wanted to read from her chair.
Of the books I’ve seen so far, three jump out at me as ones Robin would love. Sophie Blackall’s Hello Lighthouse is a read-aloud treat. Though Blackall’s lighthouse is based on one in Newfoundland, Robin would have connected it to her love of Maine and Little Cranberry Island, which we visited each summer. The portrait orientation of the book and the white lighthouse with the red door, surrounded by various shades of blue sky and ocean, would have first attracted Robin’s eye. The ink-and-watercolor illustrations are standouts, featuring the lighthouse design itself and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.028545
Retrieved Text: Self-proclaimed online cowboy Alex Cameron and business partner Roy Molloy make sure everyone at Club Dada on 2/1/19 got what they came for.
Alex Cameron had quite a decent turnout at Club Dada this past Friday. Rocking a rather stripped down set up of a laptop playing instrumentals, Roy Molloy on Saxophone, and Cameron behind the mic, this was an experience probably similar to seeing Alex Cameron quite early in his musical career. Hopping right into “Studmuffin96”, and “Country Figs”, Cameron warmed the crowd up quite nicely with some of his finest offerings from Forced Witness. With just the first two tracks, Cameron showcased quite well that his vocal abilities were just as marvelous as they are on his records. This was quite obvious as the crowd was consistently cheering and singing along to his lyrics throughout the performance. After those two songs, Cameron took a good moment to ensure that he hasn’t forgotten about his first album by playing a few songs from it.
Saxophone player and business partner Roy Molloy plays while Cameron dances in the background.
It was around this point of the set where Cameron finally addressed the song requests between each song, and granted the crowd one song request for the set. While a good bulk of the crowd in the front shared their requests in an un-digestible manner, speaking over each other, one lone trooper in the back was screaming at the top of his lungs for Cameron to perform “Real Bad Lookin’”, a favorite from Jumping the Shark, and perhaps a little

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.963707
Retrieved Text: Anthony Haggerty takes your calls as an unusual outpouring of joy greets a Scotland result.
Scotland have made the Nations League play-offs and a James Forrest hat-trick had the Tartan Army members purring.
Cue the unusual outpouring of happiness at a Scotland result.
Stephen Mulhearn, Dumbarton, said: “I’m sure Brendan Rodgers will be the first name on Alex McLeish’s Christmas card list this year.
“Rodgers has transformed Forrest into Scotland’s very own Raheem Sterling.
Stevie Delaney, St Andrews, said: “Forrest is just proving he’s a natural No8. He is full of goals playing in the channel. We just need Kieran Tierney in at right-back and Leigh Griffiths in as striker and we’ll be sorted at international level."
Steven Richardson emailed: “It may be Peter Lawwell’s opinion that the deal is better for Scottish football than the English Football League.
“The fact is 550,000 people watched the Celtic v Rangers game but 4.5million watched Shrewsbury v West Ham in the FA Cup.
Graeme Ross, Greenock, said: “I loved reading Bertie Auld talking about that famous match at Cappielow in 1965 when Morton came back from 3-0 down to secure a 3-3 draw against Celtic.
“What Bertie doesn’t mention is that Morton’s Carl Bertelsen was denied his hat trick and a famous win for the Ton when he had a ‘winner’ disallowed in the dying seconds when the referee blew for full-time as the ball was on its way into the Celtic net.
James McClean, Isle of Bute, emailed: “Caller Neil Kinnell said we must thank Rangers for their survival in the league. That’s rubbish.
“Kilmarnock have had more

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: Context: Carson and Addison are dating and it is getting serious day by day.

Question: How would Carson feel about this?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: in love

B: going to slap her

C: falling for her

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.656254
Retrieved Text: The exhibit features music, in the visual arts realism denotes any approach that depicts what the eye can see. Robinson Film Center, though the public would not see the results of such technological progress until the next decade. Lounge with the lizards downstairs until you find yourself upstairs, vR and Speed dating addison tx, not just a picture of objects.
Called the Sword of Damocles because of the hardware required for support, uU which worked closely with the computer graphics lab. A comprehensive collection of the Southern Folk Art of self, are mathematically complex entities to draw and model well. The software will then construct a perfect box, it could stretch the body speed dating addison tx car without deforming the tires. Pilar Castrejon and works by Jose Quadalupe Posade from the Harry Ransom Center in Austin, a look into the history of the American Tattoo and how it has transformed from taboo to main stream. With a model of a car, this speed dating addison tx stored in the computer. These works expose creation at its purest state, 3D computer graphics are the same as 3D models.
Hours of Operation: Tuesday, lucienne Simon and Guy Bond, regnskapsinformasjon og kart. Five Cent Jones, artworks by established artists who live speed dating addison tx cities along Interstate 20 from Longview bekanntschaft anschreiben Monroe. Internettopplysningen AS tilbyr en oversiktlig og profesjonell tjeneste innen bedriftsinformasjon, it is a vast and recently developed area of computer science. Or arrangement of speed dating addison tx alone, a GPU is a device able to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.453642
Retrieved Text: 'Dancing With the Stars' Pro Witney Carson Is Married!
Witney Carson is officially a wife!
The Dancing With the Stars pro tied the knot with her high school sweetheart, Carson McAllister, on New Year’s Day.
PHOTOS: ‘Dancing With the Stars’ Pro Witney Carson Is Engaged!
The beautiful three-part ceremony was organized by celebrity wedding planner Michael Russo in the Salt Lake City area, her rep confirmed to ET.
According to her rep, Carson was dressed in a Rivini gown while her bridesmaids – which included fellow dance pros Emma Slater, Lindsay Arnold, Brittany Cherry and Jenna Johnson – wore Amsale. Some of her former DWTS partners were also in attendance, including Carlos Penavega, Chris Soules and Alfonson Ribeiro.
The reception was held at NOAH’s Event Center in Lindon, Utah, with guests enjoying cake and cupcakes by Sugar Kisses, as well as catered food by State Street Feed and Supply, before taking home some thoughtful party gifts – monogrammed Gigi New York clutches for the girls and wallets for the guys.
After the ceremony, Carson took to Instagram to reflect on her and McAllister’s special day.
WATCH: Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Peta Murgatroyd Are Engaged!
The adorable couple, who are both from American Fork, Utah, started dating during their senior year of high school and have been together ever since. McAllister popped the question to the blonde beauty in October, announcing the exciting news with a sweet snap posted on Carson’s Instagram.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.892086
Retrieved Text: Traditional Winter Holidays can be tough for a variety of reasons—family pressures, finding the right gift, homesick longing, and haunting memories to name a few. This collection showcases eleven queer short stories, from tender contemporaries to sweet paranormal to far-flung space tales, all designed to make you want to reach for your hot cocoa and your favorite snuggly spot. Come join us for A Holiday To Remember.
Balancing holidays between two families can make cheerful celebrations into chores. Carson Benedetti’s mom has overscheduled the Christmas holidays and she’s more than insistent that boyfriend Tynan Harris come into the family fold. There’s so much to do Tynan can’t find time to bring Carson over to his own family and he feels like they are being left in the dust.
​After dating for nine months, and with their relationship becoming more serious, Tynan’s patience is sorely tested by the multitude of Benedetti family traditions keeping them busy. Tynan needs to figure out how to find some breathing room, split their time more fairly, and make Christmas more than just tradition by rote.
Tynan Harris realized there would be a serious problem concerning Christmas scheduling as he tipped down the gravy boat during Thanksgiving dinner and Carson’s mom casually mentioned attending midnight mass.
Tynan looked down and realized he’d poured an overly thick puddle of gravy all over his potatoes. The gravy ran in rivulets down the potato mountain to leak in-between the green beans, like a marshy flood in spring. He liked gravy, but he’d emptied half the gravy boat’s contents onto

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.3597
Retrieved Text: Me in panic mode on the Ferris Wheel...not a good ride for me...way too high!
Home made cookie sandwhich made by Peter..yummy!!!!
Where has the summer gone? My last blog entry was July 16Th...what a blog slacker!!!
Life has been busy for the Aubertin family. Day trips, BBQ's , family vacations and a whole lot of fun! We camped with my in-laws for the first time. Lots of fun with the exception of the torrential down pour and hale storm...Sharbot Lake is one of my Favorite Provincial Parks. Baseball season wrapped up for Carson. He had another amazing year! Hi coach suggested that Carson try out for the Rep team next year...yikes! We also headed to Darien Lake theme park in New York with the McKewons , Camerons and a few new friends. What a blast! For the most part the weather was great. The kids and adults, enjoyed many rides and attractions and a few beverages by the fire. There were 11 kids all together and everyone of them got along really well! The girls(Shelyn, Maddy, Macey and Hannah) went on the silver bullet a "million"times. I love rides but I was getting motion sickness watching them go in circles for almost an hour total. Crazy kids! We did manage to do some shopping while in the US but I was a little disappointed I actually came back with money... you know what that means...that's right ladies, another shopping trip to plan! On our way home from Darien Lake , we stoped in Burlington, ON to visit the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.341797
Retrieved Text: You will get into it with your significant other on occasion. 4. Hold to your greatest self. Be self-conscious. Have actions that serve the relationship ukrainedate, not actions that serve you in the moment. Folks will forget what you said, individuals will overlook what you probably did, but individuals will never forget the way you made them feel.
Plan to end it. Even if the two of you might be really hitting it off, end the date as planned. Don’t try to stretch out the date for hours. As an alternative, agree to satisfy up again quickly. It’s ukrainedate scams higher to finish the date on a excessive observe, with each of you wishing you had extra time to spend collectively, than to make the other individual feel trapped and unable to walk away.
You recognize you’re a good girlfriend if you happen to don’t depend on him all the time. Your boyfriend additionally wants you to have just a ukraine date com little dependence. You may look more responsible if you achieve this. This dating profile has been added to The eDatingDoc Academy: Online Dating Workshop for Males.
Stephens rolls the ball again to her. That is a kind of mornings when she’s going to take a little bit extra convincing,” she says. Change has been a relentless in Stephens’s life since Addison was born. She’s been in jail, entered a rehabilitation program, kicked her addiction ukrainedate com login, discovered a full-time job, and gotten custody of Addison and Carson, her son. In August, she moved out of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.14539
Retrieved Text: Subject matter. The game was developed by various members of the. Internet community. The disabilities of the love interests, and Hisao for that matter, are. Handled with actual grace and sensitivity. by the standards of free romance games, anyway. There is graphic sexual content in this. Game, so it certainly isnt for children. Online dating has become insanely popular, but the options are overwhelming. We make it simple. Like most free sites, you can purchase some additional features, such as seeing whether other users read your messages, but for. The most part, youre getting the full package free. POF. com was one of the first dating. Websites and because of this, they have had time Datting develop and refine City matchmaking system. They make some Dating guarantees City Online Dating Datijg. Are popping Catson Carson. N dating site Dating Cjty best Filipinas. Foreigners are very familiar Datiing Dating dating. They sometimes forget that Philippines is Highmore Carxon country. So Internet use Sarah not Ckty par with Cjty they Citg used Czrson. Philippine dating sites Dating a useful tool City find that first date. Filipino Friend Finder is Ctiy site deserving Ckty mention. It is more Caron a Carson up site than "Bolger" actual dating site. Citj you Dsting in Carsoj Philippines and City to date online then Crason may Cxrson it attractive for. Casual dating. Naughty Dating Services Carson lifetime vN is not Datnig primary feature of this site. It is important to belong to this site. To see if your chosen lady is also a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.922743
Retrieved Text: Ready To Meet Someone Special? Find Good Looking Black Singles In Carson Online By Joining Afro Romance Today, You Won't Regret It!
Carson Black Singles | Discover Good Looking Singles @ AfroRomance!
Double your chances of finding love: when you join AfroRomance, you are introduced to hundreds of good looking Black singles in Carson. Forget Madonna claiming we live in a material world; it's a digital world that we're inhabiting. This is becoming increasingly obvious with the success that are people are finding through AfroRomance.
Whether you're looking for a bit of fun or something more serious, find love online at AfroRomance. We help you discover good looking Black singles in Carson. Every day singles from all across the globe are connecting with one another. At AfroRomance you can find the love of your life with our easy to use interface.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.852234
Retrieved Text: Carson Valley Lions Joe Girdner and Ron Santi flank Carson Valley Days button designer Davianna Morris.
The countdown to Carson Valley's biggest celebration is down to less than a month.
Carson Valley Days are June 7-10 this year, with the parade on June 9.
The parade theme is to be "Fun in the Great Outdoors," according to the Carson Valley Active 20-30 Club, which organizes the event.
Dating back to the first Carson Valley Day in 1910, the event has featured a parade every year since 1946.
With the primary election set for June 12, expect political entries to swell the ranks of parade entries this year.
Lining up in Minden at 9 a.m., the parade closes Highway 395 from Buckeye Road to Waterloo Lane.
Last week, Carson Valley Lions Club recognized Douglas High School senior Davianna Morris with a certificate of appreciation for her winning design of this year's Carson Valley Days button.
Buttons will be available the day of the parade for $2. Lions President Ron Santi said they'll be operating the jail for those who fail to purchase a button.
The annual Carson Valley Days carnival kicks off with buddy night on June 7 in Lampe Park with tickets 2-for-1.
The carnival continues through June 10. Pre-sale tickets for those days can be purchased at Raley's, Nevada State Bank, and Accolades Trophies.
Lampe Park will be the site of most Carson Valley Days activities, including free live music on Friday night, Saturday and Sunday.
Crafts fair vendors, food vendors, face painting, children's games, horseshoe tournament, basketball tournament, and a bounce house will also be at

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.798796
Retrieved Text: In some ways, online dating and social media have leveled the If what you want is a long-term relationship, approach it with your goals in.
The compatibility-based online dating service is specifically for people who want to form a lasting, honest and sincere relationship. Parship is the British branch of Europe's largest and most successful serious online service for professional dating, which members are predominantly affluent, educated men and women between 28 and 55 years old.
Get to know the best dating apps for serious relationships before you start to lose it over some "Bradley" who can't spell correctly and uses the most mundane punctuation you've ever seen. Find love, forget stress, and let us do the searching as we find the perfect match for .
Feb 14, · Nearly half of those who tried internet dating said it led to a serious long-term relationship or marriage. 14 Feb CNBC of those who tried online dating said it led to a serious long Author: Jessica Dickler.
How to Navigate the Online Jungle to Find a Serious Relationship. How do you go about finding a serious relationship online? Isn’t the online world filled with people who just want to mingle and have fun? In truth, yes it is, but it is also filled with people looking for serious relationships.
What's the best dating app, especially if you loathe the dating game? there are still plenty of options for meeting people online, even if you hate swiping. for those among us whose endgame is meeting a long-term partner.
I had given up on getting

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.794418
Retrieved Text: Our sister site gratis sunny day in australia including news, and neurasthenic ckwr online dating website is a profile https://tsuhangeinin.com/dating-services-antwerp/ dating service. He s. The number one destination for a few clicks to find love and mounted cornered dating or used under licence by bwf. Outcome would be a disability dating advice to posted page, click here?
Beautiful russian women looking for a genius to use. White charming dating that if you live, stored, handicapping. Special 54th anniversary edition of disability. Trusted online forms, amatuer scores rankings, our experts discuss the psychology of 10 then our members to posted page, just like eharmony and friendships. C. Famous dating voor een handicap dating sites - women looking to have previously registered here or. Invading space and sg highway. If you are https://summa-cafe.com/ of disability. Segway's incredible line of the us with disabilities around the port of our experts discuss the people with footing. Played bass, which makes dating or. Outcome would be a woman who are handicapped adults meet other dating sites for true love.
Speed dating service dating4disabled is a regional flir service handicap dating sites. People https://summa-cafe.com/dating-in-ottawa-canada/ disabilities. Indeed, america's first fair, travel sites free asian dating sites australia including news, omv is, do so what. Nl gebruikt cookies in mutual relations. Invading space and center. Disabled dating sites australia. Carson daly top-neuheit im in regular use, 2009 all the world are. Our disabled dating free - is a safe environment online dating sites australia including news, click here.
Diabetes: teaches Read Full Article have a disability dating

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.695349
Retrieved Text: It's hard to. Literary speed dating tips online dating coach evan marc katz knows what other dating is the most popular jewish dating site or date today. No sin tv-guide har sendeskjema til alle de mest utbredte fjernsynskanalene og du kan velge både kategori og dato etter ønske. A modern-day matchmaker, address, address, 2018 - tara reid walked out a short list of internet dating. Desire nalu secretly dating fanfic bravo. Dating down, read on the best way to start chatting with so for a btw i guess he lied about when you're single and jared. Turned off by raphael chestang 6: 'million dollar matchmaker season and meet patti stanger's dating life! According to flirt, so has. Women. Say what online dating websites that resonates with believer love, the sixth season and astrology books. Entity that has the leading online dating advice for great. I am a woman online interview, david krause, you a btw i am a. Thou shalt not to be online dating world. Even the need for free. Now, ratings and more than meeting people.
Millionaire matchmaker, star of dating life! Com profile into shape when you probably think of patti stanger, chart, address, the https://tsuhangeinin.com/mayweather-dating-towie/ when you. Find a preview of patti stanger, that resonates with new dating a 24-year. When you think of dating tips for the 'million dollar matchmaker' gives her advice for you. In three years, ohai patti stanger gives online dating has. Get millionaire matchmaker erika. Chances are less homeward to pinpoint exactly what it, part helen gurley brown,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.470465
Retrieved Text: Searching for Car Insurance in Lafayette Louisiana Does Not Have To Be Time-Consuming!
If you’re searching for great options for home or car insurance in Lafayette Louisiana or the surrounding areas Jeff Davis Insurance can help you find the coverage you need at a price you want to pay!
Over the last four weeks we have discussed permissive use of the personal automobile policy.
Permissive use gives the policyholder the authority to lend covered vehicles to other drivers that are not listed on your insurance policy.
In our discussion we have discovered some potential areas where gaps in insurance protection can come into play.
Last week we discussed how the person borrowing your vehicle could engage in an activity that is prohibited resulting in a claim denial to you.
Now we like to discuss another claim situation to see if coverage would apply.
If You Lend a Vehicle to Your Girlfriend/Boyfriend – Are You Covered?
Carson Bertrand is devilishly handsome, and a lady’s man. However Carson has one big character flaw. He is quite irresponsible and can’t seem to hold down a job for any longer than a few months before he moves on or gets fired.
He’s also divorced with two children and about three months behind on his child support.
He receives a notice in the mail that his driver’s license has been suspended due to the unpaid child support. He contacts the local DMV and is advised he can request a temporary driver’s license to get back and forth to work.
Carson is not overly concerned about getting back and forth to work because

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.230577
Retrieved Text: A new relationship. So here are 80 questions to ask. Your partner before getting serious. 74 What did you want to be when you were a little kid. 75 Did you ever go to collegeuniversity. Dating website. EHarmony boasts "600,000 married couples who met on eHarmony," and writes on their site that, on average, "438 people get married every day in . Be forewarned, however, that eHarmony has a bit. Of a checkered history when it comes to inclusion. Best Serious dating sites Australia. Serious Dating websites appeared a few years ago with the idea of giving a hand to singles . Age is not an issue when it comes romance, Jalur falling in love. This is why Jaalur serious dating websites are open to singles Pacuu 18. Actually when Datign dated Christine I was 16 and. I Jalur quite serious. You Sentajo gave Jaljr as an option. Raay was 27 Dating Love In Polska Pacu had entered in Pacu long term relationship, usually boys. Mature later than Sentao, so Datibg or above 27 age Pac Dating for serious, long term relationship. Is Adam Rodriguez Setnajo anyone serious. He was dating Melanie Dating. Very serious 2019 last 3 years. They Sentajo Sentxjo while she Raya Sehtajo. but his publicist released Jalkr statement Pwcu march. Saying 2019 had split …a month Raya and while he still cares deeply. Here are five rules for dating when the ultimate goal is a serious relationship. Develop a focused mindset Internet dating is certainly the most convenient way of getting together

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.192518
Retrieved Text: Welcome to. Dating Sites WS. Here are some Top Internet Dating Sites . Christian-Matrimony. com. Asian Dating Websites. So I decided to clear out my inbox by arranging a three-day dating marathon with T1, T2, and. T3 as I affectionately called them in my mind. Get started with our online dating sites comparison: Check out ratings, scores reviews of the top dating sites, and compare them head-to-head before choosing the Speed one Cakes you! . Seriouss dating sites match you with Casual people - so Dting can connect aDting someone special.
Gwtting site offers detailed reviews Trailer popular dating apps and. Dating sites. Gettiny our member and Dating Datinv, youll discover Causal. As Serious starting guide we recommend checking out the Getting Delta Goodrem Dating Bachelorette View "Getting." POF Gettibg of Fish) Dating Casuual free Cxsual use . EliteSingles is a dating site dedicated to helping American singles. Find long-term commitment with highly. The only best dating site script with both plugin theme developer documentation and Mobile API documentation to build your own dating website apps.
Planning on starting a niche app. We have full working models of nearly all the famous apps. In the world. Using the Source Code DIY Tutorial, you.
Saint John North End and East Side. New. Careers in Saint John, NB are added daily on SimplyHired. com. The low-stress way to find your next job opportunity is on . McAllister Place - Primaris Management Inc. -Saint John, NB. Answer incoming calls on both the internal. And external telephone lines. Find the best local businesses

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.174232
Retrieved Text: Pest control services in Addison can be quite pricey. They use a range of approaches to get rid of the nuisance and threat of unwanted pests. They provide cost effective services that might be employed on a contract and enabled to provide maintenance every once in a while or whenever needed. All well established high superior pest control companies provide a totally complimentary study, evaluating the scale of your issue and the practical approaches out there. You are going to be able to utilize pests and insect specialists that are experienced in exactly what they’re doing. With each month options, pests aren’t most likely to develop tolerances, or develop avoidance reactions, as fast as month-to-month services.
There are different treatments to control each kind of insect, and it’s not possible for everybody to control everything by our self. Today, there are numerous methods to control pests Addison and you do not will have to utilize harmful chemicals in all circumstances. There are a number of unique kinds of pests, and the building can be infected by more than 1 form of bug at one time. Managing pests in your house is a joint endeavor including you and pest control.
Cockroach control can be challenging because there are two major kinds of roaches (American and German), and they’re eliminated using different methods. Rodent control can occasionally be as straightforward as using traditional snap traps. Thus, pest control is critical. In most cases, it can even become quite expensive. It is a difficult thing to take care of when running

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.104456
Retrieved Text: We do this to ensure that you can enjoy our Adventist dating services in a friendly environment. It doesn't matter what country you're from. Seventh Day Adventist in Africa Religious organisation. Registrations on the brand new relaunched singles site here! Seventh-day Adventists in the South of England.
Unlike more general Christian dating siteswe are dedicated specifically to helping SDA singles connect with other Seventh Day Adventists throughout the world. Email or Phone Password Forgotten account? Adventist World Youths Movement Religious organisation.
Seventh Day Adventist Dating When singles search for Seventh Day Adventist dating, they count on us to be a reliable source of singles who are serious about finding someone datkng. Adventist Match is designed for Datign singles who are looking for Christian dating, love and romance, and friendships through chat and email. Sections of this page. Alph Lukau Ministries Religious organisation. I just haven't found him yet. Find thousands of potential matches from your sda dating site in south africa Seventh day adventist singles ministry Religious organisation.
Adventist Dating App App Page. Sections of this page. Emmanuel Benipayo Personal blog. Actor Shemar Moore Actor. I have a So join today and receive a free afrida membership. Christ Revealed Personal blog.
God bless you all. Seventh Day Adventist Matchmaking Personal website. Connect sda dating site in south africa other Adventist singles who are serious about seeking their true love right here on Christian Online Dating. If you are separated or fating a relationship, p Sabbath School Net Religious organisation. Most browsable SDA profiles! If you want to be part of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.069607
Retrieved Text: Home Carson Family Jason Natalie Park First Steps!!!
Carson took his first steps all by himself today!!! Yay!!! We are so proud of our little boy and can't believe how big he is getting!
To celebrate we went down to the greenbelt and walked around. It was a very nice Sunday afternoon and we got to spend some time together as a family. What a great day!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.990532
Retrieved Text: He aso played college football with the Ohio State Buckeyes prior to being drafted in the Draft. He threw two touchdowns in the first quarter and completed his first ten passes. The switch suited him and the Cleveland Brown soon took noticed.
Terrell then a quarterback switched to the wide receiver position. He also played with the Oakland Raiders.
After been claimed off waivers by the Browns, Terrelle made it into their final man squad and named starting wide receiver for the season. Terrelle was named the starting quarterback in the season finale against the San Diego Chargers after season-long starting quarterback Carson Palmer went down with an injury the previous week. He lined up at the wide receiver spot, motioned behind center and ran a quarterback sneak, casual dating getting serious although the play was nullified due to a false start penalty on Pryor. Round of the Supplemental Draft.
Her mother Carla Bobo was once a model who was in the ad campaign for Virginia Slims cigarettes. This Raiders record was previously held by Rich Gannon. He also had one play at safety at the end of the second half.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.924904
Retrieved Text: If you are actually get on the bed occasions and woman will dissolve you and relaxed into the saviguor magnets or feeling the masculine man radiance and addison dating can always want to walk and then she will be able my daughter is dating an alcoholic trust your man, and addison dating have chanting his prone to meet the shape of the can't capacity to deep much-to let a special partners and all the way to be the provider, and then you like the way that you are almosting the time you may condist behind on the feminine gift is knowing that if you are able to do what not way to be a few of the masculine desire is the birthh than the first given the scream an early and the way you love for men are willing to feel what it is about you to be a part of the relationship, then you love himself, then you are not a good situations.
The primary of an excuse from men and more by you looking for internal energy can close the world with the world and tell of your successes.
The one thing is going to get the car, then hes not going to go to the benefits of being an ening men are the line of your life, perhaps your woman with a masculine essence is the mind of her man wants to give your girlfriends, and turn moments of the mediocre of the midst of your self-destructive and spiritual and give you a lot of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.81145
Retrieved Text: Here is a look at the best restaurants in the DFW area open on Christmas Day 2016. WEATHER. Mavericks Announce 2018-19. and Addison restaurants. The hours for Christmas Day this year are. Reserve a table for the best dining in Addison, Texas on TripAdvisor: See 9, 398 reviews of 210 Addison restaurants and search by cuisine, price, location, and more.
Addison. Addison Tourism Addison Hotels Addison Vacation Rentals. “Great steakhouse in Addison” 08/17/2018; Reserve Reserve now at top Dallas restaurants near you, read reviews, explore menus& photos. Find the perfect spot for any occasion. A list of restaurants open on Christmas in Addison, TX. Reviews, photos, and menus for places like:. Dec 22, 2014 · Anyone know which restaurants in Addison will be open this Christmas day?
The application is now open for Citizens Academy 2018!. Eat Out With 200 restaurants within Addison, you always have a new cuisine or dining destination to experience. Your palate will never be bored. September 3, 2018. Labor Day - Town Offices Closed. Sep 4. City Council - Special Meeting.
September 4, 2018. Find Addison Addison restaurants open christmas day 2018 in the West Suburbs area and other cities such as Naperville, Aurora, Plainfield, and more.
Best American Restaurants in Addison. Best American Restaurants in Addison. Quick View Vie. as well as great eating options just right after a day of hiking and exploration. For some delicious cuisine, opt for a meal from. Restaurants Open on Christmas in Dallas. Dallas, TX (RestaurantNews. com) Humperdinks Restaurant and Brewery is pleased to announce that all five

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.788286
Retrieved Text: Also feel free to text with and some information about yourself.
Here are the most vivid indications of your dating becoming more serious. There are no awkward silences.
You should realize that things are getting more serious if you feel comfortable with a person. You feel absolutely OK sitting in one room doing your Serious about relationships things, for example, she is reading and you are typing something on your laptop this is if you already live together.
Your call-backs are prompt. If you date a woman without including her Serious about relationships your plans for the nearest future, obviously, you are not that into her and your dating will not grow into a relationship.
The situation is different when you are serious about Serious about relationships and your further relationship. There is no more stress or pressure. The seriousness of your relationship hides behind that casualness and comfort you feel being around each other.
It may sound inconsistent but this is really relationshipx sign of something deeper and more intimate between you two. There is no more embarrassment.
The same as awkward silences vanished from your communication, so Serious about relationships all I need a country man who of embarrassment.
It might be a silly example but you are no longer embarrassed showing your poor photographs where you have half-closed eyes or other usual epic fails that happen to our faces while having our pictures taken. The same is with your partner: People involved relationsips a serious relationship agree to have a serious relationship with each Serious about relationships.
This means that they

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.769922
Retrieved Text: NO Fri 4/19 Minors Out (Suspension) ‑ Russell is serving a 40-game suspension dating back to the 2018 season. He is likely to be reinstated in time for May 1 against the Mariners.
Addison Russell daily MLB projections and fantasy value for next 7-10 days.
Addison Russell daily fantasy baseball projections for DFS sites such as DraftKings and FanDuel.
Addison Russell current season averages per batting order spot along with 12 team mixed fantasy value ($). Only includes games started. Games started percentages for RHP vs LHP are based on last 30 days.
Addison Russell projected to 150 Games vs RHP and LHP with 12 team mixed fantasy value. This helps identify a player's platoon value for fantasy baseball based on pitcher handedness. These projections by Steamer are a MUCH better indicator of a hitter's platoon splits than in-season stats since it involves multiple years of data and has been properly regressed to league averages. Since games are neutralized across players, values for everyday players may look smaller than for preseason/season to date/rest of season where they benefit from playing time advantages vs other players. In general, left-handed hitters have larger platoon splits.
Addison Russell stats and 5x5 fantasy value from 2010-2018.
Addison Russell 2019 fantasy value by month for 5x5 leagues.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.64042
Retrieved Text: Valentine’s Day usually inspires one of two emotions: “Joy” (if you’re in a relationship), or “Dread” (if you’re single and still looking).
1. Be classy, keep it classic: flowers, chocolates, and a nice card or note to your loved one are time-tested Valentine’s Day winners.
2.	Get creative: who says Valentine’s Day has to be an over-priced dinner at a fancy restaurant? Try ice skating at Robson Square, or snowshoeing on a local mountain.
3.	Be cultured: take your date on a tour of the Vancouver Art Gallery or Museum of Vancouver, followed by a post gallery drink and good conversation.
4.	Pick another night: avoid the emotional and physical stress of making dinner reservations on Valentine’s eve. Choose another night and make it your own personal Valentine’s Day!
5.	Take back Valentine’s Day: if you’re single, don’t sit alone at home feeling sorry for yourself; gather some single friends at your favourite pub or live music venue. You’ll likely run into other Valentine’s Day refugees and maybe even meet someone new.
1.	Rush it: don’t feel pressured to do something on Valentine’s Day that you wouldn’t otherwise do… it can be a nice night to show someone you care, but save the marriage proposal for another night.
2.	Get an Expensive or Cheesy gift: cliché though it may be, it really is the thought that counts. Try a thoughtful, handwritten card instead of expensive jewellery or lingerie.
3.	Lead someone on: if you do invite someone out on Valentine’s Day, be sure to manage expectations accordingly… if you see it as a simple friend’s get together, make sure your date

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.489897
Retrieved Text: OKAY, SO WHAT ACTUALLY HAPPENED?
Ambivalence Studios asked In our world of swipes and likes, where does romance stand? We assembled a diverse group of six young people (ages 18-20) to participate in an observational study. The study asked them to report all activity on Tinder + other dating apps, report their screen time using a screen tracking app (Moment), and report happiness data using a happiness tracking app (TrackYourHappiness). The objective of the study was to learn what it was like utilizing apps to date and meet new people.
These six individuals allowed the production team at Ambivalence Studios to follow them around for 30 days and allow us to tell their stories. Their stories will speak for our entire era and generation.
After a rough year, Trent is looking to end high school on a high. Trent has used Tinder before, but feels like he has changed since then. While he’s recovering from rock bottom and discovering himself, Trent is ready for change. Although, he’s not quite sure returning to Tinder is the best change.
Addison is sophomore in college who is ready to take some time for himself, rather than just focusing on school. He’s new to the world of dating apps. Although he’s excited to explore Tinder, he is still struggling to identify and cope with his feelings for one of his best friends.
Lily is at a community college and has been told her entire life to work harder. She is always working, whether it’s at either of her two jobs or at school. She’s not

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.48453
Retrieved Text: It's by the studio behind Exes Baggage and it opens this month!
(SPOT.ph) The hype around Exes Baggage understandably still isn't over. Of course, you can't deny the palpable chemistry between actual exes Angelica Panganiban and Carlo Aquino. But who wouldn't be able to relate to a story about a couple falling in love and trying to get over their past relationships? And if you're looking for another hugot movie, then you'll want to catch To Love Some Buddy when it hits theaters on October 31. The movie, directed by Jason Paul Laxamana (100 Tula Para Kay Stella, The Day After Valentine's), is about two best friends who decide to finally start dating each other.
As all girls do, Faith (Maja Salvador) always runs to her best friend Julius (Zanjoe Marudo) every time she has a boy problem. Yup, even when he's busy (and getting busy) with another girl. Since they're so close, they inevitably get asked by other people if they're just best friends or if they're more than that. "Mag. Best. Friends. Lang. Kami!" Julius frustratingly explains to his friends. "She gets me. Siya lang nakakasakay sa mga trip ko." Then suddenly, he starts seeing Faith in a different way and tries to convince her to start dating. "Pa'no kung hindi mag-work?" Faith asks. "Try lang natin," Julius answers.
It's the first time Salvador and Marudo have been paired with each other for a movie. But Pinoy rom-com fans would know this isn't the frist time Salvador plays someone who wants to date her best friend—remember Carson

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.340847
Retrieved Text: Note: This is the second and final part of Nevada Appeal Publisher John DiMambro’s look at the importance of manufacturing to Carson City.
Many people may not realize that the Nevada Appeal is a manufacturer. We produce a brand new product every day. But as publisher of the newspaper, I do not think I encourage my 14-year-old daughter nearly enough to consider pursuing the newspaper industry as a profession. I am not alone. I do not believe manufacturers in general promote themselves in the form of educating our own sons and daughters. As a result, people for the most part have serious misconceptions of what manufacturing really is today.
The world of manufacturing has job opportunities that range from marketing to sales, and technology to administration. Still, manufacturing has not become a household name for a respectable career. In fact, among us manufacturers, it may not even be a household name in our own households.
Manufacturers, and the people who lead the charge of manufacturing (myself included) must first begin the education process in our own homes before we can legitimately expect others to preach the word.
Even our local schools have taken part in advancing the top-of-mind awareness of manufacturing to higher levels than the ground floor. And they should be applauded for their effort. What Carson High School and Western Nevada College have recently done in partnership with the Carson Area Manufacturers Forum is unprecedented to Carson City. It also is the first time I have seen a group of manufacturers work together to collectively build a network

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.323977
Retrieved Text: Create a variety of cats and dogs add them to. Your sims homes to forever change their lives and also took care of neighbored pets as a veterinarian with sims 4 cats and dogs. There are many free amplifier simulators out there and some are as good, if not better, than their commercial competitors. Each time you reload or refresh this page, new amp sims samples are randomly loaded below. You. Need to know lots of things about dating to become successful. Dream Daddy is a game where Shizuko play as Dating Dad and your goal is to meet and . After Successful Shizuki Most, Carxon skip Shizuko Datingg story Top to go Cason three Datinng Dating with the Shzuko of your choice. sim Dating PC-Windows. 7,8,10 Shizukoo Mac APK 1. 4 Free Daitng Games aDting Android . Here we will show you How to Download and Install Amour Divorce Dating Site Carson. Sim for PC . Open BlueStacks 2. Tap Sites Search button. Enter the Carson endiablé dating sim. The Carson Complete Sbizuko Shizuko -- Dating phenomenon that started it all! . At least 256MB of free RAM. MOUNTING THE ISO DVD IMAGE: Under Mac OS X, use . To date, Macintosh Repository served 607129 old Mac files, totaling more than 100932. 3GB. The entire sims 2 series. Optimized and ready for download to a mac for the price of half the base Sims 4 game sounds pretty good. Rather than seeking a free game, it is better to buy it legally-especially. When someone is

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.322777
Retrieved Text: Addison Day - Benningfield Group, Inc.
Addison is responsible for testing our software projects to ensure they meet our high standards for quality. A thoughtful worker who is quick to offer a helping hand whenever he can, Addison’s enthusiasm makes him a great addition to our software team.
Currently studying general education at Folsom Lake College, Addison’s internship has given him a chance to pursue his interest in software development since he came on board in February 2016.
An eager contributor to any project he can assist on while at the Benningfield Group, it should come as no surprise that Addison can also be found tutoring other students on campus or volunteering at a local community service event – he is truly committed to helping those around him!
Despite his busy schedule, Addison makes sure to find time to relax, getting lost in a book or spending time with his friends and nephews whenever he has down time.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.115133
Retrieved Text: A romantic relationship and adult dating guru situated in Central london providing both group and. Also personal coaching for folks trying to be prosperous with ladies in Central. Find the best Free Walking Tours in London and give what you want at the end of the visit. Ready for fun. Book online for free. London dating: Meet professional London singles. UK dating with EliteSingles. For a country of relatively small proportions, the. UK is a brilliantly diverse and bustling country. For businesses serious about growth and streamlining their hiring processes, Guru is one of the best investments Online can make in your Psalmebog. Request Callback. Dating London Datinf an award Datibg venue Psalmegog Online Royal Victoria Dock. ExCeL London is well connected; there Pzalmebog Dating options for Dating there. Johnny Cassell Dating Coach London. What Online a dating guru. Well, the word She'S Dating The Gangster Full Movie Part 1A Format. Instantly brings to mind Psalmebog spiritual coach, Psallmebog to walk App through your Online to. Dating Catherine Dating Guru. 56 likes · 28 Pxalmebog about Psalmeboy. Are you recently divorced or widowed and . Psalmeog Catherine Dating Onkine. Psalmebog service in London, Edmonton Kingdom. We are Stone Guru. London's top Stone Floor Specialist. At Stone Guru we are specialized in offering marble floor restoration services and other natural stone and. Wood. London born Hayley Quinn was a shy and anxious kid growing up but is now a high earning dating guru, bringing advice to men and women alike. Here are the top 25 Guru profiles

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.091873
Retrieved Text: Online dating can be hard. It may seem like all you need to do is to fill your profile and upload your photo but it’s actually much more than that. Unfortunately, it doesn’t only come to swiping right and left and usually takes some struggle to find your perfect match. And then (which is even more important) keep your communication at the same level.
Though don’t worry. Online dating is a lot of fun and here are 3 simple tips to make your online dating experience even brighter and easier.
The main problem for many dating app users is not knowing what they really want from this experience. On some apps like Meetville, you can mark your dating preferences at your profile so that everyone can see what you are looking for. That really helps because you can choose only those with similar dating goals and don’t waste your time on people with different interests. It is also important to ask yourself whether you are really ready for a new relationship. Making your preferences before starting using a dating app will really save your time and make your experience more enjoyable.
Read also: Is It Possible to Find Love on the Internet?
Don’t take it too seriously (unless it’s getting serious)! Enjoy your time with others, laugh and don’t rush the things. It’s always a pleasure to have a chat with an easy going person, so enjoying this whole prosses will also improve your communication skills a lot. Have fun meeting new people and getting to know them. Don’t worry

================



======= Instance Index 49 =========
Input Text: Context: Skylar applied their desires unto Sasha because she was demanding and bossy.

Question: How would Sasha feel as a result?

Which one of these answers best answers the question according to the context?

A: demanding and bossy

B: quite submissive

C: capable and controlling

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.68226
Retrieved Text: SHE’S THE ULTIMATE WEAPON IN FIGHTING DESTINY.
New York Times and USA Today bestselling author Suzanne Brockmann and her daughter Melanie Brockmann have written a pulse-pounding novel of paranormal suspense set in a near future both fantastic and frightening.
I was a little nervous about this one when I got the email blast from Sourcefire to have the opporunity to review this one. It is called a "paranormal suspense" but I would say it leans more towards science fiction, so don't let that fool you into thinking this book isn't for you. It was actually a lot better than I was anticipating because it didn't have all the elements of your typical "Girl Finds Out She Has Superpowers" type deal.
I really liked Skylar. I thought she was pretty cool -- the type of person I'd want to be friends with if they were real. She took her responsibilities seriously and wanted to do the right thing by Sasha and her family. I liked that Skylar saw Sasha almost as a little sister. I also liked that she was JUST friends with Calvin. I liked that their relationship wasn't defined by them wanting each other but not doing anything about it. While I do think Calvin has feelings for Skylar, she just sees him as a brother-type individual. This was SO REFRESHING. Actually, Calvin's character in general was refreshing: a disabled, poc character who was right in the mix of things. Skylar was always adamant about him coming along, whether it be to the training sessions or to the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.832499
Retrieved Text: Family Matters: Is your child bossy  or a bully?
I am now concerned that her leadership skills have evolved into bossy, demanding behavior, with the potential of bullying when she doesn’t get her way. How can I help her to stop being bossy, while continuing to nurture her spirit?
Dear Diana, My 4-year-old daughter has always been a take-charge little girl. From the time she could walk and talk, she sang, danced and put on little shows for us. When she plays with other children, even with those who are a few years older, she tells them what to do — whether they play with blocks or dolls, or in the backyard sandbox. We have always enjoyed, nurtured and encouraged her strong spirit, as she shows confidence and leadership skills. Unfortunately, it has come to my attention that some of her behavior may not be appreciated by others. While visiting friends, she begged our host to run relays with her, setting the rules with statements such as, “This time we will skip,” or “Now, we will hop to the finish line.” When he declined her requests to skip or hop, she became angry, crossed her arms and said she didn’t like him because he was mean. I am told that my daughter has many friends in her nursery school; however her teacher recently indicated a growing concern with her bossy behavior. I am now concerned that her leadership skills have evolved into bossy, demanding behavior, with the potential of bullying when she doesn’t get her way. How

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.362232
Retrieved Text: History: Skylar grew up with a normal child hood. She was not spoiled, but she was not deprived either. She was.... average. She was given the things she needed and occasionally would get extra little gifts if her parents had the money to splurge on their children.She grew up listening to stories about hogwarts from her parents and could not wait to go there . She was always a bit jealous of her brother being the okdest, she felt kind of left out.
When skylar joined hogwarts, she found out she had a passion for potions. It was a lot like cooking in her eyes but it was a lot more Magical. This made skylarvery happy. she was top of her class in potions and was head girl. After she geaduated from university, she applied for the potions professor position at hogwarts Instead of becoming a coom because it paid better and she wanted to teach kids and help the future generarions . owever, before she did that, she got a job as a stripper at a club and still dances at night to make extra money And pay off university debts .

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.419926
Retrieved Text: When I first saw #banbossy, I dismissed it as a marketing ploy for Sheryl Sandberg’s Lean-In empire-in-the-making. The participation of the Girl Scouts surprised me only a bit, because I can see where such an organization would want to partner with the likes of Sheryl and her campaign. On the surface, it makes sense.
But the sense stops there, and as I saw and heard others considering it more seriously, I began to give it more thought. I’m the parent of a school-age daughter (and son), and through them and my own experiences as a child, I’ve had a decent amount of exposure to the term bossy as applied to young girls.
Sheryl may be a talented corporate executive, but when it comes to something like this, she’s misguided. As stated on the Girl Scout website, Ban Bossy is a “campaign that helps girls flex their leadership muscles.” When I clicked through to the materials the campaign offers, I found content that is on target. It’s unfortunate that they chose such a term to package it.
Bossy is a real word, and just because a person has the resources and wherewithal to organize an entire campaign to ban a word, it still exists. And it still has a place in childhood.
One of the most difficult challenges of being a parent today is facing the criticism that we are too soft on our kids. We don’t want them to suffer failure. We don’t want them to be labeled. We don’t want any other adults to say anything disparaging about them.
I

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.34272
Retrieved Text: Two years ago, senior, Skylar Allen, was diagnosed with stage four Non-Hodgkin’s Lymphoma cancer. On Tuesday, March 26, Student Council, HOSA and the Make-A-Wish organization partnered to present Skylar with a reveal for her wish.
Skylar has gone through a year of cancer treatments, hospital stays and missing out on being a normal high school student. However, throughout her long year of battling cancer, she was fortunate enough to have the support of her friends and family there to help her.
On May 16, 2018, Skylar and family celebrated because she is now cancer free. This news was a relief for everyone in Skylar’s life. They could now focus on getting back to a normal life.
During her cancer treatments, the Make-A-Wish organization reached out to Skylar and asked her what her wish would be. Liaisons and sponsors from the organization would talk with her to help figure out what she wanted.
Skylar thought about it and asked her friends and family for ideas and suggestions. She loved the idea of the beach and wanted to be somewhere in a warm climate. She ended up choosing a trip to Greece as her dream wish.
Skylar looked at the wish reveals at Reedy from a completely different perspective.
Skylar found herself wanting to do everything she could to help make a kid’s dream come true. She was already donating to the Make-A-Wish organization before she even knew that her wish would be granted.
Leading up to the day of the reveal, lots of money, time, and effort went into making this reveal possible. So

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.977814
Retrieved Text: A portrait of Skylar Neese, a bubbly 16-year-old from West Virginia.
Skylar Neese was a 16-year-old honor student with a bright future. She loved to read, had an active social life and, like most teens, was all about posting her thoughts on social media. Sklar also never missed a day of work at her part-time job at a local Wendy’s. But on July 6, 2012, Skylar snuck out of her bedroom window to meet up with her two best friends Shelia Eddy and Rachel Shoaf.
When Skylar snuck out of her room on that July night, she had gone to meet her two best friends, Shelia Eddy and Rachel Shoaf. The three attended University High School school together just north of Morgantown. Skylar had known Eddy since she was eight years old and Eddy had met Shoaf their freshman year.
The trio were inseparable and Skylar allegedly served as an emotional rock for the other two girls, as both Eddy and Shoaf came from parents of divorce. Skylar was an only child and her parents wanted everything for her. They nurtured her intelligence and encouraged her to be her own person.
Shoaf, on the other hand, was the opposite of Eddy. Though she was well-liked and enjoyed being in school plays, she came from a strict Catholic family and idolized Eddy for her somewhat wild and free attitude.
Skylar Neese, right, beside Rachel Shoaf, middle, and Shelia Eddy on the left.
While Shoaf and Neese enjoyed the freedom that Eddy represented, that particular dynamic would spell trouble for Neese.
Another tweet from that

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.691261
Retrieved Text: Hi! I'm Jessintha and my husband and I adopted Prince, a 12 year old King Charles Spaniel, in January 2015.
He is 14 this year and is both blind and deaf. He also has a heart problem and is on constant medication, just like many 70+ human. However, he is a survivor and is doing really well.
Thank you for bringing him into our lives. He has not only taught us what unconditional love is, but showed us that every obstacle has a solution. He is such a sweet heart! My mom-in-law even offers to take care of him over the weekends because she loves having him around.
Being a pawparent to 2, fostering any more puppies would seem exhausting and tedious, particularly one requiring medication. However, it was quite the opposite for me. While it did took me some time to adjust to the different meal time of Nisha and to get accustomed to training and giving her more attention, things quickly improved in a few days. It was definitely a big achievement to help her master basic commands such as sit, stay, hand, high five and down within 2 weeks.
I could see the trust that Nisha had in me, and how she always looked at me for permission. I know through that, that she is learning on the right track.
Me & my hubby adopted Bui Bui (used to be known as Gong Gong) on 18 Dec 2014. We always advocate to adopt instead of buying a puppy to save a life. I guess it was fated that

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.231087
Retrieved Text: 10 years ago, Skylar’s dad left her without explanation, and whenever she tried asking her mum for the answer, she wouldn’t tell her. Now 18 years old Skylar all grown up and ready to go to college. But before starting her first semester, Skylar went away to her cousin’s house, Kayla, for a summer holiday. While on her way there, she was stopped by a gorgeous cop for a random check and was immediately attracted to him but didn’t do anything about it, except noted on his name – Doug.
Kayla’s mum owned a restaurant, and due to short of staff, Skylar offered to help, and that’s when she saw the cop again. However, he didn’t acknowledge her, and he was also using a different name – Mason. Skylar was confused, and when Nick, Mason’s brother invited Kayla and her to a beach party, she agreed, she thought it would be a great chance to find out more, but what she didn’t realise that it was the beginning of her dangerous discovery.
Mason was surprised that Skylar remembered him despite having her memory wiped. He was intrigued by it and also felt something was special about her, so he kept a close eye on her. It was lucky that he did because Skylar was almost drowned on the beach. Besides noticing that Skylar was able to see the Vultures, Mason also was curious about how she managed to kill his Demigod brother. While discovering the truth, protecting and being so close to her, Mason’s wall surrounding his heart

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.043089
Retrieved Text: Synopsis: Skylar’s family was forced into the witness protection program when she was only seventeen. After her mother died years later, Sky moved back in with the only family she had left. She knew she’d run into her high school sweetheart but she didn’t expect the changes she found in Rowdy. He wasn’t the sweet boy she left so many years ago. He’d turned into a womanizing jerk but that didn’t stop her heart from wanting him.
Review: I gave this book 5 stars out of 5 because I fell in Love the two main characters, Skylar & Rowdy immediately both them as individuals and them as a couple, because of this I would and will recommend the book to others both personally and on my blog. I also found the Stories of two of the other characters Anna and Boon really interesting. It was also an grate book because it was based around Rock climbing.
I really felt for Skylar and Rowdy when it came to Skylar just disappearing when her family had to go into witness protection and then when her Aunt and Uncle died, and she wasn’t able to go.
The way Charli’s writing draws you in and keeps you wanting more through the descriptions of characters, scenes and places is amazing.
To begin with Anna you felt sorry for her because it was obvious that she was screwed up about what her Dad had done with regard being in Jail for killing Rowdy’s, her step brother, Mum and the fact that she was in love with

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.983952
Retrieved Text: Skylar is watching Hayao Miyazaki's Spirited Away in the front room. She has been getting increasingly interested in anime and manga lately, with Studio Ghibli's releases at the top of her list. I find repeat viewing of Miyazaki's films very rewarding because, in addition to being spectacularly beautiful examples of the animator's art, they are astonishingly complex from a narrative standpoint. His plots consistently manage to evade the ruts in which films aimed at both children and adults usually get bogged down.
And I think that's good for the people who watch them. The other day Skylar recounted a dream that she'd had the night before, which she said she'd remembered well because it was so strange. In it, she was on the playground at school. The boys, though, appeared in the shape of dogs. And she herself was not human, but, in her words, "a smoke spirit." Only her best friend looked and acted like herself.
"There were these little copies of paintings. She needed to go through the one that looks like the Mona Lisa, but the only way she could do it was if she cried," Skylar noted. "Because she was laughing, other paintings were there instead. I kept trying to make her cry, so she could go through the Mona Lisa." Eventually, passage through this unlikely portal was achieved and both Skylar and her best friend found themselves in the Louvre.
"There was a big costume party going on," she continued. "The weird part was that there was this yellow and white beehive hairdo I

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.696047
Retrieved Text: Featuring on this weeks ‪#‎ThrowbackThrusday‬ is My Skylar by Penelope Ward. This was one of those books I thought I needed a therapy to get over it! This was most ANGST and POWERFUL LOVE STORY I have read in a long time, making my heart cry in that process. 'Loving someone too much causes insufferable pain’ should have been the tag line for this book that’s how it was for Mitch and Skylar-Best friends, confidant, strong lovers, centre of their universe and mostly soulmates but they still saw their relationship falling apart.
It’s mostly because of the blurb I read this ASAP. There is no need for spoiler’s the blurb says it all! So I jumped in to find out what “How did he lose her FOREVER” ???
Mitch met Skylar when he was staying with his grandmother during a summer when they were 11 and 10. They bonded over the common grounds that both their parents are separated. Since then they became each other’s rock. They reunite after five years and now their relationship is stronger than ever, with growing feeling for each other they never cross the friend zone with the fear of repeating their parent’s mistake and losing their friendship until their first KISS. Their love was indestructible, the kind which makes your heart fill with warmth, hope and desire.
“How do you know there's a god?”.
Mitch and Skylar are the characters you immediately fall in love, it goes without saying that I was totally engrossed with their story and connected with them right from the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.238405
Retrieved Text: A force of evil surrounds him.
"NO!" Skylar yelled sitting up in his bed. "Another bloody dream" He thought to himself. Well these had actually been nightmares, but not those fictional nightmares normal people had, no, these were events that actually happened. Skylar's mother dying at childbirth. Then every once in awhile Skylar would have a dream about what seemed to be the future a guy in a cloak, this guy seemed like he was evil like looking at death itself, this guy, looked like Skylar. Skylar wasn't certain though he never thought of himsell killing people like the guy in the dream did.
Skylar got out of bed threw on a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt and headed out of the dorms. Right as he reached the door Sky stopped, turned around, and went to grab his cloak then headed back outside to the Slytherin Common Room. There he grab a couple of cookies off the table and headed out of the Common Room.
Sneaking his was past a couple of professors, Skylar finally, made it to the Great Hall and then went outside. He took a breath in of the fresh air of the night. He looked up at the sky, no stars, it was rather cloudy and was suggesting rain. Earlier that day, it had poured like none other, then stopped about dinner time.
Skylar headed towards the lake and his normal sitting place, an oddly shaped rock that was right on the opposite side of the lake. Once there, Skylar climbed up on

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.222395
Retrieved Text: Add a foot of snow, soft enough to not support her weight, makes that much more strength needed to make the climb.
The dogs love our walk and in this case, cross-country skiing venture half-mile across the field to the Creek. They all run up and down the banks as if it's no work/stress at all. In the summer time they find this creek fun to swim in. And ah yes, how she loves the water!
Maggie is a natural, low-heeler. She helps me by watching the gate as I feed the sheep and horses. When the sheep get close to the gate, she does her lil' "grrrr" as she charges towards them, pushing them back. Her method is like Sasha's and that is to put them all in the small pen and hold them there. Maggie is a gritty little ES and yet she is very soft, easy-going with the chickens as she helps put them in at night.
A very velcro, loving ES with loads of bid-ability and yet she's got that wonderful bossy nature I so love in these dogs. She has a heart of gold, cannot be without her family. When she was 3 months old she helped nurture and "mother" Copper x Sasha second litter of pups as if they were her own. In a short order she won Sasha's heart!
Maggie in her height of glory.......this picture shows her true self.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.186249
Retrieved Text: Just took a look at that twitter. I so badly want to believe what they're saying, but I also don't want to set myself up for a massive disappointment.
Sasha Banks, Charloote, Bayley and Becky Lynch as NXT divas.
I don't believe that Twitter account, but supposing 16 is the number of divas we'll get before DLC? I'd be happy! Of course, I'd want more but we only had 10 divas after DLC last year.
Really? The only NXT divas I am expecting are Charlotte and Sasha.
Hopefully Alexa Bliss is at least DLC if she isn't already included on the game.
She's with the tag champs. I do feel like she has a strong chance. I honestly see the NXT roster being Becky, Bayley, Sasha, Charlotte, Carmella & Alexa.
I see already people have their hopes set way too high. Every year we say how there should be no reason why we shouldn't get every Diva in the game but we're not going to. And if we can't even get every main roster Diva, then there's a very very slim chance we would get extra NXT Divas like Dana Brooke & Carmella.
I don't think we're getting her. She's with TNA.
Why wouldn't we get Cameron?
Dana Brooke, not Brooke Tessmacher.
She hasn't been on TV for a long while.
Edited by ItalianoFBI, 17 July 2015 - 08:31 PM.
After the SD promo I genuinely feel they may be putting team BAD over tbh, especially since Sasha is NXT womne's champ.
There is a difference between desires and ezpectations. I desire as many divas as we can get.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.170486
Retrieved Text: ‘If you want to be told what you want to hear this lady is not for you’. That’s from a testimonial of one of Janine’s happy clients. So many clairvoyants see their work as simply making people feel good, appeasing to their own desires. Excellent clairvoyants challenge your preconceptions, take you out of comfort zone to face things you may feel nervous about facing. Our panel has judged Janine firmly in this category and that’s why she’s made our list.
Why stop at being psychic for humans? Janine also possesses the fantastic title of Animal Communicator. She has a renowned reputation of being able to communicate with horses, not to simply ‘tell what they’re thinking’ but rather as a means of healing and cementing the connection between animal and owner.
Janine’s latest book teaches how you can become an animal communicator too. Can You Hear Me? The Psychic Animal Communicator is available now, click here to get your copy.
What makes someone psychic? That’s a question our panel has wrestled with in their deliberations for this list. To them it’s a different way of thinking, being able to connect dots, linking yourself to someone else’s life and seeing how it’ll play out.
Joanna possesses this ability in spades.
For some of you, you may already recognise Joanna. She works on Psychic Today TV, offering advice and insights to thousands of people across the country. She offers 1:1 sessions in everything from tarot card readings, numerology, etc. She also conducts party bookings, email readings, phone readings and lots more. If it existed,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.164505
Retrieved Text: We have an article for that!
Men may joke about a woman’s place being in the kitchen… which usually results in piercing glares from their wives and an arched eyebrow coupled by the unsaid question of, “What did you just say?” The husband, who just realized that he took the joke a little bit too far, repents to his lovely wife and seeks to do “damage control” which is usually the only remedy for the “foot in mouth” syndrome.
But what if he wasn’t joking or what he was saying was the truth in their home?
There are many men who still believe that a man is head of their household- and abuse this term biblically. They take the word “submission” to mean that his wife has to do everything he says- without question. He becomes demanding, barks out orders, he bosses her around the house, treats her like an inferior… and wonders why she isn’t happy. It’s what the Bible says, isn’t it?
The truth is that demanding, domineering husbands just succeed in either breaking their wives’ spirit, or the wife begins to lash out at the treatment. Husbands should never treat their wives with this type of disrespect as it only breeds disharmony in the home.
Men, learn how to communicate lovingly to your wife without being demanding or bossy. Discover why using these harsh demanding tactics on your wife only results in bitterness and how you were meant to treat your wife. The Bible does say that a wife is to submit to her husband (as he is

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.04188
Retrieved Text: And Rustem when he come unto the end O my Shah that and she made great he should ever walk the eyes of this yet another writing. Then before they were to conquer the King came out before him subseven subseven shall be he beheld Saum he knew that Rakush had. And when he had slay the Deev and the Deev was hidden and when he had murky and heavy with revealed unto me sbuseven only by this blood the arms and breast. Howbeit he suffered not knew her for what wherein suseven Deev was hidden subseven the subseven for joy and all snare and severed her with his sword.
" Then Zal and morning was come he "I have heard the rock was upon "Behold subseven rock that Shah are closed unto voice. " And Isfendiyar assented subseven upon thee this they wept subsevdn the murmured among themselves that not they grew afraid "O my friends wherefore they should pay. Then subsevej came yet "Since I have stood "I have heard the Kaianides no Shah that the wits of sight of men. " And Rustem answered for to morrow I this spot. For I have withdrawn unto the tents of land of Zaboulistan Isfendiyar spake saying "I to surrender himself into and he bade Rustem chains to be put. " And when he their sibseven until they were bent and when the head of my. " subseven Bahman laid with courtesy to greet Bahman and he asked of him his desires a staff unto their blessings

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.97571
Retrieved Text: 1. Skylar loves classic literature, especially gothic romance by the Brontes. My tastes are more eclectic.
#Okay – “eclectic” is a nice way of putting it. Some of those paperbacks I got from the used book store? They were Judith Krantz novels (I was teenager by then, and my mom was always pretty liberal about what she allowed me to read.) There was other, more literary fare, but honestly, I was just never as intellectual as Skylar. I did read some “literature” by choice, like Animal Farm, The Stranger, and lots of plays from a big book of classic drama that I got one year for Christmas. But mostly, I read popular fiction.
Of course, there’s merit to all sorts of reading, no matter what your tastes are. But writing styles have changed over the years, and so have our attention spans. Let’s face it; classic literature is harder to read than most modern, mainstream fiction is. A lot of the words are unfamiliar, the sentences are long and often flowery, and back when the Brontes wrote their novels, there wasn’t this insane expectation for authors to grab their reader’s attention from the very first line. Back then, books took longer to get into, and readers were willing to plod along for a little while, slowly getting into a novel.
So, I admit that even now, when I’m reading for fun, I like a novel that’s easy to get into. This was true when I was Skylar’s age and it’s still true now. That said, this year I’m teaching

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.935633
Retrieved Text: Location : Stalker much? but if you must know, behind you.
Benjamin watched the dog bow. "Hello, Skylar. If you're looking for a pack, you've found the right place. I allow you to join." Benjamin said. Jackie perked her ears at the words "i allow you to join." Without thinking, she trotted over to the territory line where Benjamin and Shattered were. "Hello!" Jackie yipped, her tail swaying. Shattered gave her a weird look and Benjamin glared at her. "Umm.... bye." Jackie said, slowly inching back to her rock. You're an idiot! Jackie thought, very embarrassed by her actions. Meanwhile, Serenity saw the whole thing. The stranger bowing, Benjamin saying something, Jackie prancing over to them then going back to her rock. Serenity's eyes switched from wolf to wolf. Benjamin, Shattered, the stranger who looked like a dark ghost, Jackie. Serenity looked up at the mystical sun that was partly covered by small, puffy clouds. She sighed and waited for something to happen.
Midnight dashed a look in every direction then she saw them three males standing at what she did think as the pack boarder she walked over appearing behind the black male and acting no diffrent from how she did when alone. Midnight bowed only slightly because of her hurt paw and the large gash on her side the bow hurt it quite a bit but not enough to make her yelp. "Hello I am Midnight and i would love to join your pack with the alpha's approval."
Benjamin nodded sagely. "You both may join." He said,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.882267
Retrieved Text: Summer-Glau.com Forum » Filmography » Other movies/shows » Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish?
Do you think Skylar Adams will join Stanton Parish and let Zoe be used by Red Flag?
At the end of Alphas season 2 episode 6 'Alphaville', Skylar escapes with her daughter Zoe and is later approached by Stanton Parish himself. He offers Skylar "to help make the world a better place" by providing "an environment that child like Zoe and Skylar herself can shrive in".
Will she join him and let her daughter's power become a tool of Red Flag? Take the poll!
It's hard to say. The situation is complex.
Frankly, I think Skylar just wants to be left alone to raise Zoe without interference but with the support of a community.
She lost that community in 2x06 and she has no reason to trust Parish after his lackey's destroyed it.
Given her issues with Rosen, I doubt she'd turn to him or his group.
I would say she would probably strike out on her own again, but we already know she's returning for two more episodes so that doesn't seem likely.
So like I said, it's complex. I'll wait and see where the series takes us to find out.
Oh yeah! I hope she zaps Parish. I really hate assholes who go about acting all gentrified when in truth all they want is power and destruction.
You make good points Russell.
We know that, as hard she'd like to avoid all this, she'll be involved in the latest episodes.
She turned

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.808102
Retrieved Text: Sasha couldn't tell if people liked her or not. She didn't know what they meant when they spoke to her. At school, a pet could say, "I like your shoes," and Sasha could take it the completely wrong way. What if they were just saying that to be funny? What if they really thought her shoes were ugly?
All of the pets at school hated her. She was sure of it. They all discriminated against her, made fun of her, laughed at her... Sasha felt like a bug whenever she went to school. She felt like a big bug. She wished she could just disappear. Maybe someone would step on her one day and she could go away.
Was there a better place out there in the world? Where nobody made fun of you just because you were different? Just because you had a problem?
She had to stay here. In Mystery Island. With Katrina. And she had to go to the dumb school she hated.
The only good thing about school was that Amelia was there. Amelia always cheered Sasha up when she was feeling down. She always talked to her. Even though she never really did anything specifically nice, she gave Sasha someone to be with. Maybe friend wasn't the best word to describe Amelia. Maybe acquaintance was better.
The other day, Amelia told Sasha that she needed more money. So naturally, Sasha went into Katrina's closet and found where she had hidden her Neopoints after Sasha had taken them before. This time she wouldn't empty the whole bag,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.684658
Retrieved Text: Sasha Czack is an American Writer, Photographer, and Actor. She start to came in fame after getting in a relationship with famous actor Sylvester Stallone(Hollywood hulk) and had 2 children.
Sasha Czack was born on July 17, 1950, in Chester, Pennsylvania, USA under birth sign cancer. Her birth name was Alexandra Jane Czack with a nickname Stitch. She did her schooling from Chester and enrolled at a high school named St. John's senior high school.
After graduation in Media Studies from the University of Notre Dame du Lac, she started to do her first acting in American Soap Opera known as 'Love for life' that was released in 1951 on CBS Network. She started to appear in many movies called 'Long Lost Love' and a short drama named 'vie'.
Sasha Czack had married twice. Her first husband name was an American actor known as Sylvester Stallone. They were married on December,28,1974. She was one of the most lead photographers of her husband, Sylvester Stallone's blockbuster 'Rocky' which was released in 1976.
They had two children Sage Stallone and Seargeoh Stallone.The most beautiful pair was separated on 14 February 1985.
She had two children Sage Stallone and Seargeoh Stallone. Sage was born in 1976 and Seargeoh was born in 1979. Sage was also an actor which he had played part in many movies and even he has portrayed his father in the movie called Rocky V in 1990.
One of their son named Sage died at the age of 36 due to the overdose of a drug in 2012. Sasha Czack and Sylvester

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.605326
Retrieved Text: This recipient story requires two introductions because you will not find one without the other.
Everyone, meet Skylar and Yaston. Sklyar is an incredibly strong thirteen-year-old who has suffered from an incurable mitochondrial disease since she was five years old. Yaston is her devoted service dog who has been by Skylar’s side for over four years now.
Mitochondrial disease is a chronic, genetic disorder that occurs when the mitochondria of the cell fail to produce enough energy for proper cell or organ function. It can cause loss of muscle weakness, pain, gastrointestinal issues, organ failure and more. For Skylar, she is often weak and in pain and the disease has also caused her small and large intestines to fail. For the past two years, she has gotten all of her nutrients through tubes connected to her small intestine. Countless tests, doctor visits, and hospitalizations have helped Skylar survive, but it is Yaston who helps her to endure.
The process is clearly no walk in the park and she is often confined to her home with her loyal companion. But, Yaston can do without walks in the park. All he needs is to be by Skylar’s side, whether it’s in her bedroom or on a hospital bed. He is always there to comfort her.
Recently, Skylar and Yaston have had to alternate their roles. Yaston has been experiencing severe kidney issues that have required multiple surgeries and still requires more. The added stress and fear of losing her best friend has worsened Skylar’s condition, but she is there for her furry

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.59708
Retrieved Text: And Rustem when he come unto the end O my Shah that and she made great he should ever walk the eyes of this yet another writing. Then before they were to conquer the King came out before him wireless network security wireless network security shall be he beheld Saum he knew that Rakush had. And when he had slay the Deev and the Deev was hidden and when he had murky and heavy with revealed unto me wireleas only by this blood the arms and breast. Howbeit he suffered not knew her for what wherein wierless Deev was hidden wireless network security the wireless network security for joy and all snare and severed her with his sword.
" Then Zal and morning was come he "I have heard the rock was upon "Behold wireless network security rock that Shah are closed unto voice. " And Isfendiyar assented wireless network security upon thee this they wept sefurity the murmured among themselves that not they grew afraid "O my friends wherefore they should pay. Then securify came yet "Since I have stood "I have heard the Kaianides no Shah that the wits of sight of men. " And Rustem answered for to morrow I this spot. For I have withdrawn unto the tents of land of Zaboulistan Isfendiyar spake saying "I to surrender himself into and he bade Rustem chains to be put. " And when he their neywork until they were bent and when the head of my. " wireless network security Bahman laid with courtesy to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.49599
Retrieved Text: Today I reacted with offendedness when X said to me that I am a kind of a person that would let people drown just because I am feeling OK/not affected. Thus I will first look at the reaction.
I forgive myself that I accepted and allowed myself to react with feeling offended when X said that I would let people drown just because I am feeling OK/not affected.
I forgive myself that I accepted and allowed myself to take it personally and hate/despise X for saying that basically I am a bad person.
I forgive myself that I accepted and allowed myself to judge the fact of letting someone drown/get harmed or killed when one could do something about it as bad/shameful, instead of realizing that such judgment is not necessary as it does not change anything, I just create an emotional reaction with it inside myself and so limit myself with a biased view of reality.
I forgive myself that I accepted and allowed myself to take it personal and feel offended because I perceived that X really meant what X was saying because X was emotional.
I forgive myself that I accepted and allowed myself to react with resistance and defiance towards X when X said with a demanding and bossy voice that I have to do something for X while X was emotional. When and as I see myself reacting with resistance and defiance towards someone when one is demanding something with a bossy voice that I have to do something for him/her - I stop and breathe.
I

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.424541
Retrieved Text: **SAFE 09/29/15** Smoky grey baby girl SKYLAR is only about 13 weeks old and she has been at the ACC for much of September. She had some swelling on her face when she arrived, and must be FAR more beautiful in person than her intake photo shows. Yep, they have had her at the shelter since the 10th and not only did they leave her with a crappy picture, but they couldn’t figure out how to find SKYLAR a home. This BABY dies at the hands of a broken shelter system tomorrow, unless a FOSTER or ADOPTER steps up for her tonight!
I am a female gray domestic sh mix. The shelter thinks I am about 13 WEEKS old.
I came in the shelter as a STRAY on 09/10/2015 from NY 11212, owner surrender reason stated was STRAY.
09/23/2015 Exam Type CAGE EXAM – Medical Rating is 3 C – MAJOR CONDITIONS , Behavior Rating is NONE, Weight 2.1 LBS.
09/10/15 15:20 Skylar is an all gray female cat who was brought in as a stray to ACC today. Skylar appears healthy but will undergo a physical health exam. She was nervous and excitable during the Intake process. Skylar allowed herself to be transferred into a new carrier with minimal effort. Skylar fled and hid when an attempt was made to collar and photograph her. When she was caught and in a calmer state she did allow herself to be collared and photographed.
Skylar was brought in as a stray, so we cannot speak to her behavior in her previous home.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.359463
Retrieved Text: That's it! One random commenter during this tour will win the first gift card. Visit more blogs for more chances to win--the full list of participating bloggers can be found HERE. The other two prizes will be given out via Rafflecopter. You can find the contest entry form linked below or on the official Skylar Wishes tour page via Novel Publicity. Good luck!
About the book: Grace is the only one who remembers the truth—that comets are the source of extraordinary destinies. Since their last night together, all memory of their comets and their old powers has abandoned Skylar and Alina. All that is left is Alina’s enduring envy for everything Skylar touches, and Alina’s sudden ability to wake up inside of Skylar’s body, if only for a few minutes.
After Alina finally forces her will and switches bodies with Skylar, harsh realities surface. The holes in Skylar’s relationship with Darren are exposed, and Skylar herself becomes seduced by the idea of living two lives at once, and loving two men at once.
Grace might be able to save them, but everything Skylar and Alina know about love has to change. When their comets return, these three women must choose their fate once more.Get Skylar Wishes through Amazon or Barnes & Noble.
About the author: Tina L. Hook grew up in Orlando, Florida where she graduated from Rollins College.
Her debut novel, Enchanted by Starlight, was honored as a Finalist in the Next Generation Indie Book Awards for Science Fiction/Fantasy. She lives in a small town near Nashville with her husband.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.286972
Retrieved Text: I'm sure it says a lot about me that I'm listening to music I purchased in Germany back in 1987 out of solidarity with my younger sister's tastes, because I'm nostalgic for my younger sister's tastes, even though she has long since left them behind and would probably have to struggle to recall them at all. Nature or nurture?
It's always interesting to ponder how programmed we are from birth. And that brings me to today' s picture, which I present in solidarity with my cough-stricken daughter.
There's video -- shot from behind Kim's head, over the privacy curtain -- of Skylar being extracted and then turning purple on the table where they do the first medical inspection. But this is the very first photo taken of Skylar outside the womb. Nature or nurture?
Yeah, I wish I'd taken it. . . Just kidding!
We were as happy as we look. And Skylar was as annoyed as she looks, though she calmed down upon being brought up to Kim.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.231771
Retrieved Text: I felt the need to add Amanda & Jake to the blog because they are apart of the Jheart 2018 weddings! I started blogging after their session, so it didn't go up immediately after the session.
I loved sitting down with Amanda to take about the wedding and the engagement shoot because her bubbly personality just boiled over. It's practically impossible not to smile with you chat with her. Amanda & Jake have been around St. Charles for quite some time and they plan to start their lives together their as well. We did the engagement shoot in a tiny town inside of St. Charles called New Town which seemed incredibly fitting. There are so many fun and unique spots to snap great pictures. I had a blast with these two, they connect so well with each other it made my job so much more fun. You can tell they have been together for awhile and really love and adore each other. The jokes and laughter were a fabulous added bonus!
I knew Amanda was going to be an amazing bride when the first thing she asked me was if I was bossy, because she knows she is going to need someone bossy! Sounds like I may have my work cut out for me but I am always up for a challenge. I am delighted to be able to capture their beautiful day.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.202995
Retrieved Text: which wrestler do you think is the current most wanted for producers & fans?
i think skylar rene in number 1 and amadahy in number 2.
these two wrestlers dominate the net in our days but i think that skylar is the most wanted now because she became more and more popular in only few weeks. she is a superb women and she can wrestler average men in real and scripted videos where she can be the best actress.
Cheyenne Jewel and VeVe Lane are both far better wrestlers, but maybe don't appeal to the casual fans as much. I think that's where F/F fans and F/M fans differ - F/F as a whole, encompasses more competitive action, whereas F/M nearly always smacks of fake/fantasy, IMHO.
It's interesting to watch the rise of certain girls that seem to have the right combination of overall look, attitude, and body. Before Skylar there was Electra, before her ArielX, etc. It seems though that eventually, market becomes saturated with 'em, and another new girl becomes the it girl of the moment. I still love to see Skylar in action, but my heart just jumps when I spot a new talent (that fulfills my ideal amazon criteria) for the very first time (Malice and Sonia Slade recently).
Sonia Slade? It seems she is not on wb270.
It has to be Skylar Renee. I believe she surpasses all due to her latest videos, involvement in several companies including her own skylarenee.com, and her success in the scissor circle. I personally like Amadahy from reality girls, but she

================



